Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Erica. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements, which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2016 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes that presentation of earnings, excluding items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss fourth quarter results of 2017, excluding net charges of $0.18 per share diluted related to business realignment activity, derivative mark-to-market gains, non-service-related pension expense and an estimated impact of a onetime mandatory tax on the previously deferred earnings on non-U.S. subsidiaries. These net charges are defined in the appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with all that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Michele Buck.
Mark Pogharian: Yes, Steve. I think, I mean, we've been very good over time of maintaining and increasing EBIT margin, it's certainly always been a focus and a hallmark of the company. So I think we'll continue to make progress. We'll continue to make progress there. But as Patricia alluded to earlier, certainly sales in 2017 being a little bit lighter, lost a little bit of leverage there. But there's still a path to get there, and I think we'll talk a little bit more about that in CAGNY.
Mark Pogharian: Yes. I mean, we didn't disclose that, Dave, for competitive reasons. But I mean, if you're trying to put everything on an apples-to-apples basis, I mean, I would certainly start with - look, the base business, we're always looking to get to 6% to 8% EPS growth. So use whatever tax rate you want from last year to kind of normalize it, and you'll get back into it and get a sensitivity that way.
Mark Pogharian: Yes, Matt. There was a slide on March for - that kind of give a little bit of pie chart or breakdown of materials and packaging, and then I think there was a little distribution and overhead in there. So take a look at that pie chart and it may help you out a little bit.
Patricia Little: Yes. So thanks. On the margin side, I think it'll be - I think you have a good take on it. But I will point out that that's not going to translate into income, because obviously, with the growth that we do expect in our core category, that will drive higher dollar income for us.
Patricia Little: Yes. So, you're right, we expect the savings to come both through the cost of goods as well as SG&A. A lot of the improvement in the International piece you see coming through the cost of goods, although there's an SG&A piece of that as well. In U.S. business, I think it's a little more weighted to SG&A, especially as we look at both the corporate functions as well as our commercial functions. In general, I would say that, as we look forward, it is a - we really do need the sales that we're driving investment against to help us deliver that leverage looking forward.
Patricia Little: Yes. You do have that part right. And on the tax reform piece, I would say that our focus is really more around capabilities, things like investment in the e-commerce that Michele mentioned, focusing on those capacity improvements, some technology improvements that we want to give to our sales and marketing areas. And that's really where we see the opportunity, as tax reform comes in, to evaluate good ideas and potentially pull them ahead. Less around direct advertising is just the one thing I would make sure you're clear on.
Patricia Little: Yes, we make assumption as we look at our EPS build of a share repurchase program that's really normalized. If you look at the past several years, we have sort of an assumption that we make around sort of our standard share repurchase as a nominal planning piece. It's not a big driver of our EPS. And I'll remind you that we also always repurchase shares related to option programs and other equity grants.
Patricia Little: We don't give that. We give the CapEx piece. You're welcome to give Mark a call and - if you need more details on that.
Patricia Little: Yes, I probably won't get into numbers, but I can certainly help you with the pieces a little bit. Over the long run, we expect supply chain productivity to equal, I'll say, offset base inflation, excluding commodities, or beat it. So that would be our goal every year. We don't hit that every year. I'll say that this year and looking forward to next year, we have had some headwinds. And let me just talk about them a little bit. You mentioned two of them in terms of the packaging and mix. But I'll also say that we are seeing the same sort of pressures on freight that many people in the industry are having as we - and I'll also say that as we strive to hit ever-higher service delivery goals, we will prioritize that, getting the product onto the shelf even if that means some extra cost in either our manufacturing or distribution network. So that's a piece of that. And we also, I think, have an opportunity - and it's been a little bit of a hit on us on planning because we have seen, as actual takeaway or sales deviate from our plans, the effect can also drive some pressure in terms of our manufacturing or distribution network. Michele mentioned, and I think this is really importantly, on the opposite side of that, we are adding this new capacity, we've been very tight on capacity and that's been one of the issues. And we're also working to manage our complexity better. And I think that those are better improvements that will help us in the full year '18. And when you add all that together, our best estimate is that we'll be about flat.
Patricia Little: No, I think that's right. We really are thinking about it as managing the SKU count and managing our complexity that it drives. I think that's the important takeaway. On tax, we've always set the model at 27% to 28% tax number long term. We've tended to beat that. I have to say that I think we might've beat it '18 as well, but honestly, tax reform came along and got us focused on that instead of figuring out more tax planning strategies. So that quickly became our focus in the last part of last year.
Patricia Little: And also just add that, well, some of our input costs are down, others are up. And what we said is that we don't see that deflation for next year.
Michele Buck: Relative to your question on shorter Easter and SKU rep, I assume, Rob, you're asking the impact on the top line. And certainly, those do create some pressure as we look at the delivery on the top line. Certainly, a longer Easter benefits not only our total takeaway as well as our share. As we look at our plans for '18, what we're really focused on [indiscernible] growth we've seen on the core brand that is low to mid-single digits, really start to activate part of the portfolio around some of our variety brands, which we have not been doing. So we're going to optimize our spending to activate those. And we started doing that in Q4 and started to see nice results in a lot of the brands that we activated. And then a real focus on stabilizing some of where the leaks have been, particularly around the emerging brands. But the combination of Easter and the SKU definitely creates about a one point headwind for us.
Michele Buck: Yes. So I'd start by saying, hey, it's always our goal to gain share and we're pleased that we were able to maintain share despite heavy competitive activity. Certainly, I feel better about the first part of the year where, you're right, Cookie Layer Crunch was a big driver for us in terms of helping really to generate the share gains we saw in that part of the year. As much as we'd like our performance to be consistent on a quarter-to-quarter basis based in our programming and competitive programming, it doesn't always shake out that way. So what we always focus back on is the key levers that drive the category are those same levers that I think all the competitors need to focus on, which is do we have the right activation of our brands from an advertising and consumer marketing, do we have the right invest - innovation to drive each piece of the portfolio and superior execution to really drive displays and especially focusing at winning with the customers who are winning trips. So that's really our focus, and I think that's probably our competitors' focus as well.
Michele Buck: Yes. So that's a great question. So the way I would think about packaging is packaging is a lever that we are focused on improving in the marketplace. And we certainly believe the upgrade we did in packaging created some nice momentum for us versus the lay-down packaging that we had on shelf. However, we really view the packaging as an evolution. And what you're going to see is us continue to improve upon that packaging to make it even stronger [indiscernible] out of it. And as we do that, really, try to optimize the total P&L impact around that [indiscernible]. So it is out there, but you'll see more to come from us. Certainly, it is a drag right now on gross margin.
Michele Buck: I think we're always striving to get that right balance between advertising and trade, and we think both are critical. So we're doing a lot of work on trying to optimize marketing mix. As you look at 2018, what you're going to see is we're going to optimize our spending on DMEs even more. You'll see us probably be about flat in terms of our advertising support on our core, but really optimizing our lines across the rest of the portfolio; investing in the variety of brands, which are highly profitable; and kind of rightsizing the investment on some of the smaller emerging brands and rebalancing between DMEs and SG&A. So for example, some of the emerging snack brands, feet on the street to build displays on some of those brands, we're going to get more from that than advertising. On trade, we're - we really look at the benefit based on everything that we've seen on trade. As much as we can drive display, it's really just display that drives that activity. So we try to make sure that we are being nimble and constantly optimizing through strategic revenue management to get a price that's appropriate to drive display but not to be giving away product and creating a deflationary pressure that doesn't - that just subsidize an already planned purchase. So that's the way to balance there.
Michele Buck: Andrew, I'll start with just one comment, and I'm going to turn it over to Patricia to really dig into those numbers. I will tell you that as we look at our performance for Margin for Growth, we have over delivered on the SG&A component of our expectations. We thought that was going to be a difficult piece of the work. And as we really did some - made some tough decisions, we actually found we were able to [indiscernible] a culture that enabled us to really deliver even more than we expected there. But I'll let Patricia do a step-back to talk a little bit more holistically about it.
Michele Buck: I mean, I'd tell you that the strongest piece of that Cadbury business for us is the seasonal component. The Cadbury Eggs are a phenomenal piece of our seasonal portfolio, whether it's at Halloween or Easter, they're unique in the marketplace. And so our focus is really there. We are not prioritizing building the everyday mass premium nature of that brand. But there's tremendous value in the seasonal piece, so we believe that's the right focus.
Michele Buck: I think that's fair. I mean, I think we see a path of getting to the range that we laid out in March. But we do think that it might take us just a bit longer to get there. We see a path to the low end of the range. And yes, we're going to make those constant decisions of balancing getting there with making the right decisions on the business.
Michele Buck: So the biggest drivers on that would be certainly the snacks portfolio, which is lower margin than our core. And then as instant consumables, particularly in the second half of the year as we were lapping - had weaker instant consumable innovation than we did the prior year.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we expect that we'll see some sequential improvement versus Q4 as we get into the year. But I think it's very fair to say that the strongest performance will be in the back half of the year. Certainly, the first half of the year will be lapping the long Easter, which that alone creates a differential in terms of the first half, second half performance. And then the pacing of our innovation. We've got gold that'll be coming out the blocks pretty strong; and then the Reese's Outrageous, which is our other innovation, is really more midyear. So I think the way you're thinking about it is accurate.
Michele Buck: I do. We are in the process of transforming the business model to respond to the changes we're seeing in the marketplace. I feel like we're making really good progress on some of those capabilities that are going to be big enablers around building our digital commerce business where we've brought in some really - a really strong leader, experienced leader in that space. That's going to help us tremendously. We have key investments in capacity, and we've been a bit constrained over the past 18 months with some of the demand on our core brands butting up against capacity. We're making investments, we have a Reese line that just came online now [indiscernible] that comes online later on the year. We've got Amplify that we have a lot of confidence in. So we continue to feel good about our ability to get to that long-term sales guidance over our strategic planning horizon.
Michele Buck: I think that these are important investments in the business. And really, the way we're looking at it is it gives us an opportunity to accelerate enacting them, and therefore, accelerate our project progress to our strategic goals.
Michele Buck: Yes. So that deterioration was largely due to some of the trade spending associated with the Chinese New Year. So I wouldn't look at that as a trend carrying forward. We feel really good about the profitability improvements that we've made in that sector across all of International. As we mentioned, we've really hit kind of a high mark here in terms of what we're able to deliver with that $11 million of OI last year. And we're expecting significant OI improvement this year that, as we said, we think we'll eclipse the 2014 previous high that we've had in terms of operating income for that sector.
Michele Buck: Yes, I'm glad you brought up the question because we actually see that as one of our key priorities in 2018. So we absolutely grew share on all of those core chocolate brands throughout the year. So we're really pleased with the performance we've seen there. And you're right, the investments on those brands are easy because the ROIs are so big because of the scale of the brand. But we're really excited and think we have tremendous opportunity for select variety brands, brands like Twizzlers, Almond Joy, where we have a unique product in the marketplace that really owns a certain space. And we believe that we have an opportunity to better balance our DME spending. And so as you look in 2018, that's absolutely where we're going to have a focus. And if you look into the future, it's continuing to have some level of support against some of those variety brands. That benefits us not only from the lift you get from advertising, but there's a holistic package of where you advertise and then you drag velocity, you actually get greater distribution or avoid distribution losses. And we think that's an opportunity for us that we haven't fully taken advantage of because we do have that breadth of portfolio. So that's definitely a focus for us in '18. Continue the growth in the core, activate variety and then stabilize those emerging brands, which actually had been declining.
Michele Buck: So obviously, we can't talk about what we - any activity that we've done or not done in the M&A space. I would say, we've competed versus those brands in the marketplace over the life of the company, and so I think we're well familiar with that portfolio. And as we always focus on how we drive our business and also looking at what might happen in the marketplace, we do that every year, and this will be no different. So we will continue to run our playbook in terms of driving our own business.
Michele Buck: I mean, I'd start with relative to big competitors using any kind of deflationary raw material cost to increase promotion, I would tell you that, over time, in this category, that's not usually a behavior that we tend to see. I would say we've seen it more a little bit here or there, particularly maybe with some of the smaller competitors in the sweet, sugar area of the category over time. But that's not something that we generally see. So I'm not seeing any more changes there than we do any year in terms of promotional changes.
Michele Buck: I would say on sugar confectionery, we've seen pretty strong performance on that segment of the category. And as we look at gum, our own business, we've done exceptionally well in the marketplace and have gained share. So I think it tend - those segments, like chocolate, tend to just be about having the right innovation in the category, having the right new news. And I think, for each of those segments, the years when that happens, you'd tend to see [indiscernible] and a strengthening of that segment. And I think the segment - the brands within those segments that have done that are seeing a lot of growth.
