John P. Bilbrey: Yes, sure. Jonathan, I think that part of the magic of this category, of course, is the expandable consumption. So the fact that we're seeing quality innovation across the category, continued investment in advertising and promotion to support innovation, the category has cycled pricing, I think, quite well. I think all of those things are certainly good for us. As we see the categories resiliency across total snacking, we continue to feel very, very good about how the category is behaving and the quality of the activity in the category. So going forward, we're quite positive.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, and I'll start with the second part of your question. So as most of these -- a lot of our growth there is really around expanding items. So price doesn't play the same kind of additive effect it might in another markets because you're introducing these new brands at a price point people are seeing for the first time. So it really is about gaining distribution, volume, and then of course, getting sales against those businesses. In Q2, we saw a little bit lumpier business around between our export businesses and our focus markets. And in our focus markets where we're advertising and putting a lot of effort, we felt terrific about our progress there. You heard my comment on China so you can kind of do the math on your own if the category is growing at 11% and we're growing at 4 to 5x the category. That's a pretty strong number and -- so in those markets, we continue to feel quite good about the progress.
John P. Bilbrey: So I'll start with just saying that -- because of the product mix in the C-store channel, we -- with it being into consumables, the profitability of that is very important to us. So from that standpoint, C-store is really good. On the chocolate business in C-stores, we have over a 50 share of the category. So our brands are quite strong there, and we continue to see good performance across the C-store channel. So in 2Q, where you don't have the influence of seasonality and so forth, our share was up across total CMG about 10.6%. Chocolate was up about 13.6%. So that segment for us continues to perform well. And the biggest observation, I would just tell you about the C-store, that whenever I meet with the operators, is that the total mix of their store continues to evolve as they increase the selection they have, and that's been, I think, a positive thing to keep people coming into the stores. And so in our category, we remain on the menu of people that come into the store despite the fact that they are increasing their selection. So I think, again, it just shows the resiliency of the category.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, Alexia, we've been very pretty fortunate here. As we said we want innovation to be about 1 point of our total growth on an ongoing basis. And as we were talking here, we think Brookside is an example, by itself, will be about 1 point. So innovation has been important to our overall growth over the last several years. And while you may see us do different things, our real focus is on trying to be very, very consumer-centric, do fewer, bigger, better innovation initiatives that will be sustainable. So again, I want to innovate -- I want to emphasize, it's not how many things we do as much as it is how successful are the things that we do.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, during the introductory period, we haven't focused yet on C-store. You may find it in a C-store, but it hasn't been a big focus for us yet. It certainly will be, but we've seen great response to the product across channels. As you know, in the early life of that brand, it was more in club stores. It had some penetration at grocery, but our distribution capability has now made the brand broadly available. One of the things that we talked to you about earlier is, is that we doubled our capacity, but you have to remember that capacity doesn't come online on the first day. So some of the, I'll call it, pacing of depth of merchandising that we had anticipated, we've had to balance and pace a little bit differently just because the repeat has been very good. And then while we don't have a full set of data yet, given just the timeline of the product, very importantly for all the marketers is the repeat of repeaters. And I know it always sounds a little bit funny to say that, but repeat of repeaters is really exceeding our expectation and we feel quite good about that as well.
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. Andrew, I think it's actually both. I think the category continues to perform well because, broadly, manufacturers are investing in the category in a very positive way. And as you said earlier, advertising, innovation, et cetera, seems to be working well for everybody. So we would continue to believe that the potential for quality results around good growth for both the retail and ourselves. We're quite optimistic for that.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. So as you know, we're continuing to grow our distribution capabilities all the time in China. We estimate today that the milk candy segment in China is about $1.2 billion. Today, we'll target largely the modern trade with the Lancaster product, but we also believe it should have legs with deeper penetration, and as an example, you might think of chocolate. So as we bring what we believe is a high-quality innovation to that milk candy segment, it should be good for us financially, as well as offer the consumer something unique versus what's available in the marketplace today. So we think that if we get the communication right, we believe we've got the taste texture profile right, and it's a bit of a soft launch. So we're expanding in a few cities first. It's a slow build. So I think what you'll see to part of your question is, really, '14 will be a much stronger push for us on that product. So it will be somewhat of a slow build early on. We hope to learn with that, but so far from what we've done, and this is a product, by the way, remember, we now have an R&D facility in China, and when the China R&D folks were here in the U.S., integrating into our R&D center here, that product was developed here, but it's really got developed by our China team. So we think this is -- this one has a lot of potential for us.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think once we feel is that we have the right level of distribution in those cities where we have the brand available, we would probably look at advertising.
John P. Bilbrey: No. Eric, it really has to do with what we would call unstructured versus structured markets. So exports in the structured markets is where we would be planting a flag, call it, where we would anticipate expanding a business in the future, and unstructured is really more where our brands are available because there's distributors or people who have kind of pull on that. And it really was more around those unstructured markets, where there were just some things that didn't repeat themselves that were in the base. So if you look at our total export business or if you look at that total international business, sorry, probably about 1/3 of that is the export piece, and then that's split again one more time between structured and unstructured. And so, again, I would just come back to the way I looked at it was the real focus markets that we had, we felt very good about the results we got.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Eric, I really think about the quality of the activities we have as being important. So as we look at assets, it really has to be the right assets versus just racing to have something. And we've really learned over time that if we don't execute against our basic business model that we're succeeding behind in each of these markets, we just don't do that well and you don't have a sustainable position. So I actually believe that for us, it's so important that we continue to respect the fact we've got this very, very precious North American business, which is a real engine for us. We don't want to get out of balance or ahead of ourselves in a way that we can't recover. And so just as you look at our approach in China, while I always have urgency to go faster, I don't ever go faster than I think we can execute against our model. And because for us, that's all real net growth, doing it well and having a business that when we come out of invest mode or get more into a going-type operation, we can make money. So I'm far more interested in the quality of our expansion than I am the quantity of the expansion. And I'll just take advantage of this time to remind us that there's probably some legacy businesses that we felt pretty good about not participating in around the world. So for us, I think you'll continue to see a real focus on trying to get it right. We've got a lot of work in front of us. We think we're in the right markets. And when we get those right or we think there's opportunity, we'll expand but we'll do it in a way that we can continue to deliver over time quality financial results.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we actually think of it as a fairly broad, appealing brand both geographically, as well as within the demand landscape. So you have a couple of things going for this brand. You have the hand-to-mouth occasion. You have the halo effect of the anti-oxidant value of dark chocolate, and then the super fruit packed in the centers that consumers -- that resonates with consumers. So we think it's in a unique position across the landscape, and we also have a point of view that the positioning in concept could be broad. And so we always are asking ourselves, where could you go with this? Now that's definitely out in front of us. We have to succeed with the base proposition and define with the consumers what Brookside stands for, but we internally are quite encouraged by what we think is possible with this brand with all the consumer research that we've done. So that's how we think about it.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, the good news is, is that, so far, it appears like people are -- to use your words, popping it in their mouth pretty broadly, and so that's what we would hope would continue to happen. As we look -- but more seriously, as we look at our likes and dislikes in consumer complaints and things like that, it's simply not something we've seen so far, but -- and hopefully, we don't, and we think, over time, there's the possibility to expand across other types of flavors and so forth. And we have a new initiative that will be coming up that you'll see in 2014 that begins to look at different types of centers and things around that same brand concept. So good heads up. We obviously have all of our antenna up -- but so far, that hasn't been an issue.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, so first of all, I think a couple of the comments you've made are probably directionally correct. We're seeing that our U.S. business contributed about 80% of the total net sales growth in the quarter. And what was very encouraging about that is the core brands performed very, very well in addition to what was occurring on our innovation. So really, we were hitting across all cylinders. If you recall, Dave, we had talked about how we've been rotating advertising support across some of those portfolio brands that we have that, I think, in years past, just because our overall approach, we weren't able to get much attention. And those brands, they typically have limited numbers of SKUs. They're really nice sized businesses, and they've responded very, very well to advertising. So I think our approach about rotating advertising across those brands, giving them some attention, is really what you're seeing that's causing some of that nice performance. And then again, we've continued to invest in our selling capabilities, and we've been very focused against having the common distribution, I'll call it, across more SKUs, across smaller retail outlets versus maybe sometimes seeing a mix of that distribution so -- that you'd see a more focused effort against what's in the store and then how we activate it is more broad than had been historically, and that's part of what's helping drive our business.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, so far, David, we've been able to make it broadly available, but we've had to be very conscious about doing that. So we could, at this point in time, be merchandising the brand more aggressively than we currently are so that we can make the brand broadly available, and our capacity ensures that people can begin activating at a greater rate than they are today. We haven't been creating out of stocks as the brand has been available, but we've just been measured to make sure that everybody that wants it can get it, and then we do believe as we go further throughout the year, our capacity catches up. And obviously, we would love nothing more than to be creating even additional capacity if that's what's required.
John P. Bilbrey: I don't think so. We really look for opportunities to build capabilities, and the capabilities would be around distribution, manufacturing, and if appropriate, certainly, brands. So it's really a parallel effort for us. And kind of to the other question around raise the assets, we think what's really important is regardless of any assets we would look at, having the ability to execute our model to build awareness and build brands is really what we believe is the right way to succeed. So I hope that we'll continue to be able to assess things we think are good for our company as we look at different opportunities, and at the same time, we're going to make the right investments around growing our business organically.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. As we've looked at the data on front-of-pack labeling, there does not seem to be a negative effect because there's front-of-pack labeling. And conversely you could probably say the same thing. As a company, we're not against what I would describe a right to know what is in the food of the consumers. It's a fairly logical question. How you execute against that and how you remain contemporary with questions consumers may have is what I think will be important over time. GMA is certainly looking at this. Our specific industry is looking at this. And as you get into the smaller pack types, you really have to ask yourself how meaningful or how much clutter can be added to the front-of-the-pack versus branding. So we're a branding-driven company. We wouldn't want to see things that de-track from branding, but frankly, I don't think the initiatives that we've seen today really do that. But what we have to be careful of is, is the intent of these things really driven at creating clarity in decision-making for consumers or are there other types of things that play in and so we're supportive of the efforts that GMA has put forth so far. At the same time, it's my personal opinion that there are probably more elegant solutions of how we create, call it, a portal or a place for consumers to go to, to better understand food with facts that are supported by generally accepted science so that they get the right information and can make the best decisions.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, the project that we've talked about is, is that we have this joint distribution project in Canada. It's really driven by a pre-competitive type of agreement, where we can create efficiencies around the supply chain. And at this point in time, that's really what we've worked on there. And as you see around the world, there are different alliances and things that manufacturers look at that are all pre-competitive that may make sense, be it packaging, purchasing and other types of things. And so we're very open-minded to those things on a going basis.
John P. Bilbrey: Ken, I don't have the exact number there. I'm more than happy to get it to you via Mark following the call. I think that the important thing to think about with China is, is that, today, there's maybe 300 million or 400 million people that participate in the category versus the total country. And so we believe brand awareness, category building is still very, very relevant and strong in China over time. So if there was a short-term change, I wouldn't read frankly anything into it and it certainly doesn't change in any way how we think about the potential of the market.
David W. Tacka: Okay. Sure, Chris. The thing to think about there is as we said earlier, our productivity, particularly the savings around some of the last of the next century savings, was a bit phased earlier in the year. And so we had that, and we'd been expecting that it would be a little bit lower in the back half of the year, and we still expect that. The overall increase is really a function of some of the sales mix improvements that we've seen, and we are getting a bit more productivity. From an input cost standpoint, as we've said, we have good visibility of our input costs and really don't expect that to be changing from what we were expecting in the back part of the year.
David W. Tacka: Andrew, as we've said, our strategy is basically we can -- where we can, we'll take coverage anywhere from 3 to 24 months. And so certainly, we are working through our normal process. We're reviewing the markets and beginning to lay in to establish our cost visibility for 2014.
David W. Tacka: I was just going to address your question with respect to the retail movement versus our factory sales. And you're right, there's a timing difference between that, but some of the retail movement that you're seeing is also part of the -- what we're seeing that caused us to raise our sales guidance.
