Michele G. Buck: Thank you, Patricia. Hershey is a category leader with compelling snacking tailwinds. As we transform our business in both domestic and international markets, we believe our core brands and expanding portfolio, our relentless focus on innovation, proprietary insights, and in-store capabilities, and our strong margins and cash flow will help us maintain our competitive advantage, fuel continued earnings growth, and deliver long term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Patricia, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Michele G. Buck: So let me – I'll start off. It's Michele, and I'll also ask Patricia to add some commentary on this as well. First of all, as we mentioned, we think we're taking some very specific actions to address some of the things that hit us that are within our control. We had some customer-specific programming that leaned towards value-oriented packs and created some unfavorable mix, and as we go forward we are working to fix that and address that. As we look at our SKU rationalization plan, a real focus on the core is going to help us tremendously to address some of those mix opportunities for us. And so we think that we've got a good plan against that. I'd also say as we look at input costs (00:29:02) comments about cocoa in particular and then I'm going to turn it over to Patricia. Certainly the fundamentals of the cocoa crop, weather, supply and demand are all relatively healthy, but it is a commodity that we know has some high volatility given just some things that are outside the fundamentals. So with that, let me just turn it over to Patricia to talk a little bit in more detail about the recovery on gross margin. But I think if you think about it at a very macro level, there's a lot of recovery that's just grounded in the lapping of prior-year gross margin.
Michele G. Buck: Yes. Remember, Ken, some of our capacity investments, the Reese's line came online this quarter, and we have a new Kit Kat line coming online at the end of the quarter. So as we look at the mix of what we've been able to sell, we were a bit constrained on some of our most profitable items, and as we get that addressed that's going to help us quite a lot in terms of driving mix on the business.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah, so first of all, a little bit of perspective on the full year. We always expected – we had expected in our plan for the first half to be a bit pressured, primarily driven by promotional (32:03) and innovation timing but primarily the shorter Easter. So that was in our plans. As we look at the last – at the second half, we remain really bullish (32:16) including Outrageous which is launching, Reese's Outrageous, in May, continued Gold success, and very strong sell-in behind Halloween and holiday. The key difference as we look at the back half of the year is this focus for us to really balance the P&L and drive for profitable growth and thus the SKU reduction program. We think it's the right thing to do to really shift and work to drive mix. And we do know, though, that there will be some short-term impact as we make those changes. So really that choice is the primary driver that led us to call the low end of the guidance. We just want to give all of you the heads-up, relative to what the impact of that program could be as we initiate it.
Michele G. Buck: We're always balancing the mix of our investment behind the business between advertising and trade, and as we looked what we thought we needed to do this year to really be competitive, we did make some additional shifts between advertising and trade on certain parts of our business. I wouldn't say that we see that as major pressure but rather continued optimization to maximize the business going forward. And not all of that is necessarily showing up in price. So as you think about our investment with trade, is really about investment with customers at retail. Merchandising, merchandising racks, things like that also fall into that line.
Michele G. Buck: And, David, I would say like some of the mix things – obviously, I think some of those marketplace dynamics were a bit out of our control. I think the complexity caught us a little bit more. We knew there was complexity. It caught us a little bit more than we thought it would. And so what we are focused on is we can take the actions to fix that, and we are.
Michele G. Buck: If we look at the latest 12 weeks, it's about 6.3%. Yeah, if we go to the back part of the year – I'll have to see if we have those numbers here. I thought we did. Hold on. Yeah, we can follow up with you on that. There may be a little bit of deceleration as it's gotten larger, but there's tremendous growth in the category and we're pretty happy with the mid-single-digit growth. Certainly in the first quarter, the team had built some plans to remove some of the lower ROI trade promotion events that they had prior year, and so that's causing a little bit of an offset to some of the momentum that they had. But as we look at the full-year basis, we're feeling really good. And we have line of sight to some distribution expansion which is, frankly, well deserved on the business, which is going to, I believe, reaccelerate that growth rate.
Michele G. Buck: Sure. So we haven't really changed our outlook in the category versus what we shared at CAGNY. So we had shared that we believe the long-term outlook for the category was around 1.5% to 2%. As we look at this year, we believe this year is probably 1% to 1.5% because the long Easter drives a 0.5 point swing between a long Easter year and a short Easter year. We also continue to be really bullish about the chocolate and non-chocolate part of the category. If you take refreshment out, it continues to have – grow at an accelerated rate and we anticipate that will be 1.5 points to 2 points of growth for this year. As we look at share, we had shared previously that we saw our plan for the year to be back-half loaded and we anticipated that our share would be softer in the first part of the year, but we expect to end the year gaining share. So some of that's tied to competitive timing of competitive programming as well as the timing of our own programming. It's certainly always our goal to gain share. And I feel good that as we end the year, we will be on track to be doing that.
Michele G. Buck: So first on your broad question, this certainly is a category that is complex, right? It's a high SKU-driven category with multiple locations in the store. I think as we look at it, though, there is good complexity, strategic complexity, that adds profitable growth and adds value. And there is also bad complexity, where there can be excess that adds items but not driving really incremental profitable growth. And I think one of the most important things we always have to do is keep track of that. I think we got a little bit out of balance on that, and we think it's really important to address that. So, for example, I'll give you one example. We could have 500 merchandising units, and it might be that when we take a really close look at them, with a couple tweaks, we could get that number in half and generate massive efficiency that takes complexity out of the system. On the other hand, we are going to continue to add SKUs when it comes to innovation that we think is driving incrementality or new pack types on some of our core items. So it's really a balancing act, but it's keeping the good complexity and shedding the nonprofitable, non-incremental complexity. And it's a category that we just have to stay on top of that and stay focused. Patricia, I'm going to turn it over to you for the tax question.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. I would say it's much more a near-in chocolate franchise view and looking at a couple specific areas of opportunity on certain pack types and at certain customers that we wanted to take advantage of that made really good business sense. I also just want to reinforce that even with that shift in total, advertising on our core chocolate brands was up in Q1, and we expect it to be up for the full year. So we've shifted the advertising away from places that were less strategically important within the portfolio.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah, I would say that is entirely what drove the (48:51) investment. This is a category obviously driven by impulse, and our primary goal with trade is to get merchandising display. Our secondary goal is price. I think that's a very accurate way to think about it.
Michele G. Buck: So first of all, I would say shifting from advertising to trade, we have a very strong investment in advertising. So 10, 12 years ago, advertising as a percent of net sales was 2%. We are about 9% now at industry-leading levels and we are still at that, even with a minor shift. This was a minor shift to trade of like a couple tenths. So we still have very, very strong advertising levels. So on that piece, I would say there's just not even comparability whatsoever. I think from an SKU perspective, we continue with our strategy to be very focused on driving the core. We always have been. And when complexity ekes into the business, we have to address it. So I think from that perspective, you may say that addressing complexity, as we've done it in the past, is something that needs to be done. And that might be similar to where we were at some point in time, but I think the benefit of that drove some significant growth on the business on a go-forward basis because that usually tends to result in a much greater focus on some of the core most profitable SKUs, and I think creates opportunity for us.
Michele G. Buck: Well, obviously we can't speak directly to pricing. What I would say is we still feel really good about the category, and every category and the dynamics within the categories are different. The category of confection continues to grow. We as a company are somewhat differentiated in terms of that very significant investment that we make in our brands at industry-leading levels, what we just talked about relative to advertising, and we continue to have low private label penetration in our category. So we're always looking to work collaboratively with our retail partners and look at the marketplace and make sure we have the right product news, the right investment, and the right pricing to benefit all of us for the long term health of the category.
Michele G. Buck: So seasons as a part of our business is about one-third, so our business breaks out about a third seasons, about a third instant consumables, and about a third take home. There does tend to be a little bit of back half focus given the size of Halloween and holidays together, which are larger categories than Valentine's Day and Easter combined, and we continue to feel good about the seasonal chocolate sales that we have in the marketplace.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, I think that's a good summary. So as you know, we started to experience some freight inflation and some other inflationary pressures in the back half of last year, and so as we lap those, that will give us some easier comps in the back half of this year. And then as we exit that into 2019, while we really don't see a lot of relief on some of the cocoa and other inflationary pressures, we are very focused as a team on reducing some of the costs that we can control, things like the mix that Michele talked about, some of the – some of our go-to-market, things like our packaging changes. And then really just getting at this issue of complexity and that's where we want to focus our SKU rationalization on making sure that we're really providing the right package to the right customer at the right time with the right value, but not doing that in a way that overcomplicates our supply chain and logistics system, which is where we've seen some of the cost pressures come in that we do believe are controllable. And those are the things that we're looking to improve in 2019.
Patricia A. Little: The other thing that we've really explored with the complexity is how much it puts a stretch on our demand planning system. And as we just add SKUs, it just gets that much harder to plan at that SKU level, and that frankly drives some of the cost, too, for things like the extra touches or in our supply chain or added freight. Things like that. So that's one of the areas that we think is a real opportunity for us going forward.
Patricia A. Little: We do put those two together in terms of the other income impacts that you see with the cost of the tax credits with the rates. Those two tend to go together.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, Michele gave a great example about the merchandising units. I'll give you another one that's really core to us, and that's things like Halloween assortments. We tend to have five different approaches to that, but then over time we've migrated to where we do a lot of customer-specific assortments. And this year what we did is we really optimized our base levels, and those have proved to be so well designed that we can eliminate some of the customer-specific assortments. And that just takes complexity out, makes the customer happy, makes the consumer happy. So that's an example of where we see the complexity creep in that we don't think is adding value to ourselves, the customer or the consumer.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, I think Michele did a good job of talking about where the recovery comes from, and again about half of it is on that SG&A Margin for Growth target as well as the improved Amplify accretion. And then a quarter of it is that tax rate. So if you think about above the tax rate, yes, that's where you're going to see some leakage. And then the remaining quarter is that shift from where we had some reinvestment sort of earmarked in our P&L at the beginning of the year, and we've moved that to CapEx. So that's a total help. So if you think about it, about three-quarters of it is being offset above taxes, and about a quarter of it is not.
Patricia A. Little: No, I'm sorry. I want to be super clear. About three-quarters of it is offset at the operating income EBIT line, and about a quarter of it is offset at the tax line to get you the full offset. Just super clear.
Patricia A. Little: It's all of those buckets. We're not getting into that level of specificity, but what we've done is called out the big pieces, and you should think about those as all are (51:57) important to the pressure and all the things that we're going to be tackling with the initiatives that Michele mentioned.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. So we were hit a little bit harder, Alexia, in the first quarter on trade because of the true-ups that we do annually in the first quarter related to prior year. And that won't be an impact in the second through the fourth quarters. We're not at the point of giving guidance about specifics down to the pricing level, but we did have an outsized impact in the first quarter.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. We hedge a number of our commodities. We hedge out for 3 months to 24 months in layers. We look for getting price visibility and sort of easing into any market disruptions. We can't hedge all of our ingredients, but those that we can, we have a longstanding and effective hedging program.
