Melissa Poole: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company’s third quarter 2019 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, Chairman of the Board, President and CEO; and Steve Voskuil, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call, we may make Forward-Looking Statements within the meanings of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in these forward-looking statements contained in our 2018 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information does not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Michele.
Melissa Poole: Yes, just from the pricing piece. You're right in how you're thinking about the builds of last year's than this year's kind of compounding it. I guess the two pieces I would point you to is we did have most of our Halloween Business shifts in the third quarter. So that the jolt we get from that is mostly behind us. So we don't have Halloween pricing in the fourth quarter just because we don't really ship too much in the fourth quarter. And then the last piece on price protection, there is still a little bit of price protection for some of the promotional activities of our most recent price increase. So we kind of give in the third quarter would have been more around kind of base volume, time to transition to the new prices that everybody gets on everything. In the fourth quarter, there is a little bit of promotional activity that we will also deal back. So absolutely right that it should be higher than what it was so far a year-to-date and in the third quarter. But I don't know that it's enough to kind of trip you into a pretty significant pop in earning given all of the points that Steve had walked you through.
Melissa Poole: And just to build on that Chris and we can talk with this a little bit more offline, because there is some extra noise in the third quarter, but if you kind of break them into pieces, and think about last year's price increase, the price of that retailer are to Michele’s point pretty much in-line with expectations. So they are a little bit ahead of us as retailers are expanding margins, but nothing out of bound by any stretch. I think a lot of the noise in this quarter there is some timing of promotional activity where there were some losses and some higher prices on promotion that you're seeing place through for why those retail prices are a little bit more elevated in the in the quarter, year-to-date they are pretty much in-line with what we are seeing on the P&L, but a little bit of noise in the quarter. And then especially this most recent price increase to the timing of the protection causes a pretty big disconnect as they start rising prices and we don't see that in our P&L right away. So overall feeling really good they are where we expected, it is just there is a little bit more noise in this quarter.
Melissa Poole: Hey thanks so much for joining us this morning. The team will be available today and all of next week for any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Steve. We remain confident in our strategies and in our ability to deliver our financial commitments for the year. We are pleased with the progress we have made over the past two years. But we continue to operate with a healthy dissatisfaction that drives us to push and elevate the business even further. I continue to be energized by the opportunities presented by this rapidly changing environment and the power of our amazing brands and remarkable people to capitalize on this change to unlock new opportunities for the future. We will continue to focus on delivering today and building for the future in a way that is consistent with our values and purpose. Steve, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Michele Buck: Yes, I think if we think about our retail takeaway trends and revenue going forward, I think that there is no reason to expect that to - the trends wouldn't be similar with what we have been seeing and are seeing here in the back half of this year. As you think about going from 2019 into 2020, clearly, we will gain a little bit from SKU wrap being behind us. We lose a little bit in terms of Easter and going through a shorter Easter. But net, net, I think those are two of the single biggest changes you are right, that pricing kind of continues at a pretty steady pace. So I think it's fair to assume that the trends would be roughly similar to what we have been seeing during the back half of the year.
Michele Buck: Yes, exactly. That is fair. I think we have always said 1.5 to two of growth we would get from North America and yes, retail takeaway trend is around 2%.
Michele Buck: No, in the fourth quarter, yes, not for - the full-year was always around more 1.5%, because of the time it takes for pricing to build. So we took 2.5% as we mentioned till that hits fully through the year because of price protection timing we expected more like 1.5 on the annual basis to even out the year.
Michele Buck: Sure. So it is not a measured channel non-measured channel. There are a couple different factors going on. So first of all you right, retail takeaways is trending a little bit ahead of shipments in North America and we expected some of this and part of that is tied to the inventory contraction that is associated with our SKU rationalization program. So we knew that shipments will have a little bit of a drag there were shipments would be lighter and takeaway. We also know that as we take price, there is some retailer margin expansion from our price increase, so you do see retail prices go up slightly higher than the Hershey prices. And then some of that is just tied to the timing of that new price increase, because as you know we have got kind of the two price increases, the one from last year that hit, and then the new one, where again retail prices will go up before we see that in our data because of how we manage those price increases and allow a buy-in period.
Michele Buck: Yes, so what we are seeing at retail is very consistent with what our model would indicate. We normally see a conversion timeframe, when we take retail prices up, we see volume goes down, obviously we do a lot of work with one of our programming to mitigate some of that volume declines during that conversion timeframe to bring back the volume even more quickly, but typically in periods of price increase, we do see those volume declines and they are pretty much in-line with all of our elasticity models.
Michele Buck: Yes, I think as you look at the IRI data it can be - there is a little bit of noise in that this year, because of the standup packaging bag transition where we had an overlap of inventories transitioning from the old lay down bags to the stand up bags. So we are always pushing to drive against distribution, getting additional points of distribution and actually additional disruptive placements in-store primarily. So we did have a program at one of our big retailers where we got significantly expanded distribution points around the front end, but it’s a little bit of both, we are expanding some distribution with some customer specific programs, but there is also - it probably looks a little higher in the numbers in the IRI data than actually is just because of that conversion on stand up bags.
Michele Buck: No, I would kind of say it's higher, but not as high as the numbers would show. So there is growth, but it's just not as high as the total IRI looks.
Michele Buck: Yes, we are seeing some good signs there, relatives consumers and I think as consumers are shopping on omni-channel basis we see them in-stores, also looking at the retailers websites, while they are in-store, so we are seeing a lot more of that versus a net shift.
Michele Buck: Yes, so if we look from a channel perspective, we are really seeing growth across most all classes of trade, with the exception of drug which tends to be a little bit soft, particularly given some of the strategies and actions taken focus in that class of trade. I would say particular strength in big box, for sure. In club stores and in the dollar class of trade, but pretty much growth across everything except for drug.
Michele Buck: Absolutely. So we continue to be excited with the growth that we are seeing in that snack bar segment and particularly if you look across total snack bars, and you really dissect that market, you see that the real sweet spot where that has the strongest growth is that high protein, and particularly high protein with low sugar. So I think my first direction would be to kind of dissect within that category to say where is the sweet spot where we think that there really is growth and we certainly think that there is room to have a couple brands that play in that space in the marketplace consistent with other categories. What we really liked about it is, it's very consistent and fits right into our stated desire for scale to growing assets in attractive categories that give us access to incremental snacking occasions. High protein, low sugar it provides on the go convenience, it also gives us a play in the morning snacking occasion where we are underdeveloped. We like a lot that that business has a strong presence and growth in e-commerce and non-traditional channels, which again provides some incrementalality for us and we certainly like the growth rates that we are seeing on this business. We think it fits in a nice sweet spot for us in terms of where we can add value, because there is still a distribution opportunity. So I'd say job one, as we look at growing the business is securing that incremental measured distribution expansion, continuing to build on the brands equity, we like the fact that this asset has good margins that are in-line with Hershey margins and that is one thing that has always been important to us to the kind of businesses that we run best, and then of course we will capture any opportunities for supply chain and procurement synergy. So we see it as a platform that has - our primary focus for growth will be around to close in - at least for the next several years the close in driving against the core. So unlike perhaps some of the other assets in that space where maybe some of their focus is expanding to a lot of other categories. I think there is a lot of upside expanding within snack bars. But then later some opportunity to take that one trademark more broadly in terms of the platform it stands for.
Michele Buck: I mean, we certainly make a lot of bars and that technology of kind of slab and slip is something certainly we do well. So we always take an approach of getting our arms around the business and then looking at how we leverage repatriating for opportunity whenever and if it is appropriate.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say across all of our international markets, we are feeling good and performing well, in most of those markets we are gaining share. For some of my highlights in my opening comments, we feel particularly good about Mexico where we have strong, very strong growth with a real focus on Hershey’s Pelo Rico, but we are seeing growth in India in China. Brazil is really the market that is been challenged given that combination of macroeconomic as well as some competitive activity around deep discounting where we have just made some choices around. Investing additionally, but still being very rational about balance top and bottom line. But I feel good growth and good share progress in all the other markets.
Michele Buck: So we will start to see the pricing come into our P&L mostly as we get into Q1 and flow from there. So Q1 should be a little bit higher, but I would expect on an annual basis, you're going to see similar to what we saw with our last price increase of around 2%. That we will see on an annual basis next year. And it will build we won't get from the second price increase any impact this year. But as we go into next year, you will see that build in the marketplace.
Michele Buck: So our kind of stated strategy around marketing investment is to grow in-line or slightly ahead of our sales growth. So to grow the dollar investment in-line or slightly ahead. There can be some noise around that, because sometimes we are able to get efficiencies in how we are buying and so we can actually get greater impressions than the dollar budget. So it's not always perfect, but I would say that is overall how you should think about it. When we took our spend back from 7%, 7.5% down to 6% there were two key places that the spends really came out of, one was we did start gaining some efficiencies as we started developing some of our creative in-house and also some media efficiencies from very strengthen targeting capabilities. And then we also cut back on some of the smaller emerging brands where we believe that frankly we were over investing beyond what we should. As you look at where we are now and the reinstatement of spend, you will certainly see that in terms of strength behind the core brands, but then also really tapping into unleash some of our smaller brands like a ROLO, HEATH bands that have been around forever, brands that are very stable and with a slight amount of increase in advertising we can drive some significant growth. So that is I would say where the biggest priorities of reinvestment has been.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say, let’s say KRAVE would be an example, some of the emerging brands that we have in our Amplify portfolio. Some of our snack mixes that were in the warehouse isle under the Reese or Hershey trademark, things like that.
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean, I think there are multiple brands that can go to, I think what we always try and focus on with our platform is not spreading it too far. But having it focused on a couple brands where it really makes the most sense. And clearly, if you look at the history of how we have built other platforms in the past and just beside the brands, Reese given its size, will definitely be the largest of opportunities, but I do believe that there can be growth beyond that.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes, happy to take that one. As we talked about the second quarter, and as you said Ken really two pieces there, one mix driven, we were selling a richer mix for us of instant consumable that was a benefit for us and then the inventory build both our inventory build in the second quarter and third-party inventories. We expected to see more of that inventory come down in the third quarter and we got a little bit of that benefit back probably about a third of what we expected. We expect more inventory reduction in the fourth quarter and that is really the reason for the delay. With more inventories we got into the third quarter, both in third-party and ours, it took longer to bleed it out.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, it's a great question. If you look at say the phase for the balance sheet and cash flow today, I think networking capital year-over-year through nine-months is about $10 million drag across all three of those components. And if you stick strap one there, so one sort of clouds up the numbers a little bit. It's just a slight positive cash generator year-over-year, but inside that you're exactly right we have opportunities to be more efficient on working capital. I think inventory in particular is one within our cross years and think about the future. But we do feel they need to be efficient in working capital as one of the sources of funding that helps funding investments and the other thing we want to do with the business. So you can expect we will try to talk more about that as we think about 2020 plans and beyond.
Steve Voskuil: Largely behind us as we exit the third quarter, but there is still inventory that will be getting run down into fourth quarter, some of which was still price protected, I would say largely behind us.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. And I would say - all I would add is by the end of the year we expect those two to tighten up between shipments and take away.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I mean our full-year gross margin guidance isn't unchanging. We kind of said in the order of 100 basis points year-over-year, and we are just sort of tracking to that. I'd say there is nothing new relative to commodities versus price, we are playing out the way we expected, again because we have got the hedging program against some of the commodities that smooths out and give some forward visibility, so not a lot of change there. I don't know if that answers your question.
Steve Voskuil: And Nick on the commodity side. Obviously we are watching commodity prices very closely as we put together our plans for 2020. Hedging gives us some visibility. I think probably the biggest takeaway across that group is that as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we have got a tailwind this year on Coco. But if you look at the Coco prices today versus the last 12 to 24 months they are higher and so at minimum, we are not likely to have a tailwind in 2020 that we have been able to enjoy this year on Coco. Hedging will help to smooth out that transition and we will get more guidance on commodities in general as we get closer to 2020.
