Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's first quarter 2017 conference call. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO will provide you with an overview of results which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2016 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income, prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as a key metric for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss first quarter 2017 results excluding net pre-tax charges of $216.6 million, or $0.71 per share diluted, which are primarily related to business realignment cost and long-lived asset impairment charges. These charges are defined in the appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Michele Buck.
Mark K. Pogharian: This was all planned to be the driver of Q1 no matter how the box started the year. I think looking out over the remaining parts of the year and where the in-store merchandising and programming from S'mores to the innovation, that all comes the remainder of the way. So I think we feel pretty good about that.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yeah. And I'd add if you remember on March 1st that we talked about 2018, and we just talked about looking at the most productive SKUs and do we need to have all these different pack-types out there. We said, no. It could be a little bit of a headwind in 2018. We're, actually – there's a little bit in 2017 less than what we had expected from 2018. But to your point, that's how we're thinking about it.
Mark K. Pogharian: Well, great. That's all we have operator. We'll thank everybody for joining us for today's call, and we'll be available for any follow up questions you may have.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thanks so much for joining us today. And like I said earlier, we're available for any follow-up questions you may have.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. The overall year-over-year increase is primarily driven by the efficiency and cost savings initiatives that our supply chain is delivering for us in COGS. The change between what we gave guidance to you on a few weeks ago, the biggest driver of that is the lower expectations around input cost inflation.
Patricia A. Little: Thanks, Alexia, it's Patricia. Let me talk about the input cost first. So, as you know, we hedge a number of our input costs, our commodity basket out somewhere between 3 months and 24 months. We don't hedge all of them. There a few commodities for which there is not a good market to do that and those obviously flow-through directly in the year. So it's a mix of both of the pieces that you're talking about. And that's what we're seeing come through that allowed us to raise our gross margin guidance.
Patricia A. Little: On the price realization, you definitely saw the biggest impact of that in the first quarter. As Michele said, we're lapping some heavier direct trades that we put in, in the U.S. We're also not seeing a repeat of a lot of trade and recurrent discounts and allowances that we had in China last year. So the biggest impact of that price realization is absolutely in the first quarter and we would expect it to moderate over the rest of the year.
Patricia A. Little: I'll go ahead and tackle those. So what we said is that we would expect improvement in our operating margin to be about half COGS and about half SG&A. And we're on track to continue to deliver that. Yes, I would expect that, overall, the tax rate, all things being equal in the tax world to be sustainable going forward.
Patricia A. Little: Hi, Pablo, it's Patricia. I'll answer that. We continue to stay very close in monitoring all the proposals for tax reform out there. In terms of the border adjustment tax, specifically, the vast majority, over 85% of our U.S. product is sourced here in the U.S. We really want to do that to provide the freshest product sourced closest to our consumer. And that's an important part of satisfying our customer and our consumer. As I said, we keep close look at all of our responses that would happen to any kind of tax reform. Frankly, without any details out there, it's hard to know what we would actually do. But we have a lot of contingency plans in the event that something does come out. In terms of your question about J.P., no, we would never comment on the Trust. That's a separate entity from us.
Patricia A. Little: Thanks. Yeah, we are anticipating lower gross sales in China. And that would be a combination of competitive activity but also the overall impulse category in China and the way that's being addressed by the modern trade in particular. As Michele has laid out, we have a lot of change going on in our go-to-market model in China, looking at different brands, distribution models, cities, channels. And we expect that that will have some impact in our business in China for the rest of the year.
Patricia A. Little: And in terms of the cost base, that came online April 1st of last year. So that impact will be getting smaller going forward or really going away in terms of fixed cost absorption.
Michele G. Buck: Absolutely. So as you know, we work closely with all of our retail customer partners. And I think we mentioned last July that we were partnering with CVS on some of the work that they were doing around evolving their store layouts. And we partner with all of our retailers along those lines. And March 1st, we mentioned a different customer we're also working with those efforts on. I guess how I would tell you to think about it is, we service a broad range of retail customers. They all have very different strategies. And as some of our customer partners are making certain decisions on portfolio regarding store layout or front end, we have other of our customer partners who are actually looking to add incremental space behind confection, who are looking to take some other non-durable goods off the front end and put increased consumables and edibles; either overall at the front of store or as they have built their self checkouts and they hadn't yet built impulse around those. So we feel good about the growth we're seeing in the marketplace in indulgent categories. And if you look at the growth in categories, in indulgence and better-for-you, we're seeing growth across both and we have several customers who are really looking to leverage that growth.
Michele G. Buck: Thanks, David. No, I would say two things. First of all, if you think about year-to-date, a large part of the acceleration of growth was driven by Easter. So, Easter is a big piece of what you see year-to-date. At the same time, we really look at the impact of the slowdown that we saw in the total box in Q1. And we saw that have an impact on everyday. So as we look at the balance of the year, we are looking for our everyday business to accelerate. And we believe that that takes to make for the back half of the year is very achievable. We'll be looking at ensuring we have adequate investments. So we'll actually have some higher levels of spending in the back part of the year to drive that acceleration in the form of advertising. And we feel good about that. But a lot of it is that Easter, the big boost in Easter and we really are looking and calling for an acceleration of everyday as we go into the back part of the year.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. If you – without getting in too many specifics, if you think about that year-to-date performance, you would see seasonal items grew about double digits. So think about that in that double-digit range. And if you look at our non-seasonal core power brands, kind of the biggest five brands, they were up mid-single digits. So, obviously, there was a little bit of softness across some of the non-core piece of our portfolio. But really double-digit growth on seasonal is what's a big component of 2.5%.
Michele G. Buck: Yes, that's right. So in the first quarter, trade was down as we lapped some incremental trade merchandising that we had shared with you last year. We made some big investments in incremental trade. And as we have constantly worked to optimize our blend across trade and advertising, we made some different decisions this year. And yes, our advertising expense was closer to flat in Q1. And as we go out to the balance of the year, we'll see increases.
Michele G. Buck: So, we have continued to see some very strong growth on barkTHINS as we are still in the process of driving against expanding distribution and gaining trial amongst consumers on that franchise. So, I would say given the big piece of the growth curve that we're on, on that business; we've continued to see very strong growth there. And I think we mentioned that it was a pretty significant piece of growth for us in Q1. And as I look at KRAVE, we're continuing to feel good about the momentum that we are seeing there. So we've continued to gain share. We feel good about where velocities are. Like any new brand, we're learning in terms of really optimizing how we make sure that we drive that hardest in the right – to the right consumers and into the right channels. So, in some cases, we overextended distribution, and we've right-sized that a bit. But we continued to see very nice growth there.
Michele G. Buck: So – yeah. Our consumption and retail takeaway does not have to be at 2.5 points. So we're actually planning for the takes to make there to be less than that, closer to slightly below 2 points.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah, exactly. In line with the takes to make on that sales end. And we anticipate that generally, our net sales and our takeaway are directionally pretty in line. So you're right that we had a big benefit in shipments in Q4 behind Cookie Layer Crunch. But as we look out to the back half of the year, across all the quarters, we think that we'll be relatively in line, plus or minus in that 0.5 point range.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. That's a great question. I mean, obviously, we can't speak directly to pricing or any kind of foreshadowing around the pricing piece. But I would say that we think about all of those as very viable levers and probably even more so today than we did in the past. So I think you're right that price mix is something we aggressively have our teams focused on, which we can drive through, focus on pack-types, focus on channels, build it into the innovation. And I think perhaps that's a lever that we have not used as aggressively in the past. We've spoken to you before about our whole focus on strategic revenue growth management and a lot of that as well is about really maximizing that net price realization by really, really scrutinizing all of the investments we make in trade and getting the value equation right on every pack-type and brand. So, we're putting more focus there than we have in the past.
Michele G. Buck: Well, I guess I'd say if I think about the first part of the year, I'd look and say Easter drove a lot of sales. And there is some sourcing from Easter across the base portfolio. So, I think it's hard to look just at the everyday business trends because there's interaction there with Easter. Certainly, I feel good about the fact that we have increased consumer investment as we go into the rest of the year, because we know that our category is very responsive. We continue to get very strong lift, and I feel really good that that combined with the very strong innovation that we have this year and customers are very excited about consumers are – are really going to help to drive consumers to the category and really boost the everyday business.
Michele G. Buck: So I would say, Pablo, we continue to see, if you at look category growth of various snack categories across the store that there is strong growth. There's growth in indulgence and there's also growth in health and wellness. So I don't know that I see a greater acceleration. We always start with the consumer in mind. And we are delighted to delight consumers with our indulgent portfolio. At the same time, we've been a leader in choice and transparency, and we always want to provide options to consumers. Now our Hershey's Kiss was one of the first forms of portion control at 25 calories for a Kiss. We led the smart labeling initiative in the industry. So we are just constantly evolving and updating our portfolio to help to meet consumer needs as best possible.
Michele G. Buck: Yes, it was. It was consistent with the total box. If you look at every category in the box, the trend was the same across the board. And as we mentioned in the comments, we think that there – I think everybody's been looking to say, okay, what was that factor that really drove that across the board, and common thinking tends to be the tax refund delay had a big impact. There were some lapping issues on a year-to-year basis. And then there's some continued pressures. But we feel good that we still see a rebound in March really. And we are focused on watching that very closely going forward.
Michele G. Buck: Thanks for the question. Yeah, we continue to feel really good with the programs that we have on the core brands. And so I think in terms of the continuing the growth on something like Reese's, it is continuing the news. And some of our incremental investments in advertising towards the back part of the year will be made against those core brands to continue to leverage the momentum. And then at the same time, we are absolutely focused on turning around and accelerating our growth trajectory on some of the other pieces of portfolio, namely on the non-chocolate sweets area. So we will be increasing our investment there. Although at the same time, we've right-sized those brands a bit. So as Mark mentioned, SKU rationalization, there are some areas where we have extended those brands and we had items in the marketplace that just weren't productive or profitable. And so we made a decision to take the hit on pulling back on some of that. But we do have teams very focused on accelerating the growth there. And I think that's an opportunity for us going forward.
Michele G. Buck: No. I don't really think it's not as well-positioned. I would say, I think that we have opportunities to just fix our execution on that piece of the portfolio. There was a little bit more competition from smaller players last year where they went really aggressively on price. Some of the things that we weren't willing to do given our focus on margin. So I really think it's more about what we do versus that there's any kind of consumer trend issue there.
Michele G. Buck: Sure. So, let me start, and then I'll transfer it over to Patricia. There is almost no – there is no shipment impact from that timing of Easter. I mean, we shipped almost nothing in terms of Easter into the second quarter. So that's not an issue at all. And relative to the write-offs, we feel great about Malaysia. So the write-offs that we talked about are not at all related to Malaysia.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. We still feel good that we're in positive territory. Yeah, the quarters always come in a little bit different depending on the promotion and innovation calendar. But there's nothing that we'd be fallen off that kind of a cliff in the second quarter.
Michele G. Buck: So as part of our Margin for Growth and Margin Expansion Program, we've started immediately in terms of taking the necessary steps to reset our investment in that marketplace and make some of the tough decisions. At the same time, the local teams have built very focused plans in terms of where we are focusing to grow and build a sustainable business model. So we are focused on multiyear program. But beginning now to really focus on a couple of key provinces on our core portfolio and on a profitable mix of brands across the portfolio. As you all know, the cost structure in some of the channels in China have changed and so we are shifting to more profitable channels and really try to capture some of the growth both in the second and third tier cities as well as e-commerce. So it's a multi-year program that's underway now and I'd say we can continue to update you as the year goes on.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. I mean, I think for competitive purposes, we prefer not to go into all of the details. But we can give some thoughts to you, what we can share that might help you as you're building your model.
Michele G. Buck: We see – we've done very well with online e-commerce in China. As it's a big piece of the marketplace, it's been a nice growth driver for our business. We've continued to see nice growth there and it is clearly amongst the channels, probably our number one area of focus from a channel perspective in that marketplace. So we have – we've built some infrastructure and that will continue to be a place that we'll want to invest in China going forward as in the U.S.
