Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company's first quarter 2014 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Dave Tacka, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I, will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome all of you listening via the web cast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2012 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted or pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2014 first quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $13.4 million or $0.04 per share diluted, related to the net acquisition and transaction costs, primarily associated with Shanghai Golden Monkey, project Next Century, and non-service-related pension income. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
Mark Pogharian: Ladies and gentlemen, Mark Pogharian here. We apologize for the technical difficulty. We believe JP, you got cut off. When JP started his remarks related to international commentary. So we will pick it up from there, and just the moment. Again, we apologize for the delay, and, please be patient while we pick up. JP, I will now turn it back to you, if you start with your international commentary.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you JP and Dave for your remarks. For everybody on the line and the web cast, we again apologize for the technical difficulty this morning. But, out of the respect to a lot of you, couple of other peers that are reporting this morning and holding conference calls, just so we can facilitate time here, we would ask that you please limit yourselves to one question. Thank you, and operator, we will now open it up for Q&A.
Mark Pogharian: And I would say too Matt, even if you continue to look your IRI and Nielsen data, you just don't see a lot of positive or negative price in that category, which would help answer your question as well of what's really going on. I mean, as JP alluded to, there is just a lot of activity in the first quarter, which is what we expected in news, coming into this year.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you very much for joining us for today's conference call. Again, we apologize for the technical difficulties, and Sergio Flores and I will be available to take any follow-up calls that you may have. Thank you very much.
John Bilbrey: Okay. Thank you everyone for your patience, and I am going to have to move here in the room, as we continue to make some adjustments, so please bear with us. So assuming that you can hear me now, I will pick up with our international comments. Outside of the U.S. and Canada, international results were mixed. China continues to be a standout, net sales increased mid-teens on a percentage basis versus last year, and exceeded plan. In China, Hershey continues to be one of the fastest growing international chocolate companies. For the three months ended February, chocolate category growth accelerated, driven by gifting and the timing of the holiday in Chinese New Year season. As a result, our chocolate retail takeaway of about 50%, was more than double the category growth rate of almost 20%. Our seasonal sell-through was solid, as evidenced by a 2.3 point share gain and overall, China chocolate share of 10.1%. Reese's testing and expansion continues and we are pleased with what we continue to learn. The Team continues to refine the messaging, based on what we have learnt to-date, and we will apply these best practices during a broader roll out later this year. In Mexico, our year-to-date chocolate market share and the Modern Trade increased 1.1 points. However, category growth slowed to start the year, given Easter timing, the VAT tax, and a sluggish economy, that is impacting consumer purchasing power and confidence. As a result, Mexico Modern Trade chocolate category sales declined about 1%. This represents a slowdown versus the low double digit growth in 2013. Given these headwinds, we expect Mexico net sales growth to be pressured this year. In Brazil, local currency net sales were a bit below our plan and year ago, as volume elasticity related to a price increase was greater than anticipated. Year-to-date, the chocolate category, the Modern Trade declined 4.9%, due to the timing of Easter. We primarily participate in the tablet/bar and chocolate snack subsegments, and the categories declined here as well. However, Hershey tablet/bar and chocolate snacks retail takeaway was up, and we gained share. We expect our business in Brazil to accelerate over the remainder of the year on a local currency basis, and be up low double digits. We have a good foundation in our key international markets. We are building on our go-to-market capabilities, driving trial and repeat and gaining market share. We are focused on the long term, and not guided by the impacts of foreign currency exchange rates, which is the factor on [ph], while we'd most likely see international net sales growth of around 15% in 2014. I am pleased with the progress we are making. There are exciting things happening in our focus markets, and we remain on-track towards the aspirational goals, and we have shared with you over the last year. Now to wrap up. We were not pleased with our overall performance in the first quarter. However, core brand merchandising, programming, innovation and advertising accelerates, and is expected to generate solid net sales growth over the remaining three quarters. As a result, we continue to expect 2014 full year net sales growth of 5% to 7%, and a 9% to 11% increase in adjusted earnings per share diluted. I will now turn it over to Dave, who will provide some additional financial details.
John Bilbrey: I think Rob, the way to think about it is that, we have really taken a look at some of the secondary brands that we have been supporting, and we have limited some of our advertising there. On our core brands, there really isn't any reduction, and in fact, advertising GRPs would be increased on a couple of levels. One, the dollar spend against core, because of moving some of that mix around. And then the other thing is, is in GRP efficiency. So as we become a more scaled purchaser, one of the things that's happening is that, we also are more efficient. So if you really look at GRPs against those core brands, and against the new item initiatives that we have, we really feel as though we are executing against the strong plan, and what we need. And of course, we will continue to assess that as we go forward. But that's how I think you might want to think about that, and then the other thing with innovation, you also have then stronger consumer events there as well, which we need to support. So we really feel as though, we have got a solid plan.
John Bilbrey: No I think -- well first of all, your assessment is absolutely right, and in fact, in the first quarter, we saw with new item introduction, as well as some other strong support from competitors. The absolute advertising level in the category was significantly higher than it has been. So our advertising was higher as well, but not as high as some of the competitive initiatives. So I think, as others move into higher advertising spends, that's something that we have to be cognizant of. I think a lot of that however was really in support of what was happening with new item introductions, and then of course, with Easter being later, some of that advertising also -- for us, also falls into April as well. But your point is noted.
John Bilbrey: Dave and I will take that, it’s a two-part; and the first part is we don't talk about or speculate around what we think pricing will be in the category. But what I would say is, as you have heard us say before, we will continue to be a gross margin focused organization, it would be tough to necessarily have the levels of gross margin expansion we had in 2013, but we continue to be very gross margin focused, and then from a commodity perspective, I will let Dave make any comment he feels appropriate.
John Bilbrey: Well I think first of all, philosophically, we want to make sure that we are fully supporting our brands against the strategies that we have articulated. There are brands, which we have chosen to not support, that we have been supporting, or reduce some support. So again, I think that, that's a decision driven by analytics, and its a good decision. And then, we really feel as though, based on the ROIs and what we know at this point in time, that we are fully supporting those brands, and then our innovation in the second half. If there were to be a material change in the category, we are very committed to being brand builders, then we would assess that as we would believe appropriate.
John Bilbrey: Eric, to just put clarification around that. So one is a sales number, and the others were off-take numbers, during that period of time. So those would be what the difference is, but those are -- and remember with Chinese New Year and so forth, you get -- some of that shipment is actually, would have been in the fourth quarter of last year, and then the off-take really is happening in the quarter. So that's why you would see differences in that, and Mark can help you with greater detail around that. And then, if you look at the other markets, in local currency, we made good progress in Brazil, but the real, hurt us on FX. You had some of that in Mexico and Canada as well. So on a local currency basis, in both Brazil and Canada, we felt good about our progress, but FX hurt us a little bit more there.
John Bilbrey: I think, the way that I would think about it is, if you look over an extended period of time, the category has been pretty unelastic, and so its 50% volume and 50% price realization historically in the category. As we have crossed price thresholds, which we always watch very-very closely. Our experience has been pretty positive, that the category digests that pricing. So the category in general, I think, has demonstrated its ability to again be pretty accessible and affordable, and that really has sort of won the day. And then there is a couple of things to think about, in terms of how companies may think about pricing, is obviously there is a commodities element, and then there is an element of how you invest in the business, and I don't think its exclusively one or the other, but we look at both of those. And I think both of those things are intrical to how you would think about that particular topic, and that's probably -- Andrew, I don't know if that satisfies you, but that's probably about as far as I can go on that.
John Bilbrey: Well if you think about the innovation we have this year, its actually spread across our different segments of the business, and so, you will see the appropriate amount of advertising supporting a broad piece of the portfolio, but appropriately, you will see it supporting the new initiatives. Then you have Lancaster and spreads, which really just started in February and we are building distribution there. So you will see strong support for those, as we go throughout the year, we feel very good about our distribution progress. We have had a coupon drop, and we should continue to build on our merchandising and then advertising support for both of those as well. So those will be brands that are supported. And just to be clear, coming back, the support on our core brands continues to grow. So a lot of that growth again is out of GRP purchase efficiency, and it is not making a choice, not to advertise on some secondary brands. And if you recall historically, we have talked about how we like to rotate across those brands, so that's also money that comes back against the core.
John Bilbrey: I think the way to think about it is, it doesn't mean that we would not be supporting those brands. I think in a couple of instances, those -- there may be some other brands that you talked about, that have ended up playing more of a niche role, than maybe we would have hoped at one point in time. Then, in the case of bliss, it’s a meaningful brand, and within a position, but that whole trade-up space has sort of evolved over time. And so it doesn't mean that we wouldn't support a brand like Bliss, but we are in an environment where we believe making choices is important and these brands will evolve and consumers will ultimately decide, how they do.
John Bilbrey: No, let me talk about kind of -- le make a broad statement here about the quarter. So first all, you have the timing of Easter being three weeks later. So there is just a lot of noise in the data. Yet, strong competitive program, it included new items, and also increased advertising. Our plan, as you point out, is much more back-half loaded than it was before. So even though we had introductions with -- kick out many, as you have spreads, you have Lancaster, all of those are currently building. And then you have anomalies in the consumer purchasing pattern. So all of those things clearly had an influence, I wouldn't focus on one much more than the other. As we look at weekly data, and as I've said to you guys many times, I don't get overly enamored by weekly data. But I guess in this case, what I would tell you is, I continue to be encouraged that our hypothesis around the quarter and the things that we are describing to you, I feel good about, because as we look at the weekly data, it continues to strengthen and in fact, in the latest weekly data on year-to-date basis, our total CMG share has turned positive, which again, gives me confidence that as I talk to retailers, consumers seem to be back in stores, I can't comment on for anybody, what their spending is. But it appears to feel as though, some of the trips issues, some of the basket mix etcetera, I am more comfortable calling it an anomaly. I do believe going forward, there is some degree of bifurcation in the total consumer environment, but we will sort that out for all CPG, as we go forward. But I am just feeling a lot better, as I see some of this weekly data come in that we have called this about right.
John Bilbrey: You know, I actually would tell you that I continue to be very positive on the category, especially on the chocolate segment across just about all of these markets, and I think that, we are going to have some of these different dynamics, the real got awfully strong, unusually strong from my historical experience, and now its moving the other direction. So I think as we look at, what do we believe are the right plans within a given market? Do we feel on a local currency basis, we are managing our business correctly for the long term? And then, we have a relatively modest sized business in a country like Brazil, and with that being the case, sometimes when you have negatives from a translation standpoint, the impact is accentuated. So we sometimes probably have that as a bit of a greater influence, on how those numbers come out. But I continue to feel good about the progress, the distribution we are building across the country and our brand portfolio there. I think for our company, part of what you see there may be less macro and a little bit more unique to us, given the size of our business there.
John Bilbrey: If you looked at just trips in general and you went back to about June-July 2013, you could start to see a change in the frequency of trips and then the distances people drove from their home to do their primary shopping, and so that was one of the reasons the food channel is an example, continue to do a little bit better, as people got a higher percentage of their primary trip there, and so, that was one of the influences. It continued through the fall and into the first quarter, and what we observed, as we look at total store data and household panel data etcetera, is that the mix in the basket changed. So you got a little bit greater focus on staples versus instant consumables. If you think about people who may have been impacted by the weather, and then when we saw differences across the country, if weather wasn't an issue versus whether being an issue. And then you also have changes in some of the government programs that people had to adjust to and figure out what that meant for them. And so I think this concept of bifurcation also is an issue in terms of how people build their basket. And so, there was just a lot of moving parts in what we believe we are seeing is a bit of an emergence from that, where things, both in terms of traffic, primary shopping, outlets, as well as mix of the basket, is returning to what we might call a more historical norm. I think the trips data of course will continue to follow and see if you know that changes and it comes back. But those are really some of the influences that were in that comment.
David Tacka: As we said, we are seeing slightly higher commodity costs, particularly dairy as we look at 2014. But we do have good visibility on our cost basket other than dairy for 2014, and we will be addressing 2015 later in the year.
David Tacka: Eric, the profile for international will probably be very similar to last year, where you get much greater part of the growth in the second half.
David Tacka: Well the biggest chunk of the gross margin change is in fact the dairy outlook. There are some impacts around the sales mix, which are principally in the first quarter, and we have programming very well set for the balance of the year, and so we think that we are in the right place on that and we have a good view of the commodity cost, with the exception of dairy.
David Tacka: Okay. Well I guess, we feel very good about the balance sheet. We have a very strong balance sheet, and as we look at -- and we had about $1 billion in cash at the end of the quarter. As we look at both our cash and our debt capacity, our priority first continues to be to grow, and so we are continuing to look at M&A opportunities, and we are also investing in capital to support our business growth. We have got new plant under construction in Malaysia, and we will have some additional need for additional volume as our business grows. So our number one priority for cash and debt continues to be growth, and we expect that to be M&A and also to be the capital investments. Our second priority is dividends. We have a policy of about 50% dividend pay out of our earnings, and so that's where we would go. And then third, we would go to share buyback. We buy back what is exercised in options, and as I reported, we bought back a bit over $200 million in the first quarter for replenishing option exercises and we also have $125 million on an old authorization, and an additional $250 million on a new authorization that we did earlier in the year, and we expect to be making progress against those, as we go through the year. But that's kind of our priorities, first is growth, second is dividend and then we will buy back shares after that.
