John Bilbrey: Yes. Terry, we believe Air Delight will not only be largely incremental. But if you even look back at Minis and Drops, we felt very good about the contribution it's made to our overall growth profile this year. And in fact, as we said, there will be some years where we're going to do a little bit better than others. We really look in our growth algorithm to have about 1 point of growth coming from innovation. And what's happened for us, it's very, very positive, is that both Minis and Drops have exceeded our expectations. And we want to make sure that even though we have a robust pipeline of innovation, we want to make sure that we're supporting that innovation on a going basis. And so carrying that one forward and the same with Air Delight, we would expect both of those to give a strong performance.
John Bilbrey: Certainly, we expect volume to be up for the year. The only -- the differentiator that we're making, obviously, the first quarter had the Easter and we're all familiar with that. And volume will be driven all year, but we will get the elasticity impact of the price increase. But for the year, we do expect volume to be up.
John Bilbrey: Sure. Let me just take a bit of a step back and go through several of the things that we've said, which I think will continue to be consistent. But obviously, the strong North American business is fundamental to our success. It's the engine that makes so many things for us possible. We really want to continue to expand our geographic footprint outside of the U.S. And when we talk about that, we're really talking about the most attractive markets for us where we can get growth, where there's, what I would call, lower cost of entry. There's not consolidated trade, not necessarily as consolidated the competitive set. And if the story is still really in the front of us in terms of overall market growth. So expanding our geographic footprint outside of North America, we continue to look at Mexico, China, Brazil, India and then, of course, Latin America and Asia would be the way we describe those as regions. The third pillar is to build a consumer relevant portfolio in both confections and as appropriate adjacencies that can also give us capabilities like distribution, and also could include everything from healthy snack bars and convenience all the way through nutritional beverages that might focus on dairy and proteins. So we're also very interested in looking at a broader portfolio. Innovation continues to be very, very important to us. And then we're going to look for ways to accelerate that growth both organically. So in China, we continue to expand our organization today and then, obviously, via acquisition or joint ventures, whichever is appropriate. So as you make the comment around accelerating growth, certainly, we have that at the top of our mind. Just commenting briefly on India. First of all, we have a great deal of respect for Adi Godrej and the Godrej family of companies. We think India is an important market and we'll continue to participate in the Indian market. How we participate there could potentially look different, but we feel very good about the potential of our businesses in India.
John Bilbrey: Well, I think that it's really parallel paths, so we continue to work on our businesses every day to make good choices and expand the business model that we think is replicable. And then we have a very extensive filter that we use to assess companies. And if we believe that there's one that's appropriate, or multiple companies that were appropriate, we'll run that through our normal process. And we're always open minded to that.
John Bilbrey: Well, I think the thing that I would emphasize -- so first of all, let me start by saying yes. And the reason I say yes, it's important to reflect on what we've said about being a knowledge-based company where we're really going to be consumer-insight focused, really try to understand where our brands fair within the overall demand landscape. And so we're not going to be doing what we may at one time lovingly called stuff where we just had pretty rapid introduction of things and then they were falling out as fast as they were going in. Pieces continues to do very well. There is certainly interaction with the new -- the introductions that we've made. But they're doing well. And I'd also --there's a couple that you didn't mention Jolly Rancher Awesome Twosome is doing well and our IB Frost is also doing well. And I go back to my earlier comment, we want to really make sure that we're supporting each of these initiatives to make them successful over time. And in this kind of economic environment, one of the things that's obvious and we've certainly learned is our retailers have precious dollars to spend, and we need to make sure that each of these innovations are as productive for them as they are for us. So churn is certainly not something people are looking for, but real news around real brands that are sustainable.
John Bilbrey: Well, I think the gum segment had a lot of innovation, a lot of news. And that would certainly -- driving the business to test for all of us, of course, is what the velocity per SKU is on an ongoing basis. But we feel good about our mint business, so we have a #1 position in mints. Mint grew very nicely for us from a share standpoint and contributed nicely. In fact, retail takeaway for us in FDMxCw, our mint was up over 13%. So we feel good about the things we're doing there. There's nice price realization for the retail and us in that category.
John Bilbrey: Yes. Let me first talk a little bit about the International businesses. As you know, we don't break those businesses out separately. But if I refer back to the remarks I made earlier, at CAGNY, we were saying that in order to get to $1 billion in business, we were going to need to grow at about a 15% rate, and we've really been growing closer to 20% to 25%, and so we feel very good about that. Every one of our markets contributed to that growth and they were an important part of the growth of the overall company within the quarter. So we were very satisfied with the position of the businesses we have. I can tell you I'm very committed. With a number of my other colleagues, uniquely, I'm the first CEO of the company that started by running the International businesses at Hershey, I had a chance to run North America. So I've got a lot of sweat like a lot of other people in those markets. And I'm excited to see what we're doing organically, but I'm not satisfied that, that's going to be enough for us. And so we are going to try to accelerate our growth there to a number of different efforts. As you look at the back half of the year and, of course, the U.S. business is a significant percentage of our business, we have a good understanding of what we've sold in given the nature of the seasonality of the business, so you have Halloween, you have holidays significantly in there. And the other thing that may not be as obvious is the category slowed a little bit over the last 4 and 8 weeks. And so on some level, I think it's important none of us get out over our skis there as well. So the second half profile is simply very different than the first half. It's far more predictable, price points have been protected and seasonal, 2/3 of the seasonal business occurs in the second half. And that's not affected by pricing so you won't have the price realization affecting the dollar sales there. So those would be a couple of comments I would make around the profile of the business. And then I would just tell you that our International businesses, we hope continue to contribute at greater and greater levels.
John Bilbrey: Well, let me make a couple of comments. First, Dave was great boss and he was certainly a great friend, he did a great job of leading the company. So in a number of ways, I hope there is some similarities, or at least if I'm smart, I should claim some. But there's really probably a couple of things to think about. First of all, Dave and I worked really closely together, and in many ways, because of the way he was so collaborative, we were co-architects of the number of things that we're doing. But there's really a couple of different areas where we might be different. And first, if you look at my background, after a foundation of kind of classical training at Procter & Gamble for 22 years, I spent a significant portion of my career working and living outside of North America and mostly in developing and emerging markets. So that's certainly one way we're different and so I probably think about those things differently than some people. In the second -- real difference is that I grew up in the business in commercial roles, and I began my career in sales. And both of this had a chance, I think, over the years touched most parts of the business through a number of different roles. So we both had really broad-based experiences in the business. So while we have slightly different paths, I'd say that we both have broad experiences in operating roles. Certainly, I'm probably, by default, more focused on some of the commercial and brand-building initiatives that we have, and I kind of like to describe myself pretty much as a general businessman. And I love the International businesses and the roles they can play in creating balance for the business. So I'm very committed to seeing the company, if I look back on what I hope to be able to leave as a legacy is that we've got the right international footprint and portfolio for the next areas of growth. And that's how I'm going to spend a lot of my time.
John Bilbrey: Well, I can probably ought to let Bert say that, but I assume that if we get the right level of scale, certainly, that's where it would take us.
John Bilbrey: First, what I would say is that the write-off for impairment you're talking about actually was in the previous period not this period. And I want to make sure that I'm not making too many comments around our joint venture relationship, it's just a matter of policy, we frankly don't do that. Certainly we've done our share of learning in India, but we think that the brands and the position that the joint venture offers us certainly is a good starting point. So I'm not going to make comments to predict anything about that particular relationship, but what I would come back to you and say is that we continue to believe India is a great market. It's a market we want to participate in. I think the story in India is a longer one than, say, compared to a China. So I think patience is going to certainly be a virtue there, getting it right. Many of our brands there are co-branded between Godrej and Hershey. And one of our largest brands there, Mahallato [ph], which is a chocolate sugar confectionery type brand, is one that we probably made some positioning errors, I would say, in changing sizes and some things that didn't work to our advantage when we were in an increasing sugar cost environment. We've reversed those. We had a very good second quarter. The business had a lot of traction. And we felt good about that. So those are just a couple of comments I would make there around the Indian business. But we like the market certainly.
John Bilbrey: Well, as a matter of company policy, we don't comment on M&A or acquisition by others. Certainly, we were aware Hsu Fu Chi and we are very excited about our potential in China, and one acquisition by another company certainly doesn't change our outlook on the market. And as you know that company had a number of different pieces to it. So what I would tell you is, is that we continue to have our head down in China looking for opportunities and we're growing nicely there.
John Bilbrey: Well, let me just kind of give you an FDMxC view on what we're seeing in terms of the category. If you look at the 4 weeks ending in June 11, we saw the category was up about 2.3%. It bumped up a little bit higher than at the end of 7, 9 and then if you really do a weighted average of the last 8 weeks, it's about plus 3.3% and the category had been running a little bit higher above 4% prior to that period of time. So we're just seeing a little bit of moderation there.
John Bilbrey: Yes. First of all, as you know, The Hershey Company has been active in the category captain for a number of our retailers for a long period of time. And IDP is one element of the next generation of category management, but it's really even broader than that. But what would really be great is that sometime when we're altogether we can talk in more depth around IDP because it's going to be a fundamental piece of our business going forward for a long time. So we could do a justice in that environment probably more so than the call. But what it really does is it establishes a different kind of relationship, where we're talking far more from a longer-term strategic standpoint about how do we create and yield demand opportunities between shoppers and consumers. It really links retailer strategies with our category strategies. And then it enables us to invest in research that's mutually beneficial to all of us based on some of the insights that we have. So a lot of the spend we have rather than going up ourselves and say we're going to go learn about consumers and then go tell somebody about it, and there's a transaction. This is really a collaborative approach where we really make decisions around those investment dollars. Together we decide what the research looks like and it's a far more harmonized in strategic relationship and it's longer-term or some of the things we agree to do, we're doing over time. So that by the time you get to the point of, the items you're going to sell, the innovations you're going to make, they're well understood by everyone, and it's less about the transaction, and it's more about the next logical step and solutions you're providing to both consumers and also to shoppers. So it's really been a powerful tool for us because it's changed the dialogue we're having with a number of customers, and it's changed our role in the store in some instances, and they go even beyond our category, but certainly benefiting our category as well. So we're excited about it. It's the way we run the company and it's part of us creating scale around intellectual capital and being a knowledge-based organization.
John Bilbrey: Jon, there's a couple of interesting things that might get to a bit of your question. But interestingly, both chocolate and non-chocolate over the last quarter have seen increases in household penetration. So chocolates had a 1.1 point increase in household penetration, chocolates been about the same. If you look at the balance of the snacking categories without calling out anything specific, those 2 would certainly be at the top. The other thing that's interesting is that we're seeing is that trips for buyer and dollars spent also in our category is doing quite well. And then also in terms of the total dollars spend, we're seeing that being the same actually. And so, with increased frequency, that's one of the things that's really helping us. You'll probably see that more within convenience early than any place else. But in terms of again, the robustness of the category, it really puts us in the pretty advantage place and some of that data is quite encouraging.
John Bilbrey: Well, let me take the first question. We don't put a specific time line around what those businesses would look like. What we're really focused in is having the right business model in place, investing in the brands and ensuring that we're committed. So there's been some times in the past we've had forays into some markets, but I would say that our commitment level hasn't been as high as it should. And then, of course, how you do it is important as well. Whether you're doing organically, whether you have an acquisition that's attractive from the very beginning, or sometimes joint ventures offer some of those benefits as well. So it really would be almost impossible to talk about it in term of timing. I really think about in terms of making the profitable investment -- making the appropriate investments and brand building. And we talked a lot about a disciplined approach. Don't read that as a timid approach but read it as a very thoughtful and balanced approach to ensuring that we're building a solid portfolio for our business. The second point around premium is the premium segment is about 6% of the total Chocolate business. We think it's important to participate in premium, as premium is looking as though it's starting to grow little bit again, but recall in trade-up in premium, it's about flat. 90% of the volume is really for the category and the mix of our wheelhouse and we've continued to really insure that we've made investments that are sustaining on those brands first. But going forward, we continue to think about the importance of premium, and we'll participate there.
John Bilbrey: Thank you for joining us for today's conference call. Matt Miller and I will be available the rest of the day for any follow-up questions that you may have. Thank you.
Humberto Alfonso: I'm sorry, the only thing I would add to that is, the comment around Drops and Minis was really more reflective of fourth quarter, which is when we launched it last year. But everything that's been said about Air Delight is absolutely true. In terms of the point that you around price utilization, we did mention that it was a little bit higher in the second quarter than we anticipated. But if you think about our third quarter, which is when we shipped almost all of our Halloween and even some of our holiday, it has the largest seasonal component. And so we've said in the past that price utilization would come more toward the end of the year, on our fourth quarter versus third being so seasonal. And then I did mention in my remarks that it was a bit higher in the second than we earlier anticipated.
Humberto Alfonso: No, Eric, that's not way to think about it. Let me give you kind of a macro view, and then more important to the second of. So when we talk about the second half, we are talking about the total company and the seasonal component, well we do have Chinese New Year certainly is far, far bigger than the U.S. If you think about on more macro within the 3% to 5% that we talked about on a long-term net sales, we do think about being able to build growth certainly at the 3% to 4% category rate. And grow some share in the U.S., but at that 3% to 4% rate. And we do hope that we continue to get that 1 point that gets us closer to the 5% within that 3% to 5% range from the International business.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about it. We did have more price realization in the second, and we did certainly did expect it at the instantly consumable level C-store where it tends to change faster. Where we saw more price realization than we expected probably was in other pack type. And as you know, there's been an awful lot of pricing across a number of categories. So retailers perhaps are being was a little bit more aggressive on those things. But the third quarter is very seasonal, and J.P already mentioned price protected. So we expect a lull there not like the second and the third. And then as we get into the fourth, you'll start to see more price realization. There is less -- while the holiday does sell in the fourth, we do shift some in the third. And so we do expect a little bit of a rebound in the fourth on price realization.
Humberto Alfonso: In terms of the elasticity, I would say that it might have been a little better. It was not that different than our expectations. We did have in the quarter the volume, more or less, as we anticipated. It was a good mix of U.S. and non-U.S. growth. It's a little early to have real confirmation around what our model projections are, only because again it's early in the price increase. And you see it more on the consumable side. I already said that we sold a little bit more on packaged candy. But I think we're tracking more or less the way we expected. And by the time we get to the end of the year and you get past the seasonal price protected component, then we'll start to get a much better idea if we're tracking well against the model. But right now, we're not terribly different than we thought.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. I wouldn't make any comment beyond that. It's really more of an accounting question. And certainly, as that business becomes bigger, we will provide more information.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, that's an absolute number on commodities. Now there's another component of what I'll think of as supply chain costs, which include -- we think of it as co- manufacturing. We do some packaging and some things outside, which also kept some commodity implication, which is a bit separate. But the margin itself in the quarter was more or less within expectations. It is a little lumpy the year. And we continue to expect that the full year will be about the same as last year. Productivity is a little different in terms of the profile. I did mention that we had about $40 million in the first half and that our outlook range being $75 million to $95 million, and we think we'll be toward the upper end of that, so it gives you a sense that productivity will be higher in the back half. And that's how we'll sequentially get back to more or less equal to last year. But the margin number was not that much different than we thought it would be.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. We're a little bit more in the first quarter than the second and within that $40 million that we talked about for the half.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, I think that's a good observation, Andrew. And while the methodology is fairly similar, we do look at it by brand and by channel impact type and such. You point it right, I mean versus the 2008 price increase, our business is certainly better supported than it was at that time in terms of advertising levels and the like. The economy I think is the wild card frankly, that while in 2008, we were sort of in the midst of the financial crisis. We're still a little cautious on the consumer perhaps, given unemployment levels. But the model does reflect those differences in the support of the business. So that's a good observation.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. I mean this is not the time of the year that we talk a lot about 2012, and we will as things develop. You already mentioned the pricing and you're right. The lion share realization does come next year. And we're certainly -- we expect that commodities will continue to be a headwind next year, that's the way we think about. The cost basket will get more detail as we get further into the year. But having said that, we're not thinking any differently about our long-term targets as we get into '12.
Humberto Alfonso: No. I mentioned that the outlook really hasn't changed much from Q1 when we last spoke. Productivity is a little bit more back-end skewed, but we expect sequential improvement based on that and to end up the year with what we've been saying all along, which is more or less with the gross margin ratio similar to last year.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, what we mentioned in some promotional activity that came into the second, probably would have occurred in the third, really if you go back it kind of offset what we talked about between the first and the second. As well we got a little bit of that, so it was a little bit neutral to the quarter but comes out of the back half. In terms of underlying business, while certainly there's been a strong contribution to the U.S. business from the new products, because Minis and Drops continue to perform well and we did have the pipeline and the launch around Air Delight, the underlying core business continues to be where we expect it to be.
Humberto Alfonso: Well, you do get some of the pipeline still. And obviously, without a lot of the takeaway, yes. So yes, there are some for sure.
Humberto Alfonso: No. I don't think I would think about it exactly that way, David. But first, let me talk about the first comment that you made. The shift first to second, third to -- or second to first, third to second, if you will. They're approximately equal, not exactly, but approximately equal. And really what that was is we had a couple of large customers decided that they wanted to run some price protected program sooner, and we work with them to be able to have them do that. The third quarter, although there is a little bit of a shift there, is very much a quarter that has a larger seasonal component, because we shipped almost all of the Halloween, which is a large season, and then we also shipped some of our holiday. And so we wouldn't read that necessarily that, that really puts all the pain on the third quarter versus the rest of the year. But the shifts ware approximately equal.
Humberto Alfonso: Well, there are 2 things. We said, I think advertising was higher in the first because you know we have some new brands, we have Syrup and I think PayDay being advertised as well. We started to advertise Minis and Drops. So the first quarter had a higher than mid-single digit rate. And then the second quarter was in the mid-single digit. So we expect to finish out the year. I did mention though that SM&A was lower by 130 basis points in the quarter. And that some of that was timing, it's not advertising related, but it is other programs that will be in the third quarter.
Humberto Alfonso: Rob, your point on price realization, I think, what I mentioned was we certainly were expecting it. In a similar business a lot of that being C-store related. We did see more price realization on other pack types, and that was the part that was a bit [indiscernible]. I mean, retailers set their own prices certainly with respect to how they manage their businesses, with or without our price protection. We protect price as we've agreed on certain merchandising event that have a demand curve behind them, and those are agreed upon before pricing. So they certainly can set their prices different than whatever is price protected.
Humberto Alfonso: I think we've seen a little bit of that, but again, there's been a lot of pricing in a lot of categories. And so perhaps, retailers are moving in that direction a little sooner than they might have done in the past.
Humberto Alfonso: Well, not so much the mix. If you think about the quarter, Bryan, we certainly would have expected some volume impact and between gross and net in terms of higher trade promotion that works way down to the gross margin line. And so in our case, it's more around some of the seasonality around productivity, which I talked about. And in the back half of the year, we expect to have a bit more of that where we'll get some sequential growth. So it really was not so much about mix. In fact, the Instant Consumable business, which is our higher margin business and you see that in sort of the takeaway numbers in C-stores was actually pretty good.
Humberto Alfonso: Jon, we do some of the -- some of the modeling does take into account, obviously, how the products interact with other categories packaged foods. But I would tell you that the majority of the emphasis really is on a brand-by-brand, channel-by-channel and pack-type analysis. We do, obviously, take into consideration and we've already talked about it a little bit earlier, the support behind the business that we have today versus where we might have modeled it previously and what we learned about the actual elasticity versus modeling in the previous increase. But not nearly, I think, the level of emphasis that the way you tried to explain it versus the other categories.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. It's not really, Eric, in terms of trying to give you something that was a bigger driver, it really does come down to we had volume and some price realization and we did have some productivity, which more comes in the back half than the first. But simply, the cost impact in the quarter in terms of commodity inflation, which is not dramatically different than the first was greater than what we were able to offset it with our productivity programs. So for the most part it really is that, it may feel a little bit lumpy during the year but as we get greater productivity in the back half, we expect that sequential improvement and end up the year just as we've been saying all along. So it's really are the same drivers that you talked about.
Humberto Alfonso: No. I wouldn't say so. I think while we would all like it to be a lot smoother, it wasn't a lot different than we anticipated before the quarter begun. And our view was that we would get that sequential improvement in the back half.
Humberto Alfonso: I'd say on balance, I think, that's true. Certainly, we've already mentioned the productivity has a bit of a skew in the back. And the volumes around the back half of the year, a bit more predictable, that they're being the higher seasonal component. So I think that would be the case.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: First question, just around the gross margin. I wanted to make sure I heard you right on the commodity side. I think you've said that commodities were underfavorable by $25 million to $30 million. Was that absolute or net of pricing and productivity and things? Because if it's absolute, one would think that your 3% price utilization in the quarter could easily have covered that? So a little clarity on that would be helpful.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Was the productivity more first quarter weighted? I'm just trying to get a sense of the gross margin shift year-over-year? I know it's against a very tough comp last year certainly.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just a follow up on elasticity. I know so far it's early, but more or less in line with what your models said. Do the models assume though that elasticity should be more reasonable sort of this time around versus the price increase a couple of years ago, just because, obviously, you've done a lot around your brand and spend around reinvestment, innovation, the step-up in the sales force and various channels. So I assume the elasticity, the models might suggest something different by the way you're planning, or maybe not, but I'm curious on it
