Michele Buck: Thanks, Steve. I'm proud of what we have delivered over the past several years, and I'm optimistic about 2020 and our future, we continue to operate with a healthy level of dissatisfaction and constantly push ourselves to elevate the business even further. We are excited about the opportunities ahead, and we look forward to sharing more details about our strategic plans in March. Steve, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Michele Buck: Andrew, why don't I take that one first, because I think that's a quick one, which is really the focus there in Mexico is a new model to capture traditional trade. So, it is not anything beyond that, but really it's a focus to go after that traditional trade business.
Michele Buck: And we have a big focus on change management to the end of your question relative to really managing the risks and business continuity during that period of time, and we can talk a bit more about that in March.
Michele Buck: Yes. I would just say, I mean, overall, we are expecting price in that 2% to 2.5% range for the year in North America, and our gross margin guidance is consistent with that being a part of it.
Michele Buck: Sure. So, let's start with our overall strategy, which is about capturing incremental snacking occasions, and if you look within that, certainly the number one priority is in categories outside of sweet indulgence in the U.S. So, both salty snacks savory as well as we recently bought the ONE brands nutrition bar. So, I'd say it's largely about better for you in savory in the U.S., not to say that we will not move forward with something in confection if there's a gap in our portfolio we will, and we would entertain international acquisition, but our bar is much higher given the risk levels of that business, and obviously, given we don't have scale internationally the businesses that makes sense for us are just a bit different than in the U.S. Relative to our key learnings, I would say, probably the first and biggest learning is that is around selection of assets, that is, we are a branded high gross margin company that is -- those are the kinds of brands we're used to growing and building. SkinnyPop and Pirate's Booty fit right in that sweet spot on both of those elements, and I think especially if we're going into a newer category or segment within snacking. KRAVE in particular was an acquisition that did not meet either of those relative to adequate scale nor adequate gross margin. So, I think that's the single biggest learning was that piece of what fits our business model and staying true to that, and then certainly along the way, I think we learned other things relative to integration and how to get the best of both leveraging our scale as well as enabling some of the entrepreneurial spirit, but realizing the businesses we're buying are in a phase of scaling up in growth and there's help needed to do that.
Michele Buck: Yes, little bit additional context. In the past, we did big supply chain projects and those tended to be much more focused on utilization of capacity and also margin enhancement. This supply chain project is very much focused on enabling growth and doing so by providing increased flexibility and customization capabilities that will then allow us to meet consumer and customer needs while maintaining the advantage margin structure that we have.
Michele Buck: So first of all, we think both volume and price are important to our long-term algorithm. During the years where we have pricing, those years will be much more pricing driven than volume driven. And we do a lot of hard work on our programming to keep our volumes flat during that time. Otherwise, according to the models, we'd actually decline in volume. So we're pleased that we've been able to do that. But over the years, you'll see a bit of both. And as we look at the actual growth outlook, we continue to think that the CMG category is going to grow at that 1.5% to 2% type of range. We believe in 2020, that it will be at the higher end of that range given the pricing in the marketplace, but we believe it will not be as high as 2019, which also had the additional benefit of a long Easter and we look to grow in line or slightly above the category growth rate.
Michele Buck: Yes, so certainly we have seen macro economic softness in several of the developing markets in which we participate. As we developed our plans for the year, we tried to take that into account as other factors that were known at the time, clearly the coronavirus would be the one unknown that really we didn't have visibility to at the time, and we are tracking that carefully. We do anticipate that will have an impact on our business in China. But as you know, we're a predominantly North American based company. So not as big an impact as we may see from some others, and we are carefully tracking, and always do kind of what happens with Snap at this point in time; we have not built in nor anticipate something significant there, but we'll keep a close eye on that.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say it's more the latter which is our business tends to have a seasonal skew around Chinese New Year, we sold in our volume and now consumers are not able to go to retail and so we're trying to carefully watch what's the take away will be and any waste implications from the fact that that portfolio is seasonal in nature. So that's the biggest hit for us.
Michele Buck: Okay. So relative to your first question, you're right that there are some of the smaller emerging brands like KRAVE that are a drag to our total consumption. The other piece is our grocery business, which is comprised primarily of syrup and baking chips. Syrup tends to be a pretty stable business. But baking chips has big promotional windows, and it's very competitive. So, we always have decisions to make relative to which pieces of business to go for at which just don't have the profit margins that we're interested in. And so we passed on some less profitable business this year. And that was a drag in our total retail takeaway. Relative to pricing, I would say we think about the impact as being pretty consistent with what we've seen over the years that we've always had a pretty solid ability to leverage price, and we believe that's only though because of all of the investments that we make with retailers in retail specific programs. The high level of advertising we put behind our brands that creates the brand value proposition for the consumer then it enables that. So but we see basically the elasticity is being somewhat in line with what we've seen historically.
Michele Buck: Our data and technology investments do fall in that line. So investments around ERP, investments more broadly around data and technology when it comes to analytics and how we evaluate the business, new data sources, et cetera filling up buckets, that's a significant piece.
Michele Buck: It's certainly something that's been volatile over time. So I think we have experienced managing that volatility.
Michele Buck: Sure. So Take 5 has the highest repeat purchase of any competitive innovation, and has one of the highest repeat purchases of many of the great brands we've seen over time. It lacks the awareness and trial, and so we began re-launching that brand putting it under the Reese's trademark because that is one key way to drive trial, it has great Reese's peanut butter on it, but that's where a placement like Super Bowl can tend to really help you, which is it garners a lot of awareness and trial and eyeballs, and we think that that will be really helpful for us as part of our overall marketing plan behind Take 5. So, we look at Take 5 as -- I look at it as one of our great innovations for the year. We know it's a great product, and we'll have consumers get a chance to try it for themselves.
Steve Voskuil: And just picking up on the on the compensation and what stays and goes just in the fourth quarter really had three things that rolled in, one was if you look year-over-year, there was a re-based impact on incentives, the prior year period had below target performance and payout. So, in the fourth quarter, you sort of catch up to target. We had then a predicted over-target performance, and then the market adjustment that we talked about, and clearly as we roll into 2020 that one-time market based adjustment will go away, and so will the performance will reset at a target level. So, roughly 50% of that increase will stay going forward, and about half of that will go away.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. The ERP program has been going for a number of years, and so, you're right, there's a portion of that CapEx step up in 2020 is due to the ERP program continuing. There is a portion that hits the P&L. Year-over-year for '20 it's not a material factor, and it's obviously factored into our guidance. As we get to the March Investor Conference, as Michele said, we'll talk more about the supply chain project, and probably also talk more about the next couple of steps that we expect on the ERP program, but for 2020, it's fully reflected from both OpEx and CapEx.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, we're not announcing today any renewed productivity goals, I would say productivity is and will remain a key part of our algorithm inside the P&L. You're right last couple of years with margin for growth that probably had higher than historically typical productivity. 2020 is down a little bit from that as that kind of peak of that program passes. And we will do as we always do, kind of continue to look for additional productivity opportunities and some of the improvements coming in terms of fulfillment with the supply chain investment will actually set the future for some more as we go forward.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. That's a great question. I would tell you that overall, as we look at growing a business, we do really believe in balanced -- the balance levers we've spoken with you all about relative to distribution, advertising that can drive base velocities, seasonal presents, pricing et cetera, and so, we believe all those levers are important, but at different phases and different brands lives, different of those levers are more important. So, with brands like SkinnyPop and Pirate's in particular, we want to make really sure that we take full advantage of driving the cores on those businesses because they were not at max distribution capacity for what they deserve, given their velocity levels. So, making sure that we continue to focus on that core distribution and also that we advertise to maximize household penetration, so there are many brands and confections where we have 40% household penetration, and it's significantly less on the brands like Pirate's or Skinny. So it's intentional that we first focus on the core, and that we judiciously add innovation. And we did do that with some seasonal items and some items, the right flavor profiles, but we think that's a key learning from the past is to be very measured in the innovation approach. We learned that on some of our early acquisition models focus enough on the core.
Steve Voskuil: Yep, we're always focused on making better and better decisions and learning from every action we take in the past. So and we feel good about what we're seeing on SkinnyPop and Pirate's in particular and One is on track integration and acquisition model wise as well.
