Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Erica. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's third quarter 2017 conference call. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2016 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss third quarter 2017 results, excluding net pre-tax charges of $7.8 million, or $0.05 per share-diluted, which are primarily related to business realignment cost, derivative mark-to-market losses and non-service-related pension expense. These charges are defined in the Appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.TheHersheyCompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Michele Buck.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes. And, Ken, just one more point to remember, we did talk about the top-line in the second quarter and would had reflected the trends we were seeing in the C-store at that time.
Mark K. Pogharian: That's the implication in your model. Sales are obviously down in the fourth quarter. We planned it that way, Rob, going back to July, as we stated in the remarks, you have some of these gross margin pressures in the third quarter, certainly, you'll have for all of the fourth quarter. You'll be seeing more of the packaging that we talked to ship more in the fourth quarter than the third, as third is highly weighted, obviously, more towards Halloween.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yeah. And looking at your things to make, (37:12) David, for the fourth quarter, while it won't look like the third quarter at all on the top line, we expect takeaway to be positive in the fourth quarter.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yeah, Andrew, I mean, for various competitive reasons, I'm not sure we want to get into the magnitude of each one of these. We all have different levels of investments with customers and how we service them. As you look to 2018, certainly, we started the initiative you're seeing here in the third quarter. So you will see in the first six months of 2018, a pressure on gross margin. I'm not saying gross margin's up or down in the first half for 2018. We'll give more specificity, obviously, in January. Commodities, we have deflation this year. You know there are some that are going to be up all the time, even as it relates to next year. Some that are going to be down as it relates to next year. We're a gross margin-focused company. We need that to work to keep investing in the model and get the virtuous cycle that Michele referred to. So I mean, I think, overall, we feel pretty good about our long-term outlook.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes. Jason, this is Mark. I mean, I think you heard us reference some of this in March 1 as well. I mean, I think as a matter of practice, we're always doing this and you're seeing selective SKUs come out. Not every piece of innovation that we have will be on the shelf for three, four, four or five years. So there is a cycle to offset so that when (46:51) some of this comes off, we have something there to replace it. But sometimes, the velocity of what it's replacing versus the velocity of what's coming is, isn't always, always, always equal. And you may see some of that play out over time here in the next year or two, as you look at the velocity of some of the snack stuff in CMG. When you think...
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you for joining us today for the third quarter conference call. The Investor Relations group will be available for any follow-ups you may have.
Michele G. Buck: Thanks, Patricia. I just want to start by thanking all of our employees for those solid Q3 results that we delivered. As you've heard me say before, in an environment of accelerating change, I see opportunity. And I'm optimistic about our future. We are focused on what we need to do to succeed. Our balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. Our executive management team and the Board of Directors are confident that we'll continue to build value for all Hershey shareholders. So thank you. And now, we will open it up for any questions that you may have.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. So let me talk a little bit broadly, and I'll also talk about Hershey in particular. So first of all, yeah, customer service rates are critically important to our customers in the marketplace right now. And I think, certainly, as there is a pressured consumer retail environment, we all want to capture every sale that we possibly can. So, as a result of that, we believe it was a strategically-good decision for us to really focus and up our performance on customer fill even higher, even if it meant some additional investments in moving product around a bit more. So I would say that that is an overall theme in the industry between retailers and manufacturers that we are all jointly working on together. I'll also tell you, if I speak to Hershey specifically, there are a couple pressures that we had. So you can see the strong growth that we have in our core brands and have continued to have all year long, has actually put pressure on activity (30:14) across our system. And we have made decisions to move product around a bit more to make sure we don't lose any of those sales as we invest in manufacturing capacity to expand our capabilities on those brands. Some of the innovation that we've had on our business as well has necessitated a few more touches and a few more additional shipments that drove some cost for us. Some of the multi-component products like Snack Mix, for example, where you're moving multiple ingredients to make the products. And then also some of our packaging initiatives that we believe are critically important in the marketplace, which, on a temporary basis, create some additional inventory across the system. And then I think you're aware, you've probably heard others talk about that, going forward, there are some additional pressures just across freight, given tightening capacity in the short-term. There were some weather-related issues. And over the longer-term, I think there are some trucking-related, trucker availability issues and capacity that are emerging and starting to impact, as well as some new regulatory changes that we believe is going to create pressure on the availability of truckers as well.
Michele G. Buck: Yes. I mean, certainly, we've seen that the C-store retail community has talked about some of the pressures that they felt in their stores and trips not being where they would like them to be. So we certainly sell a lot of instant consumables there. So we are always anxious to have strong trips into that environment. So certainly, that has an impact. I would say there's a few other places where we're expanding the portfolio across snacking that also have a lower margin than our core items. And certainly things like Snack Mix, which I think have very viable and successful in the marketplace, create a little pressure on mix as well.
Michele G. Buck: So, David, we continue to expect that at the end of the year, our inventory and our retail takeaway will be aligned. Third quarter has been a little bit of a messy quarter relative to all those weather impacts that occurred. And actually, even being able to get the available data from a Nielsen or an IRI to really feel confident, given some of the stores that have been closed down, et cetera, and then also with seasons. So I think the best way to think about it is that we anticipate them to be fully aligned by the end of the year.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah, David. If you look at our full year plan, our plan was a bit more front-loaded. And particularly, if you looked at C-store, we are lapping an unusually strong period year ago on instant consumable innovation when we had the Kit Kat Big Kat and as well as the Reese's Pieces Cup. And so the category was looking good in third quarter. And we have a tough lap, though, particularly because of the year-ago innovation in instant consumable and that's the biggest thing impacting us.
Michele G. Buck: No, absolutely. So if you think about our total portfolio, if you think about the baking piece of the portfolio, chips and syrup, I think, saw some of the similar trends that we've seen with other center of store categories, so some pressure there. We spoke earlier this year relative to us having a focus to right-size our snacking portfolio and really focus more in a precision approach, so some of that right-sizing. And then, as it comes to what we call our variety chocolate brands and sweets, we've been working on optimizing our consumer communication and investments there to stabilize and get some growth out of those brands.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. So we remain committed to our strategy of being an innovative snacking powerhouse and really a focus on capturing more snacking occasions and appealing to new users within snacking. And, yes, I think we're continuing to execute against the strategies that we've laid out relative to innovation, leveraging our core brands in areas like Snack Mix, which we're really pleased with the results; barkTHINS, which is up, I think, 50% this year, which has also been a nice addition. And as we look at our priorities overall, we've always stated that M&A is a key piece of that. And you've seen us execute against that over the past couple years. So I would expect that that would continue to be a piece of how we look to deliver that expansion.
Michele G. Buck: I was going to say, I think it might just be hard to look at total distribution points because there is so much noise in those distribution points. So we've had an active SKU rationalization program where we are eliminating merchandising SKUs, many smaller things. At the same time, we have our stand-up packaging initiative in the marketplace, which put new SKUs in place, which we think are very productive SKUs. And so there's a little bit – both of those things going on at the same time that I think is getting muted in the total numbers, too.
Michele G. Buck: So I think that we always see retailers really try and leverage seasons as a destination to bring consumers into their store environments. And I think that this year is no different, from that perspective. I would say, I would remind you that we have continued to see over the past several years a lot of compression around the holidays. So with Halloween being on Tuesday, it's hard to get a total feel for what the season will shake out like. But I think that overall merchandising, we're seeing very strong collaboration with retailers, as we have in the past. So I can't say we've seen a really big change there. I think we see the retailer continuing to use the seasons as they have.
Michele G. Buck: You know, we have had a continuous focus, as we've talked to you before, about building strategic revenue management capabilities. Our big focus has continuously been being even more effective and efficient with our promotional dollars. And so, I think the movement that you would see in the marketplace, at least from us, would be around us really trying to get tighter about the best promotional programs and price points that maximize driving top-line, but at the most profitable levels, so that we're not getting ineffective deflation, but we're using price to maximize revenue. And I think that continues to be a focus for us. Certainly, I think in a pressured environment, some elements of the market are looking at whether price can bring in more consumers. But I think that everybody's also looking at that in a very balanced way, which is unless price is really driving incrementality, then it's deflation that has no benefit. So, I think that's what we're really seeing in the marketplace. And our focus, clearly, is on making every dollar count, getting smarter about what really drives the performance.
Michele G. Buck: So as we look at our broad snacking strategy, clearly, the goal of expanding occasions is to drive incremental purchase and to source more broadly across that snacking wheel. And, yes, I would say we do do research and analytics to try and understand how we can best develop propositions that will add incrementally to our portfolio. So that's definitely a key area of focus for us.
Michele G. Buck: So I think where we are gaining some placement, it is an area that's more fragmented. And certainly, one approach that we're trying to do is to leverage the strengths that we've built over the years around category management to help the retailers to make that section as productive as possible to bring some of the great innovation that we've been known for in the confection category and provide news and exciting propositions in that segment to generate interest and bring new shoppers there. So our focus is really, just as it is within confection, how do we drive the category there and bring incrementality. If I think about the competition, I think national players always tend to be pretty strong wherever they're established. And I think it sometimes more the regional players that experience pressure in those scenarios.
Michele G. Buck: And I think we're just always looking for propositions that are – everything we do is around creating shareholder value, whether it's on our base business or M&A. So that's always our lens.
Michele G. Buck: You know, it's a competitive marketplace and that's about all I would say, right, continues to be competitive marketplace out there from an M&A perspective.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, thanks. Yeah, I think that's the biggest impact you're really seeing is that tough comp to last year (33:37) impact. That's really the biggest driver that we have. We also have – fourth (33:42) quarter's our time when we typically spend a fair amount of advertising in China as well. That's always a fourth quarter drag on our performance. And we do have really strong advertising performance that we're expecting in the fourth quarter in our U.S. business related to our new product innovation.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. We always want to expand our gross margin. In terms of commodities, in general, as we like to remind you, we hedge out 3 to 24 months. So we're not going to ever see us completely follow the market on cocoa. We're going to bleed that in over the next couple years. And, in fact, we already had said that we had lower input costs this year. So we've already captured some of that reduction in cocoa. We see other commodities that continue to actually be up, so the mix basket is certainly moderating that reduction in cocoa prices.
Patricia A. Little: This is Patricia. I think that we always want to be more (39:08) gross margin, but, yeah, we do see them as being more muted based on the points that you made. We'll be giving our guidance next year with more specificity.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. I think we've touched a few of them already in the call. So, first of all, we are seeing some impacts from our expected and very successful Snack Mix products, or similar products like that, that are pressured gross margin. Nothing is as profitable, we always say, as our core of our core products. But we do need to expand our portfolio. And then, also, some of the things that we've already touched on around the general mix between instant consumable and other types, between seasons, instant consumable is also a little bit of a pressure on us as well.
Patricia A. Little: So it's that more than the mix around shelf space. It's not a shelf space issue. It's just a fundamental value proposition all the way through our chain.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. This is Patricia. I'll take that one. So, as we told you, we're embarking on a multi-year replacement of our ERP system and some associated projects. As is typical in the early days of refining that, we just moved some money out on that. It really is related to making sure that we're putting the right resources against those systems and fine-tuning the best way to do that. That's really the biggest impact of the CapEx reduction.
Patricia A. Little: No. There's really been no change in our priorities from a (56:52) capital perspective in terms of investing in the business, and making sure we return cash to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. There's really been no change in that approach.
