Dave West: Yeah, I think, Jon, what I would say is the view of the category that we talked about. You know, the category growth rate continues to be in the longer term. This is a 3% to 4% growth category; actually on a year to date basis it’s growing a little better than that 4%. So we would start with a category growth assumption and then within that category growth assumption say we don’t see anything that changes that longer term growth algorithm for 2011, and we would expect to be competitive with respect to programming and share. So in the Q3 here we were flattish on share. We’re still up on our share this year on a year to date basis, and we would expect that the gives and the takes in the marketplace are such that you start with that 3% or 4% assumption and assume we’re going to be competitive within the share gain. And that’s how you’d start the algorithm. There was a lot of activity in the Q3 which we had talked to you about in July that was around innovation from some of the competitors in gum and in chocolate, and that happened in the Q3. And despite that competitive activity and innovation we still were able to basically hold onto our share in the Q3.
Dave West: Our growth was not quite that, Terry. We gained some share in the quarter. I think on a year to date basis we’re still feeling that the C-store is outperforming most of the other classes of trade, but we didn’t see that kind of 6% number.
Dave West: Yeah, I think we have made some investments outside of the US pretty broadly – Asia is a place where we are and have got things. We’ve invested in some go-to-market capabilities with respect to the way we’re distributing and selling in both India and China. I think that the international growth rates added, let’s call it 100 basis points of the growth in the quarter to our growth rates. Again, that’s across the board. The Q3 in China particularly is a seasonally light quarter because we ramp up for the Chinese New Year which is in the early part of next year, and that ramp up really starts in September on. So there’s not a lot of activity sales-wise in China in the Q3. We spent some time building out distribution and we’ll support our brands in China in the Q4. When I talked about the incremental advertising spending that we’re having in the Q4, China is one of the places where we are certainly adding some sampling and some support behind our brands. And as you think about our plans for 2011 on a go forward basis, we would expect that the non-US businesses would be added to the top line growth rates for next year as well.
Dave West: A combination of things in the US in particular. Our innovation, we’ve launched Pieces earlier this year and that has done very well, but remember we have the Hershey’s Drops and the Reese’s Minis that will ship in December, and so that innovation becomes additive for us next year. And we have other innovation in our pipeline for 2011 that we feel very good about, and so that will be an added component on us for next year. We are advertising and added some GRPs across a number of brands this year. We are in the Q4 increasing the GRP levels on Mounds and Almond Joy and York, and then we’re adding some advertising support across Payday and Hershey’s Syrup for the first time since 2001. So that will add to, we think the impression of the brand. And then we are also continuing to look at better sales force execution and we’re gaining some distribution points in the convenience class of trade as we’ve brought on the extra resources this year. So we have a number of additive levers that we’ve invested in this year, and we’ll start to test insights-driven performance which we are investing in here pretty significantly in the back half of the year. It’ll be more in a pilot form next year; we think it’ll help us as we get set up for the latter part of ‘11 and into 2012.
Dave West: Those are good questions, Rob. Let me just give you some perspective. On a year to date basis, FDMXCW – so that’s that kind of 80% of the universe. So I’m talking year to date, our takeaway is up 4.7%. So that’s a fairly solid nine months or through Q2 takeaway. And if you look at the Q3 takeaway, we were up roughly 3.5%. So our FDMXCW takeaway was 3.5% and we held share within that 3.5%. So we still are seeing 3.5%, pick a number – 3.5%, 4.5% category or takeaway growth, so good numbers. Within the Q3 we were sequentially much better in the drug class of trade for the first time in a number of quarters. We actually gained share in drug – we talked about 3.2% takeaway and a 60 basis point gain in share in drug. We were very pleased with the sequential improvement in the mass retailers, and in convenience we held and gained a little bit of share as well in the quarter. Where we lost share, the one area which I talked about was we lost a half of a share point in food off of a 2.5% takeaway gross, and that’s really where we lost the merchandising in the Q3. We had talked about some new items that some of the other chocolate competitors were coming within the Q3. We lost the merchandising in food and we also moved away from a promoted price point on one of our pack types that we didn’t like, particularly much in food – that wasn’t as profitable for us. So when I think about the business overall, in the Q3 still good category growth rates, although a little bit more of a share skirmish. And remember, our innovation comes in the Q4 in the form of Reese’s Minis and Hershey’s Drops. So overall the category is still growing very well, we feel very good about it. We’ve got volume returned in this category and I think the growth rates are pretty good. So the advertising, it’s working on the brands we’re putting it on, and then we’ve significantly added some advertising spending. We’ve been fortunate to be performing pretty well here the last few years within the US business, and as that US business has performed well we’ve taken advantage of the opportunity to go off and take the demand landscape learning that worked so well for us in the US, and we’ve used that learning in Canada, Mexico, China, for example – and what we’re now doing is accelerating our investment in go-to-market capabilities as well as in brand building in those markets. So we’ve absorbed that type of ramp up in spending in the international markets in our results over the last two years, and when we talk about next year we also see similar kinds of investments in international within the long-term 6% to 8% number that we gave you. So we’re able to continue to grow our earnings base and still do those international investments.
Dave West: Well just to be clear, and in our prepared remarks we said it, that operating income, the only market outside the US where we saw operating income growth was Canada. We had operating income declines in the rest of the markets. So it clearly has a dilutive effect for us but as I said we’ve been able to absorb that in our core businesses in the US and particularly in Canada with the invested levels, and we see ourselves able to do that again next year and into the long-term, as we talked about that 6% to 8%.
Dave West: Good morning.Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Can you talk about the timing between advertising spending and the incremental sales growth? What I’m trying to get a sense of is, when Hershey spends a dollar on advertising how do you assess or how do you expect to get the incremental sales growth? And just the timing of how that works, because you are spending a lot of advertising and I would expect it to kind of have an implication for 2011. So if you could just bridge that a little bit, that would be helpful.
Dave West: We never think we’re coming to the end. That sounds like a… Let me rephrase that. We’ve gotten good investment on the majority of the brands that we would expect to see good lifts. We’ve been able to accelerate some of them. We certainly were able to do Mounds, Almond Joy and York earlier this year based on the successes that we had back in 2009, and we’re able to do Payday and Hershey’s Syrup a little bit earlier than we would have expected. So maybe another brand or so, and with respect to international in the last two years we’ve already made those investments. I think Bert mentioned a number of about 65% or so increase in ad spending in the international markets outside the US in the Q3. So that’s already in our numbers, and so when you see the increases in advertising as we kind of roll through the year, what we are doing is really accelerating some of the strategic plan work that we were doing with respect to the demand landscape work that we’ve shared with you to get to some of the brands that we think we can activate pretty smartly, because they have some unique characteristics. And then in the international markets I think we’re applying some of the really good learnings from the US and doing it a little quicker than I think we expected we would have gotten to it.Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Great. I really appreciate it, thanks.
Dave West: We’re not going to comment on pricing at all. I think Bert’s comments were really around the input costs in terms of inflation, and our cost basket is frankly a bit different than some of the other folks in the food space. We’re bigger buyers of cocoa and sugar and dairy than, and we’re not in the grain complex nearly as much as always, so I’m not sure our inflation assumptions would be translatable for you. And for competitive reasons we’re not going to get into kind of a blow-by-blow, commodity-by-commodity. We do expect that our basket will be higher overall but we do have very good productivities in place to offset some of that. So that’s how we’re planning our business for 2011.
Dave West: I mean the back half is always a little more, if you want to call it, intensive simply because it does have a hard seasonal component, but we’re not seeing anything that’s a lot different than what we anticipated.
Dave West: I think, Eric, let me just clarify my point. Premium and trade-up, when you look at it in aggregate is about, roughly flat for the year. Those two segments are not contributing, on a combined basis they’re not really contributing to category growth. It really still is very much a mainstream story. I think when we did take our pricing action that we announced in August of ‘08 and implemented really in ‘09, and it spilled over a little bit into early 2010, we did see volumes return a little more quickly than we would have expected from our modeling. So we were very encouraged by that. What we all have to continue to monitor is consumer behavior and where consumers are today, and how they’re thinking about value. One of the beautiful things about our category is it is an approachable luxury and/or indulgence at a time when consumers are looking for that. So the category dynamics right now, as I said we’ve got good growth in the category. It’s a very volume-oriented category and people are playing the innovation approach right now in the category. We feel very good about that. So we think the category growth rates are strong where they are. I don’t want to talk very much about forward pricing. I think one of the other factors you take when you look at pricing is what’s happening around you in the entire rest of the basket? And I think there seems to be some inflationary pressure retailers are talking about, and it looks like some other folks are also in other categories are going to need to do some things. So that’s also a big factor. Are prices in any category moving up by themselves or are they moving up in context to the entire basket? So all of those things I think would impact the way the modeling works for us. You know, we clearly model it out constantly, and I think what I would say right now is we’re pretty comfortable with where our business is and that we’ve got volume returning, and beyond that I don’t think I’ll comment any further on anything that’s happened in the market.
Dave West: I think the reference you make to positioning Payday as an energy bar, we had a product that we marketed as Payday Pro which had higher levels and more grams of protein in it. That’s not the product we’re talking about. What we are talking about here is supporting the Payday bar itself. We haven’t had advertising on that on air since 2001, and we think Payday is uniquely positioned in the demand landscape work that we have in our portfolio, that it doesn’t really interact with much else that we have in the portfolio. So we think it’ll be pretty incremental for us. We do think that the Minis and the Drops launches – the Hershey’s Drops and the Reese’s Minis launches – will be good launches for us. We’re excited about them and we will support them with advertising unique to those items. And we have other innovation that’s planned for 2011 which we’re not at this point in time going to reveal to you, but again, we are very anchored in the demand landscape in terms of what’s incremental to the portfolio and where white space is in the category. And I think we’ll share some more of that when we get into the early part of the year, probably at Cagney.
Dave West: The facility in Monterey, Mexico, it is producing product for the US market. We have embarked, I think like many of the companies in the Fortune 500 and beyond on a pretty robust enterprise risk management or ERM program. Supply and sourcing is one of those things that’s in that, so this is something that we continuously look at – source of supply, not just in Monterey but throughout our network. We have experienced no issues in Monterey with respect to our manufacturing facility and we haven’t experienced any issues bringing product across the border, etc. As a matter of fact, that project went very well for us. It achieved its milestones. The productivity that we got from that back in ‘09 and closed out this year is very strong. So we’re pleased with how that’s gone. You know, it’s no different than any other supply situation. You continue to monitor your inventory levels but it is something, as far as an ERM program you’d look at. But we are pleased with where we are.
Dave West: You’re right – I won’t give you any additional parameters. I think we’ve been pretty clear that the Latin American and the Asian markets are where we’re focused. We have good cash flows – that’s one of the ways we would look to redeploy those cash flows, and we’re going to do a disciplined look at what’s out there. And beyond that I wouldn’t comment. We continue to be very encouraged about the organic growth of our international businesses in those markets around the world, and if you can find something that bolts on and makes sense we certainly are interested. But you know, I wouldn’t give you anything in terms of timing or any of those other things because you know, those things are always so opportunistic.
Dave West: Yeah, I think if you think about what we did when we did the Pieces launch… We have done a very good job, our sales force executes very well in terms of getting those items to market. We had the Pieces, and some of the newer items but really Pieces in the Q1 of this year really added almost two points of growth for us into the top line. And that’s been more like a point of growth from there on, and when you get to something like you know, Minis and Drops, they’ll build meaningfully volume as you build pipeline here in December and into the Q1, and then they’ll continue forward. In terms of mix, the Reese’s Minis and the Hershey’s Drops will be in both take home stand-up bags as well as in king-size formats on the front end, so I think from a mix standpoint it probably looks similar to what the rest of the portfolio would look like, although we are very excited about the ability to get some hand-them-out activity on our biggest brands, Hershey’s and Reese’s, which we haven’t had. So we hope that it’ll become a very good instant consumable item in convenience and front ends of the stores. I think as I said, in the Q3 innovation was additives for some other folks in the category who came with their bigger brands and did some innovation. Ours happens to come in the Q4 and the early part of next year.
Dave West: No, I don’t think so. At this point I think we’ll give a little more clarity on that as we kind of close out this year and get into next year and January.Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, I think that’s the way to think about it, Terry. I think when we talked to you at the end of the Q2 call we were still looking at some Valentine’s and Easter shifting out of the Q4 and into the Q1 of next year. That shift still happens but it’s now offset in the Q4 by a little bit of Halloween that moved out of September into October. So I think what you’re seeing is that those two things now offset each other in the Q4 number.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah. We’re obviously pleased with our cash flow, and we have cash on the balance sheet now which wouldn’t have been true last year where we were still in the commercial paper market. We actually do, in terms of our bond maturity we do have a bond maturing next year and that’s in 2011. And so obviously we’re already thinking about that given that it’s already moved from long-term to short-term position on the balance sheet. Cash flow continues to be good. I already mentioned we’re about current on our share repurchase program with respect to replenishment of stock options. The question that always comes up obviously is around buyback and that may be what you’re insinuating – it’s a discussion that we could potentially have with the board and we continue to have that. And we have other options in terms of cash use. So we’re pleased with where we are from a cash flow perspective, working capital and otherwise, and a strong gross margin growth, and we’ll take the appropriate actions going forward.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah. I would say, and I think we’ve mentioned it before – we take a pretty disciplined approach in terms of our ad spending, and so we keep a keen eye on how we think about ROI. Clearly brands with scale are the ones that will give you the better ROI. So you’re right – there’s certainly a lag effect in terms of advertising spent today and brand building in consumers’ minds and purchases in the future. So as we think about Q4 spend in particular, we do expect them and we have our own internal calculations about how that impacts the first couple of quarters of next year, and certainly there’s a positive correlation. We look at those ROI numbers on a brand basis, on a monthly basis as well, so it’s not something that we do at long intervals – we keep a constant review of what that ad spend is. When Dave mentioned Syrup and Payday, which we haven’t had on air since 2001, certainly there was a lot of analytical and work done around that, done beyond that to determine whether those were the right two brands to put on air and at what levels. So the only other thing I would add to that which is a different dynamic is in international markets ROIs certainly are lower, and that goes back to the scale comment I made earlier – the larger the brand, the greater lift you’re going to get simply based on that scale. And so the international markets are more about long-term brand building, but in the US the payouts are much more immediate and they normally, as we think of it, come in the next couple of quarters.Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: How many more brands, and I know you won’t tell me which ones, but how many more brands do you have that have significant underinvestment, similar to like a Payday or the Syrup? It sounds like, are you coming to the end of that and then you’re going to move on to the internationals? Or is there still some runway in terms of the non-chocolate confectionary side.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, in terms of our cost basket and you’re right – we’re certainly anticipating, just based on our internal estimates and the visibility we have for next year already – we certainly expect that commodities, as an example, will be ramping up next year in terms of cost. We’ve got an awful lot of productivity programs behind providing offset there, and in terms of gross margin we don’t expect to repeat the type of performance that we had this year in a more benign commodity environment. So we’re continuously looking for ways to offset that inflation within the manufacturing space, but there’s no doubt that inflation is a headwind next year compared to this year. We have it built into how we think about the top line and bottom line and we still believe we have leverage in the P&L to be able to achieve within that 6% to 8%, but the composition of next year’s cost basket is certainly more inflated than this year.
Bert Alfonso: The rate in the Q3 was about flat versus the prior year’s rate. In the first half of the year we had actually been a little bit favorable on a rate basis, and when we had gotten, in the Q2 call we had said that that would have likely abated when we got in the back half. So the rate is roughly in line with what it was a year ago. And again, I think when you see retailers will choose what price points they want to run particularly the seasonal events at. So far what we’ve seen year over year at Halloween in the marketplace is the price is roughly equivalent on a promoted basis to what it was a year ago.
Bert Alfonso: We actually have not given out that level of specificity, and I think one of the reasons we’re a little more conscious about giving that level of detail is where the only ones in the confections space who are giving certainly a public announcement, and competitively we’d like to keep our, particularly our commodity strategies a little bit more close to the vest. I think in principal, Andrew, what you’re saying is absolutely correct – over time you would like to offset and pass on the appropriate increases in your cost basket. We have been particularly aggressive I think within our supply chain, obviously with the global supply chain transformation project that we completed, where we closed seven facilities and built a new one in Monterey, Mexico. We have what we’re calling Project Next Century where we’re working very hard to continue to improve the efficiencies of our plant here in Hershey, we’re building a new facility here and we’re going to invest a couple hundred million dollars here in our home market. So we look at those productivity programs as well as just better efficiency in the business by focusing on the core to have given us the flexibility to meet the issues within our cost basket as well as our investment needs. But on a go forward basis I think in principle I would say we’d like to be able to deal with input pressures and eventually be able to pass those along to the consumers as appropriate. But I think the other thing that’s somewhat unique about our category is that it is so promotionally intensive and so much of it moves on merchandising – it’s really less about list pricing and how consumers think about promoted price points over time. And those are a little harder to move; they tend to move in bigger increments than simple list prices. So there’s an algorithm for us that may be a little bit more difficult to implement because of the significant portion of our business which is seasonal and merchandised in that way. So we have historically as a category tended to move in bigger increments in promoted prices than you maybe would see in other categories, but we do over time expect that we’d like to pass on those kinds of costs.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, David. What we said towards the end, or at least what I tried to communicate towards the end of my prepared remarks were that there certainly is more commodity inflation. We haven’t experienced as much this year as we thought; in the Q3 we’d thought we’d have some higher commodities. I mentioned that, and it was really kind of flat. We think that changes starting in the Q4, it starts to move up and we see some of that continuing. Certainly at this time of the year we start to get some regional visibility in terms of next year. We’re very focused on being able to say more about that later on, and also very focused against the productivity programs, of which right now… You know, we’ve mentioned the Cagney program – that starts to deliver even more next year, not just on cost of goods but also below that. So at the moment we feel pretty balanced despite the fact that we expect certainly commodity prices to be higher for next year, and just to put it in perspective the only comment I made was that this year our gross margin as we all know as really been terrific. We don’t expect to see that next year but right now we have reasonable visibility, we have good visibility not just on the cost factor but also on the savings. So we don’t provide an inflation number, and we will provide more color on that the next time we get together. But we’re pretty pleased with where we are right now.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, we have a couple of things as you’ve mentioned that are out there. And when we think of continuous improvement, it’s a year in and year out program – it’s not a special program. And that’s intended to, I think as we referred to earlier, it’s intended to approximately offset our inflation. The program that we unveiled at Cagney which focuses more on non-manufacturing productivity and cost savings through procurement is separate from that, and it’s intended to be – at least in 2011 and 2012 – 2x the normal productivity. So if you think about our continuous improvement being an attempt to offset inflation, and we think we can do approximately 2x that, you would assume that ‘11 and ‘12 has a higher level of productivity if you exclude obviously Next Century, which doesn’t provide a whole lot of savings in 2011 – those savings really come into ‘12 and ‘13.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, I wouldn’t give any more color than we’ve already given. I think Dave’s right – M&A is certainly high on our list. It is opportunistic. We’re fortunate to be in a balance sheet situation where we have those alternatives, and we’re looking at all of them and considering them going forward. So certainly we want to put our balance sheet to work and I really wouldn’t comment more than that.
Bert Alfonso: It’s the latter. We really haven’t commented on the direction for gross margin but it’s certainly what I was trying to imply, that it wouldn’t be, you wouldn’t expect the same types of increases and gains that we’ve had this year. We’ll provide more color as we get a little bit further down in the year in terms of how we see that gross margin.Eric Serrano – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, the rest of my questions have been answered. I’ll pass it on.
