Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company’s second quarter 2023 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our prerecorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today’s live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today’s Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company’s future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today’s press release and the company’s SEC filings. Finally, please note we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning’s press release. Joining me today are Hershey’s Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey’s Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the Operator for the first question.
Melissa Poole: Yeah. I think, Jason, if it helps a little, too. We had the past, call it, two months or so, multiple price increases, three different price increases hitting retailers at the same time, which is kind of what drove that 20% Michele mentioned as kind of some of we were at the tail end of lapping some and some new ones we are going in. So we would expect that pricing number to come down and with that the volume declines to moderate as well. So in the next couple of months we would expect that to normalize a bit.
Melissa Poole: Yeah. Thanks so much for joining us this morning. I know it was a particularly busy morning of earnings. So thanks for all of the great questions and look forward to catching up with you all later today for any outstanding ones you may have. Have a great day everyone.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I am happy to take that one, Andrew. Your math is right. That’s the way we are looking at it. And the price piece, it really is driven or the volume impact really is driven by the extra price impact as we look at the back half. And as we look at volume in the back half, yes, year-over-year, we expect it to be down. But it really is price driven. There’s probably a very small portion attributable to the salty misstep in Q2, but the vast majority is just the reaction to price.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. I mean, you are right. Cocoa and sugar are historically high. I think I saw a news article this morning talking about cocoa being at a 12-year high on the New York Exchange. The good news is we have got experience managing through commodity rushes up and down. And so as we talked about in the past, as we look at dealing with that, price is a lever, but it’s not the only lever. And so we look at driving more productivity, driving efficiency through other parts of the P&L, and in general, driving revenue management is part of our ongoing strategy. And so all the usual levers will be applied, and as I said, it’s not the first time we have had to deal with something like this. So we are pretty good at being able to navigate, and you are right, we are not going to get more specific than that at this stage.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. We -- I think we have said in the past that if you took a look at the capacity that we have coming online this year that’s already gone into place and then what’s coming in the back half, and look kind of year-over-year, you are somewhere in the 5% range of the incremental capacity across chocolate and sweets.
Steve Voskuil: No fundamental changes. We had expected this year to be a year to invest in brands, and again, as we have capacity coming online and leaning into seasons, especially if we get to the back half, a significant increase in brand investment was planned and we are executing to that plan.
Steve Voskuil: Not at this stage. Really it’s just -- Q3 we will be getting ready and building inventory for the switchover, Q4 will be the switchover and the recovery. So by the time we get to the first quarter, we would expect to be back on -- back or very close to a regular glide path. Yeah.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah. We are pleased with the gross margin performance through the first half and we have had a few things, I think, that have broken our way. We have seen less inflation in things like packaging and logistics and even some material costs. Our productivity progress has been strong. I think we feel really good about where we are at the midyear mark on productivity, and then, of course, we have had pricing drop through. So all of those have worked in our favor and will continue to some degree as we go to the back half. If you look at the back half, taking the volume impact, we are going to have some more fixed cost absorption impact that will be a little bit of a weight. And again, we have got hedging against commodities, but still from a year-over-year and beginning of the year, end of year perspective, we still have a bit more cost for some of the inflationary commodities, cocoa and sugar, smaller weights, and again, smoothed out by hedging, but still some impact. Those would probably be the two biggest drags as we look to the back half. But again, overall, I still feel confident in taking our guidance up and the team is doing a nice job managing the cost side.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. Yeah. We will get some benefit. Again, salty is not the biggest business, but we will get some absorption benefit as we build inventory in salty. Yeah.
Steve Voskuil: It is correct. In terms of breaking out the pieces. There’s about 300 basis points we attribute to the last and about 150-basis-point shift relative to Q1 order of magnitude.
Steve Voskuil: And we have got a lot more tools and sophistication today to look at the ROIs for how we are deploying things like promotion and there’s no intent to get into an arms race of bad returning investments like that. We will have -- we want to win with innovation, which we talked about in the remarks not just spending.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. Today market share is not a component of most bonuses, it’s about delivering the revenue, but we have other metrics around quality of delivery and how it’s delivered and where...
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I mean, we will take -- those are all the kind of considerations that we look at when we think about 2024 and beyond. And again, we look at the whole P&L, we look at market share, we look at what competition is doing. And clearly, we look at commodities and where we think they are headed. And so I don’t want to get more specific on the construct of the 2024 plan, but those are the kind of things we will consider. Again, we have navigated this before. We have got a lot of levers at our disposal. Pricing and revenue is reset just one of those levers and it will be interesting to see what happens in the cocoa and sugar market. I do think in those cases there’s still a lot of speculation. And again, our hedging strategy gives us an element of smoothing and protection to a degree to that. But we will be watching to see how these markets hold up, because they are at pretty high levels atypically and it’s not driven by fundamentals to a large degree.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah. I’d be happy to. No fundamental changes in our capital allocation philosophy that we talked about back at the Investor Conference. It is a great dividend increase. When you look at that and you look at our target for payout ratio and so on. We are still, even with this increase a little bit behind where we would like to be and where we have been historically. So that just reflects the great earnings progress over the last few years, but pleased with the 15% increase. And you are right, as we look forward, as capital spending moderates off some of the really high spending we have had here recently, we are going to look for other ways to be thoughtful with the capital and returning cash to shareholders through repurchases, for example, is our stop gap when we don’t have better-returning alternatives and so still that’s not going to change.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I would say nothing fundamental changing in that algorithm the way we think about the sources of growth for U.S. Confection or the rest of the business. I mean we always expect it to be a competitive category over time and so we are looking at it the same way. There’s nothing that’s happening this quarter or even for the balance of this year that we think fundamentally changes any of that.
Michele Buck: Yeah. So I would say the innovation is up off of a relatively low base. So it’s having an impact based on that. I think many folks have been focused, certainly, we have been focused a lot on execution and meeting demand for the past few years and focused on the core with innovation not playing as big of a role. And I think now we are just seeing competitors in the marketplace start to dial up the innovation more back to historic levels, and as we go forward, that’s certainly an area that we are going to be focused on as we are continuing to increase capacity at the same time.
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, I would say overall, certainly, one of our key focuses as we planned for this year, was that at the enterprise level really focusing on the stellar execution. We planned the business in a way to assume that we would be trying to front-load performance knowing that there are always hiccups in the execution and so in Q4 we do expect to see volumes be down and we put that in our plans. The teams are all over it. It is a focused effort, not just within IT, but across every functional area of the salty business. And so far we have been doing pretty well on salty with household penetration growing, repeat frequency, strong sales. We did have the promotional shift into Q3. We feel good about being able to execute that. But we feel like we are well geared up to be able to execute that. That said, we certainly do believe that there will be volatility in the back half of the year with the ups and downs that’s forward.
Michele Buck: So we have high single digits in the second half of this year and as we look to 2024, low single-digit pricing.
Michele Buck: And also as mentioned, we were working to really front-load more of our salty planning because of S/4. So our plans accounted for that as well.
Michele Buck: Yeah. So, certainly, there is a bit more private label in salty than in CMG. But we have considered -- we have continued to see that, while private label has ticked up a bit, our brands have continued to remain quite strong and do incredibly well. And as we look at private label, even within the confection category, while there has been increased activity there, it’s remained a very small part of the category less than 3% and the entries we have seen in the marketplace this year are still relatively small. So we don’t take our leadership for granted. We certainly continue to invest in our brands to make sure that our propositions are strong. But we feel very well about how we are competing right now in the marketplace on that.
Michele Buck: Yeah. So we are expecting a very strong Halloween. We know that customers are planning big displays and we are certainly participating in that and as well have strong marketing support to consumers planned as well. So we have certainly taken an approach of leaning into Halloween. We feel good that there will be plenty of candy out there. So feeling good about that. As we look at overall in the back half as it relates to market share, we think that there will be a stable approach overall, but some pressure on everyday despite some of our strengths around the seasons.
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, I’d say, two key things. One is we had some promotions that we had planned to occur in Q2 that shifted to Q3 and then we have had some just basic issues as we have been bringing together all of those businesses that you would expect during a transition like that around sales and commercial and supply chain execution. So things just weren’t as connected as they needed to be. We feel very good that the team is on it and focused on it and execution is something that we tend to do very well, so we have a lot of confidence in our ability to focus and get that back around. That said, of course, the back half of the year, as we have mentioned, is going to be -- have a lot of volatility that’s really tied to as we build inventory and then work through the implementation and anticipate that we will have lighter sales in the fourth quarter as a result of that, but we have confidence in our ability to fix the execution.
Michele Buck: So we expect to continue to see pressure in the back half of the year. We believe that we will start to see some improvement, but there are a couple of things that are really impacting share. So one certainly is around category mix, with refreshment and sweets being stronger than we had anticipated. Chocolate should improve and we are focused on increasing our level of innovation to be even more competitive and we will be in a better position to do that as we continue to have more capacity come online.
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, I’d say, the categories that we are in have always been very competitive. But the good thing is we have rational competitors. And what we are seeing overall, I’d say, is pretty consistent with what we have seen historically. We have seen some higher levels of innovation as supply chains have gotten stronger and people have been able to support innovation. We have seen some increases in private label, I think, with the economic environment in both confection and in salty. But frankly, the results of those entries have been somewhat mixed, and certainly, our brands have held up really well. We continue to focus on driving sustainable profitable growth. As it relates to infection and promotional activity, display has always been important for that impulse-driven category and so we didn’t see as much of the change in promotion as perhaps some other categories have seen. So that’s been much more stable for us and we anticipate we will continue to going forward. So we will continue to invest robustly to drive our brands with innovation, marketing support, what we think is the right level of promotion.
Michele Buck: Yeah. Retailers did not cancel activity on us, but it was really our choice to move a promotion. So that piece is that. And then relative to our broader execution issues, we had some temporary out of stocks. We go to market differently with dots than we do with SkinnyPop and the team quickly adjusted and we have seen our service levels improve. So we don’t expect to see that kind of impact in the second half.
Michele Buck: No. We have really shifted to investing a promotion in the third quarter that we thought made a lot of sense in advance of S/4. It was a big opportunity for us.
Michele Buck: Yeah. We have been very focused on strategic revenue management and pack price architecture on both confection and the salty categories. I think a few years ago, we talked about evolving our pricing approach from just list pricing to how we look more holistically at strategic pricing. And in these categories in particular, it’s a big opportunity. We continue to focus there in confection and on salty it’s certainly something that as we acquired these businesses was a real underdeveloped area of opportunity.
Michele Buck: Sure. So we get a lot of visibility to the seasons, because we plan with customers in advance relative to needing to build inventory for the season. So we have a lot of good visibility in terms of what is being bought and we have very strong programs to drive sell-through. So that gives us a lot of confidence. We know that during difficult economic times, consumers are particularly interested in enjoying kind of the simple things in life, like these seasons, like Halloween and so that’s another kind of tailwind of focus relative to our conviction and why I think we and our customer partners really want to lean into Halloween.
Michele Buck: Yeah. So promotional declines did drive that deceleration, and yes, we do expect that to pick up in Q3 going forward.
Michele Buck: So nothing material relative to the pack size piece. I mean, what we have tended to see over time is, seasons tend to perform better, to be less elastic and I think that’s just the nature of people are going to participate. So that’s the biggest difference that we see.
