Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Steve. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company second quarter 2015 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman President and CEO and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of results which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2014 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating the performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2015 second quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $282 million or $1.23 per share diluted primarily related to a non-cash impairment charge and cost associated with the business productivity initiative announced in June. Our discussion of any future projection will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
Mark K. Pogharian: Hey, Rob, it's Mark. I know going back to even the January and the April calls, we've been saying we would expect North America organic sales to be up 3% to 3.5%, and we're certainly tracking towards that today, and the retail takeaway is in line with that. I think through the first half of the year, we're pretty close to actually 3%, and you're right, it is greater than that in the second half, and I know there are a number of new products and fees in that, J.P. or Michele can address. But I think you're thinking about it the right way.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes, Alexia, it's Mark. And we can run through some the math after, but I know in J.P.'s remarks, he talked about excluding China chocolate and all the acquisition and FX. But North America and Rest of World, on an organic basis, we will be up 3.5% to 4%. So outside of China, I mean, I would qualify it as everything else is going pretty well. The 0.5 point reduction in net sales contribution from M&A was obviously all Monkey related. So I can help you back into some of those numbers after the fact.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you for joining us today. We'll be available for any follow-up calls you may have later on. Thank you.
John P. Bilbrey: Specifically on that, I think I would make two comments. The first comment is we're always gross margin focused, and we're always very aware of how can we ensure that the activities that we have outside the U.S. are directionally constructive for us from a gross margin standpoint as we continue to build our manufacturing footprint around the world. We continue I think to head in a positive direction there. In terms of investment and structure, we want to make sure that we continue to pace ourselves to right-size for what we see as the opportunity. So as you know, we currently have this project in place where we're looking at the structure of the organization, so we'll be very mindful of that. And then as we specifically look at a market like China and we think about investments in the second half, we want to make sure that the profile that we have in terms of DMEs, et cetera, is appropriate to what we see as the opportunities and where we continue to expand our brand. So we're going to be working on building our core distribution. We want to continue to deepen our distribution coverage. But at the same time, based on that pace we'll also dictate how we activate our brands from a DME standpoint, et cetera. So I think those are some things that you'll continue to see.
John P. Bilbrey: It's probably a bit too early to talk about some of the long-term guidance as we continue to look at a number of the forces and factors that we're dealing with. At the same time, we continue to be very positive on a number of pieces of our business. Certainly, we feel like North America is firming and heading in the right direction. We want to continue to invest there. And our other international markets, ex-China things are about where we thought they would be. Obviously, FX is a headwind and is beyond our ability to predict perfectly. And so before we add specificity, I would say, to how we want to think about the long term, we really need to get our hands around some of these shorter-term issues. But in terms of our business model strategies that we have, we're still very committed to that. And I guess one of the things I would say is, when you look at a focused strategy like we have in our international businesses around some very attractive core markets, we don't have a legacy of businesses in every corner of the earth. We get the significant advantage of those markets when they're doing really well, and we feel that when there could be some bumps along the way, but we still think it's the right approach. We're still very early in building our brands. And so I continue to be really optimistic about the long-term forecast. And usually, we talk about that in the fall, and we'll add specificity at that time.
John P. Bilbrey: Absolutely. And I think it's important to remember that North America is probably growing at a 3% to 4% range. That's really healthy. We feel good about our innovation pipeline. So as we talk about our growth algorithm, that is still in place. We continue to grow market share. So let us get back to you with the specificity in the fall, and just assume that we want to have the best sense of how we see the business coming out of this year.
John P. Bilbrey: I think a couple of things that I would just point to is we always talk being gross margin focused, but we also at the same time don't really set for ourselves a specific level of gross margin that we have to be at. And if you look at the scale that we have in North America and the value of high quality chocolate that's available in North America. It's the best cost per pound of chocolate really anywhere in the world across the major manufacturers. And I think that's one of the things that the value that the category offers has really been one of the things that's insulated it from significant owned label or private-label entry points. So that's really the biggest thing that's probably kept it there. I think another thing that we're thinking a little bit differently about, Ken, that may be from some of the things we've said in the past, while we still have the majority of our portfolio which is both a good value and really mass-position, we also are really spending a lot of time thinking about the premium segment as well, and so we're really thinking about it a little bit more broadly in terms of total available share across the categories. So I think that's another way that we look at within our core business expanding our footprint.
John P. Bilbrey: I think the strategy and intent we have with Golden Monkey is still intact. I think what we're really looking at is understanding the rightsizing and some of the business model practices that we have on a global basis and how do we integrate the broadest spectrum of distributors into that. So I think in terms of if you look at that business on a weighted basis and do we still have value within some of those distributors, the fact of the matter is, yes, and the strategy is right. At the same time, as you can imagine, as you take a significant number of distributors and you try to align them into a new business model, there's things that you've got to make changes, and we're addressing that quite transparently upfront. We want to get moving ahead with building the business, so all the reasons that drew us to that business and being able to expand our footprint in China, still are there. We just have to get all the business practices aligned with what we believe is appropriate and what's required of us as a U.S. corporation.
John P. Bilbrey: Let me – Michele Buck, as you know, is the President of our North American business, he's here with us this morning, why don't I ask her to give us a little bit of perspective on the business in North America.
John P. Bilbrey: I think, Eric, certainly some of the comments you've made about whether it was Europe or some of these other things, those are certainly pieces of the history. I think also inside there, you look at Brookside, obviously we're on the early side of Krave, Pelon has been a good one. We've had some joint ventures, some have gone quite well, and others we've chosen at particular times to exit from. The thing that I would tell you and I think what's important is we look at this, we've – if you were to put it within the context of our due diligence process, I don't think we've gone about it in any errant way. We use the best advisors, the best names and family names that you can think of in terms of who you would partner with on looking at these things. I think the landscape in China is certainly a challenging one, and we're certainly finding that out. At the same time, we're being, I think, appropriate in terms of recognizing things when we understand them, and I don't think it's as if there's no value to the strategies we have in Canada. I think the other thing, Eric, that you don't see is that there's a lot of things that we do work on that we pass on, and we pass on it for exactly the kinds of things that you would expect that either once we get under the hood they don't yield what we anticipated or there's things that we're concerned about. So in terms of rigor and so forth, I don't think there's any lack of that. Our goal is to get as many of these things right as we possibly can. You're correct, M&A is going to be important to our overall growth, and you can rest assured that we're reviewing every aspect of everything along the way with regard to this particular acquisition to make sure we learn as much as we can going forward. I'd like to think that we don't have some dark cloud that follows us and somehow we are jinxed, but at any rate that's really kind of how I think about it.
John P. Bilbrey: So let me deal with part of it and probably it's more appropriate if Patricia deal with part of it. As we look at our performance this year, certainly as we accrue for comp, we take into consideration what we believe our performance might be and how that works with our comp plans. But we accrue comp at a rate that assumes what our plan rates are, so we typically don't find big swings there, although if you have a year where adding comp is lower and your performance is higher in the subsequent year, that's a cost but usually the momentum of the business really takes that into consideration. And so usually those are things that aren't that challenging to overcome. And then on the tax bit, I'll let Patricia speak to that.
John P. Bilbrey: So, David, I think your comments are certainly appropriate and interesting, and I think we think about it the same way. I guess the execution of accomplishing it is a bit of the pace and challenge. So let me just reset a little bit. If you think about our business in China and distribution build, as you rightly say, we continue to build out our distribution. It's largely – if you look at our business, about 60% to 65% of our business is done in three channels. It's done in Tier 1 hypermarkets. It's done in supermarkets, and about 15% of the business in both B2C and B2B is done in e-commerce. So our Tier 1 development is pretty significant and specific, and so we've been building – if you go back over the last five years, you've heard us talk about 10 cities and 35 cities and 110 cities. But a lot of that is really focused in very narrow channels versus maybe what we ultimately want to have happen. And those channels also happen to be ones that were most impacted by some of the macroeconomic influences. And then our portfolio in China tends to lend itself a bit more towards gifting than it does the everyday business. So when you put all of those things together, and our portfolio there is still relatively narrow, it has made us a bit more volatile to some of these forces and factors than I would like to see going forward. So your hypothesis of the importance of growing distribution is absolutely right, and that's what we're focused on and that's what we want to ultimately be able to do with Shanghai Golden Monkey and HISL is to be able to get into the best distributors with the best footprint and push a broader portfolio of our brands into distribution. So that's really where we're headed. That hasn't changed. While we're all frustrated sometimes by the bumps in the road along the way, certainly we're experiencing some of that. But I think as we look over the long term, I continue to have the same commitment and confidence of how we're going to grow our business there. And your first comment is the one that I'd like to end on. This is about category building. It's not about fighting for market share. It's about participating in the growth of this category for the future in a very large and attractive market.
John P. Bilbrey: I think that what you're seeing in the second quarter is that we are recognizing where we've identified inventory and where we want to have in food in every category. You want to have the freshest, best stuff out there. So wherever we believe we've had inventory issues, we're trying to remove that product from the marketplace, make sure that we've got the freshest possible product in place, and so hopefully we've addressed most of that. There could still be some cats and dogs here and there, I suppose. But we think we've done a pretty good job of confronting those types of issues, and that's why you're seeing some of the things you're seeing in our second quarter results.
John P. Bilbrey: So I think that if you look at the way we modeled pricing elasticity and some of the things that were in my comments, we feel really good about how it's progressing. We should get the benefit of pricing in Halloween because that would be with all of the pricing in versus last year where it was. And so again, as we move through the year, we've always said that as we get to the beginning of 2016, we felt as though we would get back to pre-price increase levels, and that appears to be accurate.
John P. Bilbrey: Yeah, so I think we do feel good about category and we certainly feel good about our performance within the category as we continue to grow share. As you think about the overall snacking continuum, we continue to be enthusiastic, both with some of our R&D pipeline, which we reviewed with our board, in fact, this past week, and I think it was enthusiastically received, and we'll be introducing some of those to the market later in the fall and certainly into 2016. And we continue to see that as an important opportunity. So I'll just end with this. We love the business we're in. Confectionary is at the heart of everything that we do, and it's on one end of the snacking continuum, and we think is one of the greatest categories there is. At the same time, we also see that consumers have a changing relationship with food. We see snacking as an important occasion and we think we have a go to market capability and an RD capability to meet those needs. So if on one hand you look at indulgent and you were to imagine on the far end functional, we see that we have a broadening role to play across that entire continuum, and I'm enthusiastic to share with you as we go forward what some of those things are.
Patricia A. Little: I would point out that long term we really haven't shifted our point of view. Our first goal is to invest in the business both organically and through M&A. Then we're going to look to the dividend and then to share repurchase. But I take your point. I think it's a good one, and it's one of the things that we're looking hard at in this space. So basically in the second quarter, we're very focused on China, making sure that we had good line of sight on that and that we really could see our way forward on that. But it's certainly something that's on my radar screen, and I'd say watch this space.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, in fact a little bit higher than that, so we would expect that other expense to be $55 million to $60 million. It's the structure of these investment tax credits where you write them off in the top part of your P&L and the credit part comes in the tax rates.
Patricia A. Little: Yes. In the other income and expense will be the write-off piece and the full benefit of the credit will be in the tax rate.
Patricia A. Little: So you're right, the tax credits that we're doing this year are a period. We can do them again next year, so we'll have that opportunity. And frankly, I'm just getting into our tax attributes and looking forward to finding places to improve upon them. I'll just add one point to the comments J.P. made about some of the other things going on in our expense lines, and that is we're really pleased with the execution on our restructuring that we're in the middle of right now. We're very much on plan, on track to get the expected benefit from that next year, so that will be positive momentum for us next year compared to this year. We'll get a piece of it this year, but the bulk of it will come next year.
Patricia A. Little: That particular impact is a single-year impact. But again, it's another tool in our tool chest that we can certainly reuse next year as well.
