Melissa A. Poole: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meanings of the federal securities laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in these forward-looking statements contained in our 2017 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Michele.
Melissa A. Poole: Jason, this is Melissa. We had said of the 2.5, about 50 basis points was the retailer terms and then of the remaining 2, it was about half and half between the straight price and the wait-out, so we've called about 100 basis points of the 250. (49:32-49:44)
Melissa A. Poole: Yeah, and, Rob, this is Melissa. We had talked a little bit before when we talked about the SKU rationalization program, that you probably would see more of an impact on net sales than you would retail takeaway, as you're taking some inventory out of the system for some of those merchandising vehicles and other things that won't show up as much in retail, but you would see some inventory contraction there.
Melissa A. Poole: All right, thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning. We'll be available throughout the day for any follow-up questions you may have.
Michele G. Buck: Thanks, Patricia. As we have shared consistently this year, we are focused on delivering our 2018 commitments, and we are on track to do so. I am confident in our strategies, and I am extremely proud of our Hershey team as we build momentum in the back half of the year. I am pleased with the momentum on our core U.S. confection business. Our growing snack brands are performing well. And we are excited about the opportunity that Pirate Brands brings to our portfolio. And our International business continues to provide meaningful top and bottom-line growth. We will continue to invest in our business as we look towards 2019. Our pricing strategy will begin to have an impact in 2019, along with strong seasonal growth, including a long Easter, core capacity expansion, solid innovation plans, new campaigns and growing digital capabilities. We will continue to do this while operating in a way that is consistent with our values and purpose. And our focus remains on long-term value creation. Patricia, Melissa, and I are now available to take your questions.
Michele G. Buck: Thanks, Andrew. We continue, as you know, to have a very heavy investment in our brands, much higher than the industry average. And if we look at the investment we've had on our core brands on both in Q3, where it was flat, so we had very stable investment. And on a year-to-date basis, our investment in our core brands was actually up. So what we really try and do as we go through the year is leverage the learnings that we're getting and making sure that we are constantly putting our spend in the most effective places. As we looked at this year and got into it, we believed that we were overspending on some of the smaller brands, and we wanted to reduce that spend to ensure every dollar counts to drive business. And also, we did have an accounting change that resulted in moving some dollars out of the consumer marketing line into trade. So as you look at the go-forward, you're going to see some of that continued right-sizing between now and the end of the year, but as you think about 2019, I would tell you, we are very strongly committed to investing where there are returns. The accounting changes will have lapped the right-sizing of the smaller brands. And you shouldn't expect to see declines like we've had in 2018. We think that we'll be more set in terms of our normal track of spend and moving forward.
Michele G. Buck: We really aren't going to talk about guidance until the late January call. So I don't know that we want to give any other additional perspective on that right now.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah, so thanks for the question, David. So we certainly are seeing a big impact from seasons. As you know, Halloween and holiday are some of our largest seasons. We had a very strong sell-in to retail. So the retailers bought. Then, obviously, the key is we need to see consumers buy. And we're really thrilled that we're seeing that sell-through, where consumers are buying and the season is up. And oh, by the way, that bodes well for the (37:21). If we sell-through well, the buy is then very strong. As we look to the end of the quarter, we anticipate a good holiday because, again, we have a good sell-in for holiday and so we're expecting to see that as well. The other place that we are really seeing some momentum and anticipate a bit more momentum is, though most of our velocity or momentum right now is on seasons, we have distribution gains that we've shared with you in the past that we are working towards that we are starting to secure. And we do believe that we'll see more of the benefits of those distribution gains as the year progresses and into early next year. And we've also seen some velocity increases, particularly on the variety brands, where we've invested incrementally, as well as on Hershey and Reese. So we believe that we're seeing kind of the green shoots of that, that we anticipate will continue. So as we look at the fourth quarter, we believe that we'll see continued takeaway strength, you know, we believe at 1% or perhaps greater.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah, I'd just also clarify and remind everyone that the pricing action we took really will impact us in 2019. If we look at some of the straight pricing in terms, we anticipate we'll see the benefit in Q1. We'll start to see some of the wait-out that we took on our consumer packaged candy line in Q2. And then, as you know, we plan seasons out very far, so some of the benefits around seasons from pricing will come as late as Q3, just so that you all remember that.
Michele G. Buck: So, on this piece of the portfolio, Jonathan, both distribution and velocity are opportunities. So we're certainly seeing some distribution gain benefits, because one of the greatest synergy values that we can bring as a company is the category management piece, where in many places, SkinnyPop velocities were the strongest on-shelf within the category, but the distribution or the facings did not match with that velocity strength. So we're about right-sizing that. We are also about expanding distribution into the classes of trade where we have the strongest presence where SkinnyPop was underdeveloped. It was underdeveloped at Walmart, convenience stores, et cetera. We're realizing some of that now, but there's more to come. But velocity is also very important. And we're pleased that we're continuing to see strength in velocity on these brands as well. So you're going to see a mix of both on the entire portfolio of acquisition brands.
Michele G. Buck: So, David, I would say the answer to that is no. As you know, we have noise between takeaway and net sales, given the dynamics of our category, particularly given the fact that about a third of our business is seasonal. And we also have a promotionally-driven business as well. So those things combined with the impact of SKU rationalization, and then as some of you have called out, some inventory contraction. We have some consolidation in the industry that's leading to that. We also do have some retailers who are looking to increase inventory to ensure that they can minimize out of stocks. But as we planned this year, we anticipated that net sales would be below our retail takeaway in the fourth quarter because of some of these factors I talked about, and we're continuing to believe that that will be the case.
Michele G. Buck: Sure, so when we think about the right investment, while certainly spend can be a benchmark, the real thing we look at are the number impressions that we're delivering and how we're delivering impressions. And so, if we can get better, more targeted, better insights, better copy, a better media approach, or the addition of social media and earned impressions in the mix, that really influences our decisions about how to support each and every brand. And the other piece simply is, as we look at the portfolio, a lot of this really does come down to some of the smaller brands, where we spent against some of those a bit more like they were a big brand model. And some of the more emerging brands are really driven more by an impact at retail, making the brands visible at retail, ensuring they have the right facings on shelf. And mass media spend is not the right approach for some of those smaller household brands, brands that have, call it, 5% household penetration, versus a brand like Reese that has 55%. So we are spending more on some of the brands like a Reese, and we do testing constantly to understand where there is upside, where we think that we can spend even more and get more. But it's really all based on looking at those impressions we can deliver.
Michele G. Buck: I don't know that we really want to get into the details of margins by items that we have in the portfolio. I would say that we feel good that as we add value to the consumer, that we are netting out in line with a good value proposition that enables us to cover the incremental costs and still have very strong margins across the business. So I'd say you can think about it as it's net in line. We're not losing anything. We're not realizing a windfall, but it's net in line in terms of covering the costs.
Michele G. Buck: So let me talk about the volume performance and then I'm going to hand it over to Patricia to talk a bit about the margin. So, I feel really good about the sustainability of the volume performance. If you look at what we've done over the past couple years here in our portfolio, we have transitioned our portfolio to highly branded higher gross margin items. Our number one focus is on the Hershey's brand and our Hershey's portfolio, and the growth we are getting is from that brand, and from the other invested brands in the marketplace. So, the growth looks to be very sustainable and especially as we've divested parts of the portfolio that really were creating the biggest drag, both in terms of the top line but also profit. So, I'll turn it over to Patricia now to talk a bit about margin.
Michele G. Buck: So, Rob, I guess as you think about distribution, our biggest focus on driving distribution is on driving productive distribution and really taking a look at what's on the shelf, and ensuring that the highest velocity items are gaining distribution. So while overall points of distribution, given they're not all equal, may not be up, what we're feeling good about is that we are making some really good calls to get more productive items on the shelf.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah, if you look at total points, I would say yes, because the key things we would be getting rid of are the less productive items. And so some of that can come through, though some of the SKU rationalization is around merchandising units as well, which it doesn't translate to a strict SKU.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, we really haven't had any major changes at all in our outlook for the full year EPS. And we just left the range where it was, just to, frankly, make sure that we were working right into that number. (33:30)
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, so Q3 came in right in line with our expectation. And, as we've stated before, really the change versus each quarter is heavily impacted more by the phasing that we saw last year in 2017. So we continue to expect Q4 gross margins to be in line with or slightly up from prior year because last year, the fourth quarter is really when we saw the big impacts of inflationary pressures. So we're also very focused on our continuous improvement program, our Margin for Growth initiatives. In Q4, all of those are on track. I think we'll come in the full year slightly below the 125 basis points, but we continue to be very pleased with the progress that we're making there. In terms of operating margin, it remains where we expected it to be.
Patricia A. Little: Right. We're still working through our plans, as we speak. And we'll be back to you in the fourth quarter call with more specificity.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, so we had a number of impacts in the third quarter, and some of them are the accounting that Michele already mentioned. So some of our costs moved from our marketing expense off into trade. (39:16) We also had a little bit more prior-year adjustments than we've had -- or we've had more of an impact of that. So that's a piece of it. That's actually not quite half of the change. In terms of the rest of it, different promotional programs deliver different benefits. And we are always trying to mix those out so that the consumer, as well as the retailer, gets the advantage of it. And we see different impacts, in fact, across different segments and classes of trade of our business. We just didn't want to give the impression that we're seeing a deflationary impact on the prices. So we think that our overall trade is working hard for us. We always want to make it work harder. And we continue to feel really confident that the pricing that we talked about earlier will bear the fruit that we're expecting.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, there's been a lot of discussion about freight and logistics, so let me start there. We started to feel the impact of that about a year ago. And that has certainly continued, and I don't expect that to change going forward into next year, because the structural reasons that freight costs are higher are not going to go away, in terms of some of the cost pressures that those give us. Commodities are always something we look hard at. We make sure that our hedging program is focused on really giving us cost visibility into those parts of the portfolio. And we're not expecting a huge impact from that. So, overall, I think what we will see is continued improvement, as Michele said, driven by pricing and our continuous improvement program that we're always extremely focused on.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, again, we haven't planned out all of the 2019 pieces of the business that allow us to hone in on the tax rate, but I think that's a reasonable planning stance.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, we couldn't be more pleased with the performance of International in the third quarter. They really delivered and, frankly, over-delivered versus where we thought they'd do at the beginning of the year. So we're pleased. The margin performance, though, is pretty seasonal. And fourth quarter is always the lowest margin business because we are spending against Chinese New Year that has not occurred yet. So that's just always a low margin quarter and you'll see that again this year.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah, we haven't changed our guidance on that. Our full year 2018 outlook is still $65 million to $70 million for the other income and expense. It was lower in the third quarter, as you point out. And that's why you saw the flip up in the third quarter tax break.
Patricia A. Little: So, really, nothing has changed for the full year. We always have variability related to this investment tax credit program that we have. And I'll also point out that now there's pension expense in that. The non-service pension expense is in that other income line as well, so that is also creating a little bit of noise, but it's really nothing in the fundamentals has changed.
