Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Bonnie. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company's fourth quarter 2013 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Dave Tacka, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I, will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We welcome those of you who's listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2012 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted or pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2013 fourth quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $10.9 million or $0.04 per share diluted, related to costs associated with the project Next Century, non-service-related pension expense, and acquisition and integration costs. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me now turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes, Bryan, it's Mark. Just to clarify, the 3.5 points in the fourth quarter contribution from international, they had a very strong second half of the year as we expected, and it will probably be a similar type of profile even in 2014, where international second half is bigger than the first half.
Mark K. Pogharian: Okay. Thank you very much for participating in today's conference call. Investor Relations group will be available all day for any follow-up calls you may have, and we'll see you all at CAGNY.
David W. Tacka: Well, I guess -- I'm not going to comment on our views and coverage with respect to specific markets beyond what I've said about that we have good visibility into our cost structure except for dairy. And so I'm not going to comment beyond that.
David W. Tacka: Well, the cocoa market has been volatile and -- but arrivals at the port -- we're a little past mid-way in the harvest. And arrivals at this point at the port have been very, very strong. And so the estimates of supply and demand have been growing more balanced as that's arrived. So I think that's the things that you're seeing that the analysts are doing. We have -- we're very confident that we will have solid supplies, and that there's enough supply to meet manufacturing needs.
David W. Tacka: Yes, I mean, I think, what I would say is that if you look at operating cash flow it should be growing in line with earnings and we kind of gave you some outlines around the CapEx and dividends.
David W. Tacka: Well, first of all, you're right. The reason that we -- that the gross margin was lower than what we forecasted in the fourth quarter was that -- we did have some higher commodity costs associated with the higher sales that we had in the fourth quarter and so we wound up picking up some materials at spot prices. And in the year end accounting, there's a number of calculations, including LIFO and things and that, it also includes things like how fixed cost go into inventory and that sort of thing, and those things just came in with a little bit more expense than we had forecast. I think, the important thing on the gross margin is that the full year gross margin improvement of 220 basis points was very strong and it included solid productivity gains and sales mix improvements, which are really the things that will continue to drive our gross margin improvement as we go forward.
David W. Tacka: The advertising was basically, it was -- the spending was a little bit lower than we have forecast, but there was nothing significant that we did that caused that.
David W. Tacka: Essentially, what we talked about is that in the international business, we had strong gross margin improvement, and beyond that, we continue to invest in the business. And so I guess, what I would say at this point, is that we continue to be on our targets as we're growing to building the models out in the international business. But we are continuing to invest in the advertising and there's parts in the international business.
David W. Tacka: We didn't say that but at current exchange rates that would be 0.5 point, but it will be heavier in the first half for the year and a little bit less in the second half.
David W. Tacka: Yes, I think you got it right. We are obviously in a much more of an investment mode in the chocolate side of the business, which is our current business. And we already mentioned Shanghai Golden Monkey would be slightly accretive, if you exclude any of the onetime charges for integration post approve and post-closing. So it will help that along at a little bit quicker pace than we would have had without the acquisition.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that -- you probably heard us talk a lot about it. We are doing fewer what we call, "fewer, bigger, better," and we believe, we are far more consumer centric than we have been as we look at our demand landscapes and where there's opportunity. So while, obviously, a market, the size in U.S. has different cost implications as some market, it also has the magic elixir of volume as well. So when we look at something like our spreads launch, which is currently underway, what we saw is that this a $3.4 billion category in spreads and so spreads includes peanut butter, marmalades and other kinds of things and then the fastest-growing subsegment of that are really chocolate spreads. So we look for unmet needs, and one of the unmet needs not only in the fast growing category was is -- there was a primarily a breakfast occasion, and as we've believe, we can bring great chocolate credentials to that space, we're also looking at variety and day parts that are different than what was happening. So these can be used on apples, bananas, I mean, it's almost endless strawberry, it can be on traditional bread at breakfast occasions, but it makes for a great tasting and a way to get also healthy snacking throughout the day. So all of those kinds of things go in to that decision and what's great for us is, this is really incremental. It's not cannibalistic to what we do already. So that's an example -- I want to just give you a hard example of how we might look at the demand landscape and then try to understand, if we should participate there or not. This is one that we are quite enthusiastic about. The other example that's worked terrific for us is really Brookside. Brookside is a dark chocolate, it satisfies a need that really wasn't there, it has a package that lends itself to portion control, as well as on the go and hand-to-mouth. So we look at all of those different things. And if you look at our results this year, our innovation has just been terrific over the last -- in fact, really over the last several years. So we talked about wanting 1 point of our growth coming in from innovation, but we've done significantly better than that. So it's really not the frequency of innovation, it's really, the quality of the innovation.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Well, first of all, our business in China today is largely a modern trade business. It's focused across major metropolitan areas, we're in the 130, 150 cities in total, but the way we think about it, is really how can, we execute our business models, so how do we build our brand product portfolio, how do we build consumer awareness around that. So if you think about concentric circles and economic density, we really want to build those out. China is such a vast place that -- really talking about being national, may be the wrong way could think about it, so we're quite patient, what we really want to do is make sure our businesses are solid and that they're funded well and then we can build out our portfolio. And our portfolio with China today is still young, and so we have a lot of opportunity there. And then as you'll probably hear from Bert at some point, the acquisition that we made gives us the ability to have broader reach in Tier 2 and 3 type cities with a portfolio that's broad and is also different than the portfolio we have there today. So those are all things that we look at. And one other exciting thing about China is, you see the convenience channel developing there and it's the consumer being -- it’s the consumable being one of our real core competencies, we see that as a tremendous opportunity as well.
John P. Bilbrey: The one other thing that I would just add to that is that we believe about 300 to 400 million people participate in the chocolate category today with some frequency, so that also begins to be another dimension of how to think about the size and scale versus the potential.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, there's a couple of things, Eric, that we believe is going on there as you look at the data. So we had a very good holiday execution. We felt good about that. But the quad ending 12/28 is missing a full week of data. And one of the things that we see happening is especially, around some of its seasonal events, is a higher percentage of volume that's going into those last couple of weeks. So that's part of it and then if you look at the Wall Street data, while I haven't been through the detail, I think, what you see is that you have, I think, we're about 8% or so with that data, which goes through, I think, the first 2 or 3 weeks of January. So really, shows that it starts to pick up some of that. And then, the other thing that was happening that's in that -- that's in there number is that we have gotten to very low inventories. We had a significant growth rate in the first half. Some of our brands were growing double the rate of the category, especially in the chocolate segment. So if you're look at the chocolate segment in particular, which this continue to remain really strong, we saw some inventory rebuilding throughout the fourth quarter, and so there could be a couple of points as you got into December that came back in terms of inventory rebuild to more normal levels. They're still low, but they're closer to the normal range of what we saw. So I think, those are the 2 biggest components. The thing that was encouraging to me as I looked at that data really was the fact that it looks as though things are coming back nicely, so whether that's an anomaly or not, I don't know, but we continue to feel pretty good about what we think, the category growth rates going to be in '14.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think, Bryan, we're still early in the curve of our evolution there. So what we want to make sure that the SG&A investments that we are making continue to drive top line growth. Even in markets like China, our portfolio is quite limited today. If you look around some of these key markets, that would continue to be true as well. So we're going to follow our business model of brand building because we have good healthy growth -- gross margins. It does give us the chance to moderate that if we chose to do it. But right now, we continue to believe that we're building consumer awareness, we're establishing brands and so I think we're going to continue to be in an investment mode for a while. But obviously we look at SG&A leverage in a number of different ways and we want to be mindful that we grow into any investments that we've made if for some reason we were out over our skis.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Well, I think, first of all, your estimate around where Brookside is currently at is certainly a good one, and then to just give you a little bit of dimension on the full year. So, when we talk about 5 to 7 on the low side, that innovation would be about a point in the algorithm and then on the topside, obviously, it would be closer to a couple of points. If you look at 2013, most of our volume, I mean, literally all of the volume was volume growth, but the beauty of it was on those core brands, it was up about 3.8, volume on new product was up above 2. And then Brookside was not considered a new product in 2013, and so it also had a significant contribution of about 1.3 points of that growth. So if you take those numbers, you get a little bit above the 7.6% growth rate, but then, you take the FX out and that's how you land back at 7.6%. So we've been very fortunate that these new brands that we've introduced has been quite accretive to the portfolio, and then, we've been able to have quality innovation. And nobody is going to ever have a perfect record on innovation, but we've been very fortunate that we've had quite solid innovation that's helped. And these brands are sticky. They're contributing as they go forward. And then, the potential of Brookside, I don't have any problem in thinking about it as a $500 million brand. I don't have a date on that. And then, none of us know going well forward into the future, but I see, this is a brand that has global relevance and we just have to do a good job and make the most of it, but I think, this is the terrific brand that will establish itself truly as a big brand.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we have very solid programming on our Reese's brand. This is a very, very big brand and so we take all of these things seriously. I think, anything that brings people to the category is great. Reese's defines largely the sweet and salty segment. Usually, when you have a variant of a parent brand, it never becomes as large as the parent. And so while, I'm sure that it's a great product and they'll do well, we'll make sure that we're fighting for our space, as you get into March and March Madness and college football with NCAA programs and things, we got terrific programming on Reese's. We will defend it at home and we're looking to grow it globally. So we are up for any fight that come our way.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, well, I think that category activity would be good for the category in total. It’s an expandable consumption category, so I think, we welcome those things and I'm sure retailers do as well. And then, we continue to feel really good about the execution, we have against our brand. So our goals are obviously to continue to execute well. And I think, we've got a pattern and a model that has demonstrated our ability to grow share and so I think, a healthy category is really fundamental to that. But I think, what you'll see is quality, rational behavior in the category and that's good for everybody.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, well, we'll probably not -- we're probably not going to talk about that quite yet but because we want do a really good job with the release and announcement of that. So obviously, you get a chance to see that it's later in the year. But the things that we're currently doing, we continue to feel really good about getting off to a great start and advertising on spreads is starting -- I think, it's about February, when we begin to see some other incremental advertising on some of the other things we're doing. It's a consumable spreads product start to shipping in November, but it's really building, its presence now and on the front end and so on. But we've got plenty of things to keep us busy and we'll make sure that when we get ready with our new item later in the year that you won't miss it. I'm certain of that.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we look at ROI on our advertising very carefully. We, of course, the mix moves around, so it's not always on the same things. But when you get a brand towards sort of the top of the curve and it’s at a sustaining level, it doesn't mean, you get to a sustaining levels on things begin to decline. So you look at those things all the time, so we're very rigorous with our models on how we advertise -- or how we analyze ROI. So I feel very comfortable with that. I think an important thing that you mentioned is how does media evolve and are we participating in ways where we think, we have our most effective media. So one of the things that we do is, where we believe we aren't getting the ROI that would like to get, we look at, how do we use alternative media types, how do you add digital to that, we're continuously learning on our brands on a big brand like Reese's, 10% of its budget is in digital. And we continue to learn there. I wouldn't tell you that many people and I wouldn't claim that we've mastered all of the evolution of digital, but we look at the ROIs on that as fast as we can. We feel that we're doing the right thing there as well, so I think that with -- you can't make assumptions that just because you get to the sustaining levels means all of a sudden that mean the brands going to decline, but it also means that you can look at that and plus and minus, how you're doing. It's all driven by a combination of ROI and marketplace need.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we don't -- when we gave our guidance, we don't include anything that would be M&A or pricing-oriented, it includes what we believe FX impact will be, so that's not in those numbers.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I'll tell you what was -- let's take advantage of Bert being here and he can chat about that, and I'll fill in, if it is appropriate.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes I think, what you're hearing about emerging markets could be different based on the categories across different CPG companies and what their maturity and development is, so our category and this is one of the things that I think, makes it an advantaged category at this point in time in history. Is the category still relatively modest in a number of these markets? Consumers are participating in the category with greater frequency and we continue to expand portfolio offerings as we go. So again, I think, they're very constructive markets in that's, it's not a battle for market share in a stagnant or challenge environment. It's really about building brands, it's building the category, it's being rational and consumers come to the category. So I think that's why, when you hear, the players in the category talk about it, you'll probably here some things that may seem to be a bit disconnected from the total and I'm not to say that we're immune from all things, but I just think, the category dynamics are quite different than a number of other categories and that's really why you hear some of these different commentaries.
Humberto P. Alfonso: This is Bert. It's quite different, chocolate versus non-chocolate. And so it's a large portion, we don't have the exact number, I would say more than 50% in the modern trade, very paced Tier 1 city-oriented and estimate to retail level to be at about $1.5 billion. The non-chocolate, which is much less concentrated in the modern trade, would be about $5 billion to $6 billion. And again, it moves further down the chain in terms of, as J.P. already mentioned, it is in Tier 1 cities, but also you find a lot more in Tier 2 and Tier 3.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I would tell you that if you look at Mexico and Brazil with respect to distribution versus new and versus just core growth, non-distribution, it's largely all volume and not a lot on the distribution piece. China is quite different, where we're still expanding into more cities and so of the China growth, about 1/3 of that would be additional distribution, with the rest being velocity increases driven by advertising and some new brand activity, J.P. already mentioned. We launched Hershey's Drops, we launched a test market for Reese's as well as for IP mints [ph] and towards the end of the year, Kisses Deluxe.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we are not a segment reporter, although I am sure, we'll get there in due course, but the only thing that we would continue to say is that we're shooting very close to that $1 billion mark, which we've been targeting for 2014. Among those, I would say that China and Mexico are the bigger countries with Mexico still being our biggest outside of the U.S. and Canada, although, that probable change as we get into that. And we'll give you a lot more color when we get to CAGNY, I think, with respect to the different countries. And while Brazil grew very quickly last year, despite the FX impact, it's the smaller of the three.
Humberto P. Alfonso: And I think, the other thing, when we talk about the 15% to 20%, that does include FX. I mean, we continue to see very good growth in local currencies.
