Michele Buck: Thanks Steve. As we look ahead, we expect the environment to remain volatile as the COVID-19 pandemic and consumers financial security both evolve. But we remain confident in the strength and resiliency of our category and brands over the long-term, and our remarkable leaders and employees who are executing against our strategies, reacting to current changes, and capitalizing on the opportunities that this change presents. The Hershey Company has more than 125 years of experience managing through tough, fast moving, and unprecedented moments in time; two World Wars, economic depressions and recessions, and other momentous events. Each time we plan, we took action, and we learned and adapted. And we kept our focus on making the best decisions for our employees, our partners, our stockholders, our communities, and the consumers that we serve. This moment in time is no different. It calls for us to be our best working together with compassion and understanding to do what's best for our global society. And we believe that this resilience will only make us stronger in the days and the years ahead. Steve, Melissa, and I are now available to take any of your questions.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So, relative to Halloween, I know that you were asking about -- and there was actually a fourth lever of e commerce. So, let me talk about each of those. So, first of all, we are looking at the portfolio because we have seasonally dressed items for Halloween. We also have in the season, everyday assortment bags that play a key role. So, one area we're looking at is how do we mitigate potential risk of not knowing what consumer behavior will be by really optimizing what's the right balance of seasonal and everyday type items? We're evaluating the price points relative to understanding that some consumers may be financially strapped. How do we look at some of those higher price points and make sure that we have enough entry level price points and that the balance of the portfolio across price points, accounts for the fact that there will be some consumers going through financial pressures. Activation timing is really trying to keep our pulse on -- we know that we can impact these seasons based on when we set the season, we know that consumers will buy a season to bring the product in their house and there's some celebration in the house before the community events of Trick or Treat. And so leaning in a little bit earlier on some of the timing is a very reasonable option that we're discussing with our retail partners to be able to capture more celebration outside of just the Trick or Treat occasion. And then lastly, we are seeing e-commerce really dial up in Easter we saw that and so we are increasing our investments and activity to really have a great presence in Halloween, the right portfolio, bundled solutions across the needs for Halloween. So, those are really the key actions there.
Michele Buck: Yes. No, that includes China and also our world travel retail business, which of those stores that -- product we sell in duty-free stores in airport.
Michele Buck: Hey, Rob, let me start by addressing some of that. So, first of all, I would say we do have greater visibility to Q2 because we're already halfway into the quarter. So we do have stronger visibility there. As you may recall, we had planned for a difficult Q2 prior to COVID as a result of some of our year-on-year lapse. And then our decision to close our retail locations for most of the second quarter, that's a known that's within our control. Certainly the impacts that we're seeing with restaurants closed in the second quarter that's a known that we can see the known impact on food service, the reduction in flights, we can see that that's a known relative to travel retail and then we also had some elements of cost that are knowns which include manufacturing and retail incentives, one-time costs on PPE and safety protocols. So, we do have a lot of visibility around those things. Relative to the kind of the gap or the disconnect in Q1 between retail and shipment, let me address that and then I'm going to let Steve make some other comments about Q2. If you look at Q1, you can really break up that differential with about half the differential with retail being ahead of shipments was driven by Easter. As you know, we always have Easter in Q1, but the amount of Easter that gets consumed in Q1 is all dependent on the timing of the Easter holiday. This year, Easter was a bit earlier than last year and therefore, much more of the season was actually consumed, taken away in Q1 versus last year. The other half of the differential in the retail sales to shipments, part of it is innovation. We shipped Take 5 and Kit Kat Duos in December to set up for strong merchandising in Q1. So, you got shipments in December, you got the takeaway in Q1, and then the other component is some inventory.
Michele Buck: So, some of course are, but as we've worked out with our retail sales reps and partnered closely with retailers, even before that we had worked with them with a lot of our partners to have our team go in during off hours to try and bring our product and set displays when they're either work consumers in the store or at the very lowest periods of time. So, I would say, well, there is some impact. I would say, largely we've partnered really closely with retailers to work around that, both in terms of the safety and social distancing of our employees as well as helping the retailers to kind of protect and manage the number of people in their store. But largely, they've been really supportive and appreciative of the extra help which they desperately need obviously as consumers are purchasing a lot.
Michele Buck: Yes, David. The large majority of the cost increases really do hit in Q2. If you think about the biggest pieces of that the manufacturing and retail incentives, one-time costs around PP&E, the pull back on productivity was around Q2, there is some mix impact with the pressure around refreshment and C-store. And so if you look at that, by far the biggest impact is in Q2. Some of the PP&E and safety will continue throughout the year. And then there are some potential offsets, less travel that will have the benefit of throughout the year. We continue to kind of look at trade in DME optimization. There could be commodities, but not a large number. And as it relates to the inventory, I think, my gut would be that at some point we get a little bit of that back, but we don't know for sure and we definitely don't know that it will be in Q2. In fact, if I was just looking at what's going on in the world right now and at retail, my gut would be that likely wouldn't be in Q2, but instead, would be some point later in the year.
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean it's better than we anticipated. It's better than we saw in February, but it's clearly in a ramp-up recovery. So, it's not close to back to normal yet. But we are watching that on to leverage any insights and I think the biggest insight there is just the move from offline to online is very real, it's continued and just like we think it will here in the U.S.
Michele Buck: Yes, what we need for the year, like those quantities are already here. So, they're out of that region. So, as we look at this year, we're in good shape and that gives us time and we're working closely with those governments as well. Obviously, this is important crop for that geography and we're working closely with them to make sure that they are set up to handle it.
Michele Buck: No, that's okay. Some of that falls into our broader specialty business and that might be another 2% to 3% of sales again some impact.
Michele Buck: Okay. Let me do my best on that one to try a great set out. So, C-store is about 15% of our sales. It's declining about 10%. E-commerce is about 2% of our sales and we're seeing the growth rate double there. Now, of course, that's just what we've seen recently. So, all of these are the recent trends. So, of course, I can't predict exactly how that will play forward. Walmart and mass channels and dollar stores, grocery have had pretty good trends as people are really shopping there. They are frequenting those places and also all of those places tend to have or many of them and e-commerce leg that's being leveraged. I'd tell you the other place we are seeing some softness is around drug. So, drug and C-store are the two channels that I think we've seen the biggest softness, plus there were initial huge stock-ups of the initial stock up behavior with huge at clubs, that's moderated a bit. Melissa might have to come back and give you maybe more of the details around the specifics on each piece of trade. But I would say C-store is 15% and drug in that probably 8% range of our total business, and those are the places that are most pressured and then, of course, the rest kind of fall in the middle. If we look at take impulse, take-home and seasonal clearly the softness on impulse is a little bit less than you see in terms of the 10% decline in C-store, because we do still have business coming through, food, drug and mass, so less than that 10%. Take-home obviously driving our growth and seasons we had a really good Easter. So, at this point, what we're gearing up to do is to -- we met our expectations, our sell-in, our net sales shipments, we fell just short on takeaway. So, seasons, I call kind of a wash and then take-home is where we're seeing the strength. But Melissa can give you more details I think offline on that.
Michele Buck: The sell-in was on expectation. The sell-through was -- yes, was a little bit weaker than we anticipated. Really strong sell-through up until the final week. The final week of Easter happened at the same week that the government started to recommend the consumer is not going to grocery stores, unless it was essential and many of the big retailers started limiting the number of consumers they would allow in their store at one time. And we saw a direct impact on that, on that last week of Easter. But basically that will not cause that softness in the sell-through in the last week really shouldn't impact the P&L.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say, largely, we have flexibility in our manufacturing. I mean we already have a portfolio of products that we're meeting e-commerce demand and that demand has been across every pack type whether it's candy dish, whether it is instant consumables, et cetera, we already have a multitude of pack sizes that we've always done. This is a category that that lives on many different pack types for many different occasions. And then certainly as we're doing some of our supply chain work going forward, one of our goals is to put an even more automation to hopefully improve margins as we do that, but we are well set up to be able to adapt to different packs and sizes right now.
Michele Buck: Yes, we are. And we think we're well positioned there. As you know, we had just gone through a big SKU rationalization program to get rid of some of the smaller SKUs and on the normal course of business, as we grow our business, we have all of our SKUs categorized with the very highest movers, there is a must haves, must be protected at all cost and then we kind of go through our portfolio. So, we've always managed our business in that way. So, we've been well set up to serve in that priority environment.
Michele Buck: I mean the other -- that would be the other 15%, basically the other between the difference between 33% and 15%, I would say, largely. Let me just think about--
Michele Buck: Yes, that's what I was trying to think how much would be in those specialty channels spending would be the biggest piece of that. We have some in Club as well in terms of reseller packs at Sam's. I mean, I guess I would estimate, I'm going to say may be 15% maybe fundraising Lending Club and specialty are 5%, so I'd say maybe 15% goes through drug and mass.
Michele Buck: It's tracking much better than the C-store. It really varies by channel. The drug piece would be the softest piece because overall drug is just not getting as much traffic. I think a lot of people are using drive through all options; people are trying to stay away from smaller stores. So, the larger majority of that is really going through mass and grocery. It's still softer than take-home, but it is still growing in some of our retailers.
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean I think with less trips, certainly there is some risk there and that creates some of -- some bit of a mix and sales risks. However, I guess the other thing I'd ask you to think about is, as we look at our e-commerce business, we have instant consumable strength in e-commerce. So, one of our biggest selling items has been instant consumable, both singles, as well as we sell case packs that have maybe 24 instant consumable items in them. And given that our margins are strong, we don't really discount and bulk the instant consumable items. Driving the growth there, our goal there is to continue to drive the growth there which offsets how the consumer behavior is evolving and changing. I think the other opportunity is really for us to just kind of drive against kind of the push that as consumers have less trips they're also executing bigger baskets and so really focusing on that as an opportunity as well.
Michele Buck: Sure. Yes, I mean we feel good about our ability to drive the business and capture share online. We're looking at total online share is a little difficult because there are a lot of unique businesses that have direct to consumer businesses online. But if we look at kind of the big retailers and the pure play big retailers in that space, yes, I feel pretty good that that we should be able to continue to drive share there.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would absolutely attribute it to our customer service levels. So we've been able to maintain incredibly high customer service levels at that 98%, 98.5%, 99% depending on the month. I think within that we have had very good availability across our portfolio. So, we've been pretty much able to meet the specific product demands as well. So, huge kudos and credit to our manufacturing team who has just done an outstanding job of being ahead of this, building inventory ahead of this, getting raw materials in ahead of this, working with their teams and all of our manufacturing employees who supported doing this. And then I would also say having our retail sales reps out there building displays, stocking shelves, that has also been a very positive impact. So, yes, I would say a lot of it is about the strength of our company in the past has always been a lot around operational excellence and execution, and I think that's really benefiting us on top of course the fact that we feel great about the brands and the programs we've had out there, but I do think that's been a difference maker.
Michele Buck: No, I mean, I'd say the only -- we've probably heard similar things as you had regarding a couple of competitors in the category, who may have supply, not a solid position on supply.
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean, obviously, we didn't get as big of a stock up as like say some of the main meal categories. So, I don't think that that there is a huge backlog. But certainly as we get through the quarter, that will be something that we will learn more about. We do know that the things that are selling best or things that are around take-home occasions, snack size assortment bags, six packs of Hershey Bars for people to make S'mores at home. Twizzlers which one of the key uses for Twizzlers is when you're watching movies or TV, so I think we know which items are getting consumed the most rapidly. And like I said, we don't have a huge stockpile, but that is something that will play out in Q2 and we'll get a better feel for how quickly people utilize those. We also, know, hey, they are baking a lot at home and so there are other indulgent categories that we're competing with for those usage occasions at home.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, as we mentioned, we do have a lot of visibility into Q2 of some of the things that we know will hit us. We mentioned the 6% of the business, a lot of those businesses essentially being closed or down based on governmental regulations. We certainly know that we've got in that $45 million of cost that will hit in Q2. If you add up manufacturing and retail productivity some of those elements, so we do have that at the same time, we still don't know how the rest of the quarter will play out and we're seeing that every single week we get new pieces of news or information that make it difficult to know if something else is coming our way. And certainly, then I think as we look to the rest of the year, we have significantly less visibility there. We certainly have tried to share what we think the biggest risks and opportunities are in the portfolio. The opportunities we're driving at, how we're managing against the risks, but much less visibility there. So, yes, I would say that's where we kind of stand.
Michele Buck: Yes, international is definitely an area that remains a risk. Each country, each area is in a different state in the growth or stage of the pandemic and each government is acting quite differently. So, we have some markets like Mexico or India, India is really on a lockdown for four weeks. We have some of those markets where it's difficult for our employees to actually get to work, based on what's happening with public transportation, based on government regulations about people in certain areas, not traveling to other areas. So, we are facing a lot in those markets. And I'd say that's really primarily in Mexico and India as the two biggest impacts. But yes, it is in that camp of more uncertain at this point in time.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say there is a lot of uncertainty in international such that I'm not really sure that I could say for sure how that's going to play out. I think that's one of the uncertainties for Q2.
Michele Buck: Yes, we haven't made a lot of big wholesale changes in promotions, because our promotions are really geared against display, because our retail sales teams are still out there and are able to build those displays and obviously there remains a lot of space in stores given outages in certain categories. We continue to be focused on making sure that we are really driving as much of our spending as possible to display any place that we didn't have any kind of temporary price reduction. We are trying to pull back on those and then certainly we are trying to gear the spending around the right programs that are relevant at this point in time. So, we continue to look at where we are there. We continue to partner with retailers in terms of how we meet their needs. At this point in time, I would say we are largely executing according to our plans for the year, but always looking if there is opportunity where promotions aren't going to make sense. They aren't going to drive consumers like a temporary price reduction. I don't think, well, how we convert that more to a display driving initiative or use it for something else.
Michele Buck: So, it depends on the location. Clearly for the Hershey-based store, there is big seasonality in the summer, because we are right outside Hershey Park. So, that one is highly seasonal. Las Vegas, I would say not so much and Time Square has a bit of a SKU to summer and to holiday because it's driven by that traffic, but not quite as much of a seasonal SKU.
Michele Buck: I don't think that what we are going through right now would have any impact on that content on our long-term strategies. What I would say is, some of it may shift a bit. So, certainly, I think there has been a step change in e-commerce that just now occurred that probably would have taken longer to occur in society around consumers' adoption of e-commerce around retailers' readiness. It would be smaller things like that, but largely our strategies remain unchanged. Our big initiatives in terms of what we think is important remain unchanged as well.
Michele Buck: That was pre-COVID. That's been under way. It has been Q1, late Q4, probably started in Q4 or early Q1 activity to explore and to begin that work.
Steve Voskuil: Yes and I want to add, of a good complete answer. We have good visibility into the costs I think for Q2 and Michele went through most of the things like the incentives and the sanitation are well known and we talked about those in the prepared remarks. The productivity piece, the 20 that we saved in Q1 doesn't come or doesn't go away in Q2, but we would have expected to add to that, and you need to grow and that's the piece that won't happen that we had in the plan. And then maybe the third piece that we touched on a little bit sort of implied as we talked about the top line as there is probably going to be some negative mix impact coming through, again, thinking about refreshment in convenience store impacts in the total mix. And that's probably a $5 million to $10 million gross profit impact for the year.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, right now our supply chain team has done a fantastic job and so aside from cocoa some of our more specialty small ingredients even certainly in the first quarter as COVID starting to get traction they bought some of those ahead to get ahead of it. Right now, I think we feel pretty strong about our cocoa supply, I can tell you our procurement team is very deep into that market on a good day, and they are even deeper here in looking at alternative suppliers and so. So, far harvest looks strong and we don't see anything in the medium term, that causes a lot of concern on cocoa supply.
Steve Voskuil: The cost impact on a full year basis will be a net negative. I think we're not giving guidance for the full year until all of the other puts and takes on the variables that we're watching will come into play. Obviously, depending on the shape of the recovery, we would expect to see improvement in those costs, after we get past the challenge in Q2. But I don't think there is enough new savings to offset some of the deeper incremental costs we are going to face in Q2.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I'd say we're always looking at everything in the portfolio, testing where its best place is and so no COVID impact on that.
Rob Dickerson: Hi, great. Thank you so much. So, just sort of question on pricing, I mean it seems like you're saying the last week pre-Easter weakness really shouldn't impact the P&L in the near-term. Maybe that suggests that the promotional plans have really been altered, but then I think it also sounded like, you said promotional spend could be increasing your price mix sharpened as you go through the year, right, to maybe increased demand overall, but then I also heard that maybe you're pricing plans remain on track. So, obviously, there are just a number of comments in there. I just wanted to clarify. Just in general pricing environment and we've heard Easter didn't go so well seasonally let's say in Europe, but obviously because the COVID buying, right, you kind of mask some of that seasonal weakness is there too much product still on the seasonal based on the shelf does that have to be sold through sounds like inventory levels have come down, but pricing sounds to be okay. So, any commentary you can just give kind of around the overall pricing dynamic will be great. Thanks.
Rob Dickerson: Yes. No, that's actually very helpful. I mean it sounds like basically if there is somewhat of a mix shift -- you talk about mix in terms of margin and time to make some pack size, et cetera, could affect pricing. But it sounds like maybe you could offset some of that with potential reduced promotional spend and display, so kind of net-net, at this point you feel like we're kind of okay. Does that make sense, back to you.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, cool. And then just quickly and more broadly look over time, we've heard a number of larger food companies have said they actually do better online, but their online share can actually be better just given page one display and overall brand awareness. Obviously, there is a whole conversation around the channel shift. If we just think about online specifically in all the other channels, would you just say yes, we think, given our investment brand awareness, what have you. If we do shift into more than online purchase society over the next few years that we should be taking more share of category. That's it. Thanks a lot.
