Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Jonathan. We've -- we slightly increased our adjusted gross margin by about 10 points and, obviously, off an already strong level. In the first quarter, we actually saw very good performance on the productivity side, so we gave you sort of an indicator of the $35 million in terms of commodity cost reduction. But we did have really good productivity in the quarter as we were just getting underway in Next Century last year and starting up the plan. So we previously said that this year's total productivity included about $25 million of Next Century and about $75 million overall. I would tell you that the first quarter was a bit better than if you divided it by 4, so that certainly helped. And as we get through the year, your point is a good one, we also are getting -- it's largely a volume year as we see it at this point and we do get good absorption, particularly on our big brands like Reese's or Hershey, where we have great productivity because of the scale. What you expect to see going out further is probably a little -- a bit lower on the expansion in the second quarter because our volume tends to be the smallest quarter. And while we do produce a lot, that's mostly Halloween product, which gets hung up on the balance sheet and sells out in the third. So it should be solid all year long, little bit lower, certainly, in the first quarter and the second and solid in the back half.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we've actually -- obviously, talked about a lot internally. I think part of what you're going to see is a lot of continuation because we've all, as a senior management team, spent a lot of time together on our international strategy. The intention of the role is a bit of our -- of how we're evolving into the international business. It does give us -- or will give me, obviously, the ability to look at Latin American and Asian regions on a more combined basis. We're very focused on the rollout of our 5 global brands that we started to talk about, about 6 months ago. And the good news is that we have very solid teams in place at both the Regional President level and below that at country management. And so we see that putting more resource as a company against that international growth trajectory. The ability to assess things across regions, which today we do, primarily at J.P.'s level, but now we'll have some extra insight against that. But I think strategically, you're going to see broad continuation. And obviously, as things evolve, I'll have the ability to assess where things may ebb and flow. But that's the way we're thinking about it.
Humberto P. Alfonso: We are already pretty focused on the markets that we talk about continuously, China, Mexico, where we're making our biggest bets, certainly followed by Brazil and a little bit slower burn on India. J.P.'s talked in the past about other markets that are interesting for us. There is a set -- there are Southeast Asian markets that are interesting, to a lesser degree, Eastern Europe. We know that Western Europe, not for us in terms of the cost benefit. M&A, we're focused clearly on trying to develop growth that's inorganic, primarily in our category and possibly adjacent categories where we can get some capabilities and local brands. So it'll be primarily in the focus markets where we are today.
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, J.P., that sums it up. I think the little bit of -- mostly the price that you're seeing is -- Easter was the very last of the seasons that we got a bit of price on. If you'll recall last year, the first one was -- or rather Valentine, sorry for the confusion. Valentine was the last season where we saw some pricing. While most of that ships in the fourth quarter, retailers see it in the first quarter. And so that's the bit of pricing that we did get. Otherwise, all the other pricing has slowed through.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we don't -- we haven't given quarterly guidance and not moving towards that. But I think you captured all of the data points that we try to provide. And so while we do expect earnings growth in the second quarter, it will -- it won't be comparable to what we're expecting in the other quarters.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, let me try to put some context around that. A couple of things that we've done in terms of targets, right? One is we put an aspirational target of $10 billion out there, which we certainly have a lot of energy against. The other thing that we've talked about is that our organic business gets us to something south of that and then we're hopeful that we can have some value-creating M&A that gets us actually to the $10 billion. So we haven't given a very, very specific target around what that organic is. All we've really said is that it doesn't get us all the way to the $10 billion. In terms of our investment pace, at CAGNY, we're pretty transparent about bringing that down slightly because we think it gives us the ability to invest at a faster pace and actually move that organic target up closer to the $10 billion. So there is a little bit of alignment between the 2. Our view is based on where we think that the market will provide the best return for top line growth and a path to profitability. So China, we've talked a lot about and J.P. has given some context around that today. It's in investment mode. Other markets like Mexico, where we have profitability, we really just want to take that to a greater level. And so our ability to be able to continue to have fast-paced top line growth in these markets and invest behind those so long as we're getting that type of growth is how we think about the business. And we can ebb and flow that investment for whatever reason we don't think we're getting the types of returns in terms of business growth and market share that we anticipate.
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, you shouldn't. Our reference to pricing, and granted I may have confused folks by throwing Easter in there, which wasn't relevant, Valentine was the last season that we actually got pricing on. Most of that, for us, ships in the fourth quarter. So you would've seen most of that pricing there. But it scans at the retail level in the first quarter, so we were trying to explain the difference between our 5.5% growth and about 3 points higher in retail. We did get a little bit of pricing because some Valentine obviously does. And we also had some promoting -- promoted items last year when we had the early in the year launches from particularly our Crunch 'n Chew product around Jolly Rancher. So there was a bit less promotion as our product launches were not effective January 1 like they were last year. We actually launched those products late December, so you should not expect to see pricing, at least based on today's plan, going forward. We're talking about is that basically a volume year, although that could change.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we had a couple of export markets that were actually where we actually gained distribution last year. We had new accounts, primarily in Asian markets. And so those we expected would be down a bit just based on some pipelines to last year in terms of new accounts. And so we continue to think that for the year, we're still going to be in the 15% to 20% range. But the first quarter had a bit of anomaly from that perspective.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I'm not going to comment on the pricing, but I would tell you that in China, in particular, while we had good volume growth in Kisses, one of the things that we did last year was we turned the advertising on for the Hershey brands, Hershey bars, in the fourth quarter. And so we did see some distribution gains. But more than that, we saw velocity gains in the existing distribution in China. In Brazil, we launched a chocolate-covered wafer product late last year. Our capacity also increased because we've put some capacity in place. And so you're seeing distribution gains vis-à-vis new product growth, but most of it would be volume.
John P. Bilbrey: I think, Rob, the way to think about it is, first of all, we had -- we like to be able to ship to consumption as close as possible. It's always the goal. However, the retail takeaway was very broad across the entire portfolio and also across some of our biggest brands. So there's really 2 things to think about. First of all, in the quarter, you had a lot of price relative to what in the first quarter last year still would've had the promotional activity. We had some new item introductions in the first quarter that weren't in this quarter. And so you really saw at retail a higher percentage of products sold at full revenue, which is good for retailers as well. And then the other item was lower inventory. And so normally, we would probably have something in the range of 4.9, 5 weeks of inventory. And we believe this particular quarter, we had probably somewhere in the range about 4.4, 4.5. So that inventory was a bit lower, which also impacted shipments there as well. But we think those are the 2 biggest items that we have. I don't know, Bert, if you want to add any other perspective, but that's really what we're seeing. And so we feel quite good about the fact that the share results were what they were, and we don't see that we've got any issues in the marketplace in terms of not being able to supply demand.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I wouldn't think of it as major burning, but what we did see is a lower inventory level than what is usual, and we really see it as being the strong offtake that we got. And then we have the ability, obviously, to come in behind that. As I said when I opened, we usually like to forecast as closely as possible shipments to consumption as we can, and in this case, Q1, as we had hoped, had a strong category growth and then we were able to obviously grow share during that quarter and build on top of that. And so it just took us to a lower inventory level than we're usually at. I think that really -- I don't think there's any mystery beyond that. I think that really accounts for the difference, if you look at the promotion pricing versus previous year and then the inventory drawdown.
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. Alexia, let me start and then Bert can pick up, if he likes. In terms of our model in China, as you've heard us talk in the past about how we think about these concentric circles and economic density and building out our organization and adding brands. So we don't really think about it at this point in time in terms of how many cents per share. It would be in terms of our investment level. What we're really looking at is how do we build a consumer-centric portfolio? How do we get an organization that can execute against that portfolio? And then how can we advertise behind it in a way that we believe those investments are good for us? And we've consistently said we don't want to get out over our skis, so we don't want to plow into an investment level that's fixed nor do we want to be constrained by that as we see opportunities. So I think you would continue to see us in an investment mode in China. As you know, we believe we have good gross margins in those businesses that we can grow into when we're not in an invest mode. But that really is not going to be the case, I don't think in the immediate future, so we're very satisfied with this. We continue to turn on advertising and build our portfolio. Our Hershey bars, as an example, is doing terrific as we've begun to expand that. And then we have what we think is a very exciting new item introduction in China that will be later in the year that we'll talk to you more about in coming time. But we really feel good about the profile of China.
John P. Bilbrey: No, I think that -- we continue to be headed down the track of what we think is good for our brands. You'll see different promotion activity in the trade that some brands may choose to do, but I wouldn't see that as a trend necessarily, from our perspective.
John P. Bilbrey: David, we're very excited about Brookside in the launch, and we believe the investment levels that we're making are appropriate for what we believe the potential for the brand is. So I don't necessarily have the historical perspective, so I'm going to kind of put that to the side. But we believe that the Brookside brand has enormous potential. We're off to a good start. We're making it broadly available in the marketplace. We're seeing good repurchase behind the early trial that the consumer has in the U.S., and we're going to continue to do consumer testing as broadly as possible to see where the relevance of the brand can continue to play. But we've got a lot of runway in front of us. We've got a lot of work to do, but I would just tell you that from what we see of the early customer reaction, consumer reaction, offtake, repurchase, we're just awfully encouraged, and we think this could be a very big brand. I -- we had some discussions internally on what we think that number is. I'm not going to share that right now because we've got a lot of execution, David, in front of us to make this story come true, but really off to a terrific start.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think that's right, David. And it's around -- if you follow it from a dark chocolate standpoint, it's a big -- it has a potential to be a big dark chocolate brand by itself. If you think of the halo effect of the good things inside and all the benefits that you get from dark chocolate within the category, I think it does have a lot of incrementality to it. And then because of the halo effect of the great things in the center with the fruits packed in and the dark chocolate antioxidant benefit, it allows you to think about it more broadly than as a chocolate item only, and we're certainly exploring that and trying to understand more. So we think it has a lot of incremental potential for the company as an adjacency, as well as incremental business for us within the core category where we compete.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we think packaging is obviously important. We'd like to see it in convenience. We have convenience packaging that will be in the future of the brand. And so right now, we have a lot of work in front of us to get it across the channels in distribution where we're currently focused on. But yes, this should be a multichannel brand with packaging that makes it readily available to the consumer when they're looking for a great tasting product.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, as you've heard us talk about in recent times, that the trade-up segment, as we used to define it, has largely blended into premium and mainstream. And so I think that segment has changed a little bit. Bliss volumes are lower than they were a few years ago and, I think, having to compete in more of a mainstream-type environment than they had before and so that's changing a little bit. We continue to be very committed to the Bliss consumer and so we see the brand as continuing in our portfolio with a meaningful presence. One of the things you're starting to see now is the premium segment is growing a little bit again and I would anticipate that to continue. But again, that also had a little bit of suppression of pricing, but I think that will ultimately be back where it was. And then I think what will be interesting to see is if there's as much delineation as there historically was around this sort of middle segment, which we call trade-up, and I don't know how to predict that one necessarily. But we do see that Bliss plays an important role. There's competitive brands, which consumers also look for, and so we think it gives us a position to continue to compete there.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I'm not going to try to get too deep into gum strategy. As you know, we play a modest role there. We've said in the past that we think gum is a segment that's driven by innovation and advertising and news, and we think that's why our gum has done pretty well, as modest as that business is. And so we continue to be excited about our mints business which, despite the fact it's a smaller segment, we continue to grow there and largely that's around innovation and advertising and it needing consumer usage, occasions and also preferences, I suppose, around how they interact with the product. So I think there is a big challenge for the gum segment to understand what's happening with the consumer. And I know there's companies out there spending a lot of time against that. But I certainly don't have the answer for other folks on some of that. So we're going to continue to be very focused against our mint business. And we're really excited about how it's performing. It's great front-end item. It's good for retailers. And that's probably as much as I should say about the gum segment.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, it's certainly the case for us, and there's still a large gum category out there. It is a larger category than mint. But this, for us, is a great way to play. We think it's a global opportunity, and we have what we think are some pretty exciting innovations that continue to innovate around what some of the strengths, as we understand consumer insights around mints relative to gum, that will continue to leverage that. And so we feel pretty good about where we're spending our time. These are profitable brands. And so that segment's working really well for us.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, there's still further expansion opportunity. We usually look to make sure we have about 60% ACV as we start thinking about turning on advertising. We've got advertising on now. And we would expect Brookside to have broad-based distribution levels across all channels. But we still have space to go to get that as deep as we wanted.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, absolutely. And if it's not near a store near you, you give us an address and we'll make sure it is.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, it will start -- we'll actually -- on what I was referring to, we'll actually use China as a lead market and then we would hope to see that as an item that's more broadly available as we believe the usage occasion is one that's globally relevant.
John P. Bilbrey: Actually, we've had a couple of different instances where we've had products come from our international businesses. Brazil is certainly one where we've taken some products other places. And we see that being relevant in China as well as we explore some different areas there.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think, Eric, the way that we think about it is that, unless you're talking about China in particular as you referenced, if you look at the history over the last 10 years, certainly, the last 5 years, and you look at the acceleration of market growth, we believe that just from a category standpoint in market, the story is still very much about market growth. Now you'll obviously -- you have Mars, who has the first-mover advantage, very nice business there and a leadership share. At the same time, that share is representative of a market, which has doubled in the last 5 years anyway and will continue to grow over time at an impressive rate. So I think part of the work to be done here is really around category growth, bringing the consumer into the category and then making sure we're participating in that category. So where we're really, I'll call it, thoughtful and balanced is, is that in our model where we do have gross margins that are acceptable today and yet we're in an investment mode, we have the ability to balance that as we go forward. So as we've talked about turning on advertising in focus markets, we're very satisfied with the response we get from that brand, from those -- from Kisses, as an example. But we don't have a broad enough portfolio yet to be satisfied with our overall returns there. And so as we continue to balance investing in our sales organization, investing in our brand development and then not expanding at a rate that we'd get out over our skis, we think it's a very good way for the company to participate in the China market. So we're not necessarily saying, "We're going to go be #1 by a specific date." That could be a really costly and foolish thing for us to do. We want each of these markets to be successful for us. We want them to be rewarding for our shareholders, and therefore, we have a pretty planned approach. And we don't want to get out of balance with what is a very precious North American business. And so our approach, I think, frankly, is very advantaged and at the same time maybe not the same choice that everybody would have because they may have legacy businesses that don't allow them to look at this in the same way that we do.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think -- the general comment I would make is that CMG has held up very well within the overall snacking universe. So for whatever interaction there is across any of those brands, we've certainly continued to have -- category performance is good and that we've continued to do well, obviously, within the category. I think the big piece of that really is around the fact that we continue to offer an affordable indulgence. The category has benefited from the amount of advertising and attention from all manufacturers that it's gotten. The innovation has been, I would call it, stickier, in that it has been productive. And so that's had a nice effect on a go-forward basis. So I continue to be very optimistic about the category. Certainly, we feel good that the first quarter has given us the evidence that the category is going to perform well. We've said that we're interested in adjacencies. Those adjacencies would certainly be close in for us. Most likely you wouldn't see us going real far field in the things that we might not feel as comfortable with as the businesses that we're in and things that are close to that. But we think, as we talked about Brookside, that we think Brookside has a very nice, healthy halo advantage that could expand into adjacencies. And also, the single serve element of our business in singles and standard bars and other items that are on-the-go nutrition are things that we're interested in as well. So I think overall snacking continues to look very positive to us, and we're going to participate in that overall segment.
