Michele Buck: Yes. So Andrew, we are definitely -- we're very pleased with our Q1 top line performance. I would say that, overall, it was in line with our expectations. However, our market share did exceed expectations. And our strength was really driven by very strong performance in seasons, both overall and takeaway, as well as market share and also the strength that we had in innovation with Reese's Caramel, which not only did well with consumers, was the best innovation in the category and also was able to drive strong merchandising for us, particularly as we launched around Super Bowl.  So we're feeling good about what we're seeing. And as we look to the rest of the year, we do expect some improvement in trends as we enter throughout the year and proceed towards the end of the year. 
Michele Buck: I would -- yes, I would say we are partnering very strongly with that retailer as we always do. And certainly, I think we both recognize some of those opportunities that we can go after.  As we look at the performance year-to-date, a lot of the strength that we had seen versus second half of last year in merch was really across other customers versus that customer with seasons innovation and then really tying some of our media to events like the Super Bowl or March Madness driving merch. So we do anticipate that we will see some of the strength from merch with that retailer in the second half of the year. 
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So we do know that we saw impact from the SNAP reductions in the business in the back part of last year. We are beginning to see some stabilization as we start to lap some of those reductions. Consistent with our expectations as we built our plan, we anticipated that, that would occur. However, we do continue to see value-seeking behavior from consumers. So that still hasn't changed. I'd say it's improving a bit, but it's still there. 
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean I'd say some of that is always tied to each key competitor and what their programming is like versus prior year. So our largest competitor, Mars, was a little bit soft for the quarter with share down. And I think a lot of that was driven by their innovation, the lap versus prior year with some of that innovation not sustaining, and those things do impact the category. So that looked to be one of the biggest drivers. 
Michele Buck: Yes. So overall, Salty was on track with our expectations as well. We had very strong Dot's performance. And then, as expected, while SkinnyPop improved, we knew that the majority of that improvement would not occur until we get to lapping the Q2 period and going forward. SkinnyPop does remain pressured along with some of the rest of the ready-to-eat popcorn category. And we think that, that will shift once we get past that lap.  As we move through the year, we do have strong media and trade investments behind both of the brands. We also have flavor and pack innovation that will help us both grow and also drive share gains in the second half of the year.  From a profitability perspective, Q1 Salty profit was the weakest for the year where -- of where the business will be for the year. So you can expect that to get better going forward. And also the bigger increase in our advertising really starts to happen in Q2 and beyond working forward. 
Michele Buck: Yes. So as it relates to C-store, our business in C-store has been holding up pretty well for us. So we really haven't seen a big change in trend, I would say, that we are focused on there.  And as we look to price gaps, we always look at price gaps, both -- and price points, absolute price points, both within the category as well as across the snacking category. So that is really the standard way that we view our price elasticity, and we continue to evaluate it that way. 
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I think strategically, we want to always continue to invest in our brands. We believe that's a key part of the model. And we know that if you break that investment, it can take some time to rebuild to get to kind of your threshold levels again.  That said, every year when we build a plan, we reevaluate the return on all of those pieces of spending. And we have to have the right news. We have to have the right increases in effectiveness and efficiency to set the right level.  So it's not to say that we are set at a specific budget or percent of net sales. Every year, we do adjust that based on what we're seeing in the returns, where the opportunities are, what kind of news we might have that we want to support, et cetera. 
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So if I start with the beginning of the year, Valentine's, the category was strong and we performed very well there from a share perspective.  The Easter category declined, but it was a shorter season, which always makes it more difficult, but sell-through was very good. And again, we gained share in that season as well.  As we look at the second half of the year, we do feel like those trends are positive for the second half. But obviously, we had some very strong seasonal performance in '23. So we think second half will grow, but we think the growth will moderate and perhaps be more in line with our overall growth as a company versus kind of super-sized in the back half. 
Michele Buck: What we've seen is no material change in our elasticities over the past several months. We remain in line with historical levels, which is about minus 1, and that's what we would assume going forward. 
Michele Buck: Yes. So certainly, I would agree that with value-seeking behavior that a lot of that is coming from lower-income consumers. And we've seen that relative to SNAP reduction and the trends that, that drove, frankly, in our business as well as, I think, across other edibles based on what other companies have shared as well.  I would say that our C-store business is okay. And I would say mass, club and dollar are very strong. So you may be seeing a little bit of that value seeking based on where that shakes out. But I wouldn't say it's something that we have seen as significant or dramatic. 
Michele Buck: Yes. So it is from club, especially some very nice increases on Dot's that we shared last year. We got incremental distribution. So at this point, it's from both distribution and velocity there. So Dot's was up about 30% to start the year, and we gained over 300 market share points. And club was one of the drivers of that. 
Michele Buck: Yes, we're happy to share. So I would say, overall, our views about what has driven the market are somewhat consistent with what that large competitor shared earlier. As we think about it, we think both structural and transient forces have been at play impacting prices over the past several months. It certainly started with poor weather, a poor weather that impacted crop. And then concerns about supply.  But as we've mentioned previously, it's also about much more than just supply-and-demand economics, but rather the impacts of regulation like the EU deforestation regulation, market speculation and also the lack of liquidity.  So we continue to closely monitor supply and demand in the short term, which are the things that we can most get data and information on. The market will start and has started to get some signals on the supply outlook for the main crop. That will happen over the summer. Early reads on mid-crop look good, but it's really early. So we continue to monitor that.  We also have full coverage for '24. We have some coverage into '25, and then we remain very focused on executing what's within our control. Our business strategy is to drive growth, improve share, innovate, enhance our capabilities, drive cost efficiency as we continue to monitor that environment. 
Michele Buck: Sure. So as I look at winning in season, certainly, it starts with the right product portfolio. We feel good about the portfolio. We always have innovation at the seasons, and we feel good that we have the right innovation.  Another key driver is merch. We did a very nice job with merch. And our retail sales teams work in stores to get the visibility that we really desired for the category and overall for our business.  And then also, we had the ability to provide even more supply. As we've mentioned over the past several years, we had a couple of years where we were constrained by what we were able to deliver. And end of last year, we really got to a much fuller place in supply across our portfolio.  And yes, all of those lessons we apply to those not traditional seasons, but those other occasional seasons, things like Super Bowl, March Madness and Olympics. And so we certainly plan to leverage those same levers to make Olympics a strong event for us in the summer. 
Michele Buck: Well, we usually start some of those activations ahead of the event. Retailers like to kind of highlight the event and get people engaged on ahead of time. So you will see some of those displays start as early as June, really leading into the Olympics. And then depending on the retailer, you'll see them throughout the summer. 
Michele Buck: Yes. So yes, it is a large market. And I think the approach that we've always taken over time is it is a very well-developed, established market. And therefore, we believe our best chances of succeeding are with a differentiated product.  And after a lot of work, we have been successful in bringing Reese's to Europe. And really starting in the U.K., we've had some phenomenal success, but frankly, not a ton of investment in support in terms of on-the-ground people or other investments.  So we now have a business that we feel good about that's profitable there, and that's really our primary focus. So we think about Europe a bit more from where we have that elements of a differentiated portfolio that we think can win. And depending -- I'm not looking at it as a big investment, but rather doing it efficiently to maintain strong margins. 
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I guess one way that I think about it is making sure that we look at each occasion, which really comes down to kind of the pack types across the portfolio and ensuring that we have good entry-level prices based on how the consumer -- well, and I guess price is based on how the consumer perceives value.  A lot of times for the lower-income consumer, it's about an entry-level price point that enables them to participate. In some categories, it's about volume that has a better price per ounce.  So I think, to me, that might be the bigger piece. I do think areas like seasons and innovation also drive value above and beyond the base products. And so we've seen that as well. 
Michele Buck: Yes. Well, I think, first of all, that decline is just further evidence of the tremendous volatility that we're seeing in the marketplace. It's hard to peg what some of those declines. There are no new signals relative to supply and demand that are meaningful yet.  I mean perhaps some early signs about the mid-crop, which leads us to believe that more of the decline is driven by some of the nonsupply-demand economic factors but some of those other factors that we've discussed relative to speculators, thoughts on regulation, et cetera. 
Steven Voskuil: Sure. Yes, I'm happy to take that one. So multiple ways to deal with the volatility. Obviously, the hedging program and the financial side is one way to deal and then the supply chain side, making sure we've got diverse sourcing. And we've done a good job of that over the years of really trying to diversify that supply chain footprint.  And no doubt, looking back at the last few years, we'll continue to move that diversification forward. But that does give us some flexibility on sourcing. And of course, we have recipes that went and taste profiles and things like that, that guide those choices. But within that, we've got quite a bit of flexibility on the sourcing side. 
Steven Voskuil: Yes. We -- so on 2025, and I think that's where you're pointing the question, I would just say we're in the midst of building the '25 plan. And so obviously, yes, we're not going to talk about cocoa.  As we look to the plan, there are a lot of levers we'll be looking at. And so pricing is a lever we'll look at, other supply chain savings. As we talked about in our last call, we've got some transformation savings that we'll be building in the years to come, including 2025.  And so as we get further into the year, we'll be able to talk more about what we expect for 2025, including category health and what we think about the consumer and so forth. 
Steven Voskuil: Sure. Yes. We expect to see that fixed cost leverage that we benefited from in the first quarter effectively fully reversed out in the second quarter. So order of magnitude, we had $20 million to $25 million of benefit of fixed cost absorption and then also a little bit of mix just based on the type of inventory that was built in the first quarter. And so both of those components should reverse out in full in the second quarter. 
Steven Voskuil: And where we landed in the end, we feel, was a healthy level. And so in the second quarter, we'll see the vast majority of that bleed out. It wasn't too much. And we don't see that as a sign about trying to get ahead of price increases. The way price increases these days work their way to the market, prebuying inventory isn't really the common practice. So not much risk there. 
Steven Voskuil: Yes, no change. We're still, as we talked about on our call last time, about 200 basis points down year-over-year for the full year. Productivity savings off to a good start, right in line with plan. So at this point, nothing material that would point to a reshaping. 
Steven Voskuil: Sure. Yes, you're right. Cocoa is sort of the headline, the big headline. But when you look at the cocoa derivatives, they are also increasing. And we won't comment about percent increase relative to cocoa price increases, but they are inflationary just as cocoa itself is. 
Steven Voskuil: Sure. Maybe if I just take cocoa to the side and look at the rest of the business, our model is to offset inflationary costs over time through a variety of levers in the P&L. And that fundamental model is still in place. Of course, cocoa is certainly stressing it in the near term. But longer term, that is still the model to cover inflation.  And so as we think about these savings programs, both the earlier one we discussed in the investor conference focused on productivity and the most recent one, which is a mix of SG&A savings and productivity, both of those, we like to focus on being a net benefit to the P&L over the horizon that we're talking about, which would imply we have to get other ongoing normal efficiencies to offset normal ongoing inflation. And so that's the way we're looking at those cost programs. 
