Dave West: With respect to c-store we saw the category growth rate in the first quarter up about 2.3% we were up around 6.2% so we gained a share point. We saw some reasonable growth throughout the month; it was pretty balanced across the month. Traffic was a little softer than we would have liked to have seen it. But overall we’re happy with our programming. Obviously fuel prices versus prior year were up a bit higher so that might have had some cause in terms of some of the slower trips and traffic. For the most part we’re pretty pleased with our business and again we really saw volume return in convenience in a big way in the first quarter. With respect to drug, we mentioned it before, as we had changed some of our go to market processes and the way we were approaching brand investment we found ourselves a bit misaligned with our drug customers and these are very important customers to us and customers where we enjoy long term relationships that are very important. We’ve been working very hard to come to a place where we’re back in sync with those retailers. I don’t think it’s appropriate for me to comment any further other than to say that we continue to work that and we did get sequentially better and hope that as the year goes on we continue to do that.
Dave West: Remember in convenience that was where we had seen the pricing action first so we had very little price realization if any in c-stores so I think that we had already been through the pricing.
Dave West: We talked about the increase in overall advertising spend on a rate basis and we’re actually getting more GRPs a percentage increase in GRPs is higher than the dollars because we’re becoming more efficient in the way we purchase and the way we flight. I think what you’re seeing is we’ll continue to get a bit more increase in GRPs particularly this year than we certainly did last year as we become a more efficient buyer and a better flighter of our media. I think that’s part of it. We’re very pleased with the responsiveness of the brands; particularly we saw some very good initial response, for example in Mounds, Almond Joy and York when that ad copy came on in the early part of this year. We continue to see it, we continue to look at our ROIs on a going basis and then throughout the rest of this year we’re going to look at continuing to improve the way we flight, the way we purchase and also start to look in some other areas a little bit more deeply, specifically let’s say digital media for example.Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Maybe this is a little bit too granular, but do you break down advertising spending and investments or do GRPs as you mentioned them by brand family or by brand. I’m trying to figure out where it is that you’re seeing the most sort of revitalization if you will.
Dave West: We do it by brand, absolutely because the way the brands are positioned you have to do it by brand because you’re buying a different target, different media outlet, different demographic for each of the brands. We’re doing it by brand. We have different targeted levels of GRPs for each brand and each brand is a little bit further along or behind in the curve. So for example, Reese’s is further along in the curve with respect because we started Reese’s advertising in late ’07 than for example Kit Kat which we started last year.  We do look at it by brand. We think there are break through levels for different brands so it is a granular question and I could probably answer it if we had a lot more time in a very granular way. We run the ROIs by brand as well. We continue to look at the spend and are very pleased with the results that we’re getting. When you look at a top line growth rate like we had this quarter and starting to see base volume come back we think we’re pretty pleased with how the advertising is working.Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: It’s really Reese’s that’s sort of been the leader.
Dave West: Reese’s continues to grow. It’s also been one of the things that we’ve been very strong with partnering and bundling where we use our retail capabilities such as with the Reese’s NCAA March Madness sponsorship where it’s not just the advertising, it’s the advertising which gets the awareness and then when the consumer shows up at retail we also have great displays, you saw orange NCAA March Madness displays everywhere at store. It’s also the combination of getting the consumer to the shelf and then having the brand there displayed appropriately.Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: I always gain about a pound the day you guys report.
Dave West: We were up 14%; if you think about Easter carry over pricing which was the end of the 2008 is really the last part of the business that saw the price increase. Seasons in the quarter are somewhere around a quarter to a third of our business in terms of the Easter shipments as factory shipments go. On a weighted basis we took a 10% to 11% price increase and it was on a third of the business in the quarter. Roughly do the math you’ll wind up with something in the 3% range on price as a contributor. We did talk when we talked to you in the fourth quarter of last year about some volume shifting out of the fourth quarter into the first quarter so again a couple of points of shift. And we would have expected to see our new product contribution from Pieces add a little bit to sales and we would have expected international add a little bit to sales. Our expectation going in would have been around that, the little bit of carry over pricing, the Easter shift and then some new products and a little bit of international and foreign exchange gain. Mid single digits would have been our expectation. We had three, I think, places where we exceeded our expectations. One of them was the ramp up of the new products and the ACV and the distribution build probably added an extra point of growth in the quarter. We were a bit more efficient between growth in net, our trade promotion efficiency was pretty good but we were also very good with mark downs on saleables as we continue to get our inventories in line we continue to do a little bit better sweating down from growth to net if you will. Then the rest of it is really base volume. We had good base volume where we’ve invested so the brands we’ve invested advertising, particularly where we invested late in the year last year but also at the customers and the retail outlets so convenience certain mass and certain food accounts where we put more retail and selling resources in, we saw very good volume gain in the first quarter.  As you carry forward into the year we’ll continue to expect to see the new products will contribute and we continue to expect to see, now that we’re lapped through the price increase we’ll get base volume. I hope that gives you an explanation of how we’re thinking about the year. I’ll let Bert talk a little bit about the cost absorption.
Dave West: I think that’s correct. There is some possibility but right now as we’re seeing we’re projecting closer to plan.
Dave West: That’s really not how we think about the business. We think about the business by consumer usage occasion, and by forms and by how our brands are best positioned. When you think about the Pieces lineup what we’re really doing is you remember when we talk about loyalist consumers, the loyal consumers who are looking for the coconut experience that Mounds, Almond Joy provide or looking for the mint and chocolate experience that York provides, they’re unable to get that in the category right now up until we launched Pieces in a hand to mouth format.  What we’re really doing is taking some of our brands where consumers are the most loyal and providing that flavor experience that we think our brands uniquely capture and providing that to them in a different usage occasion. When we think about how we segment the category we really do look at it from the consumers view and then that’s how we also position our brands and think about investments. The category growth is robust. When you look at 52 week growth rates we’re up 7%.  As people invest in the category and others including Mars Wrigley, including Linton Ghirardelli and Kraft Cadbury it’s an expandable category, consumers purchase it on impulse so as people continue to invest in the category the category will expand and grow and we think that’s a healthy thing. We’re doing it based on a consumer view and brand view and that’s how we look at it.
Dave West: I’ll give you two data points. Valentine’s Day was down primarily a gifting and a little bit premium type of an event and it was down pretty markedly so we didn’t see a real return to premium in gifting in Valentine’s Day. The trade up space for the quarter was pretty much flat. Again we didn’t see much of a return to trading up during the quarter at all.
Dave West: On a rate basis, actually because our volumes were so much higher on an absolute dollar basis we spent more on trade promotion but on a rate basis trade promotion was lower in the quarter.
Dave West: I think it’s a combination of a couple of things. One of them is the category dynamic and the relationships, we are very proud of our relationships and have built those relationships over many, many years in convenience with retailers and so I think what’s happened as we’ve gone through some bumps in the road and the economy and the relationship the category has in that class of trade is very strong. We’ve continued to provide solutions. Some of the points that I mentioned, the second highest margin category is certainly the highest margin in the category is something that has velocity in the convenience stores. I think there’s probably higher margin in health and beauty but not a lot of that gets sold.  We’re a high margin category, we are a very good bundled category, confections goes with a beverage often times so you can incent a higher dollar ring if you will when you can bundle confections together. It’s still a very much impulse oriented category. In a world where you’re trips are precious if you’re worried about the number of trips you’re getting you definitely want to have impulsive stuff right up close to the front of the register to take full advantage of those trips. I think the category dynamics are very good.  On top of it the programming has been very good, I think we’ve all learned together the retailers and us, particularly about what works and what doesn’t work, what the right assortment is, where the aisle ought to be. The category management expertise that for example Max has helped their retailers with has I think really started to pay off for the category in terms of making it a destination. We’re pleased with it, we’ve hung in there with them for years in terms of building those relationships and I think it’s really paying off for us.
Dave West: Let me talk first about the first quarter. We clearly over delivered in the first quarter both on the top line and on the bottom line. Q1 benefited from some of the really difficult but I think sound decisions that we made in prior months and years. For example, the change in our business model in terms of pricing, now that winds itself up, the August of ’08 pricing winds itself up in the first quarter. The Global Supply Chain Transformation largely winds itself up here in the first half so we’ll get the savings in the first half. We start to benefit from the advertising that we’ve certainly been doing, not start, we continue to benefit from the advertising. When you look at the first quarter we got good benefits from the Global Supply Chain and the carry over pricing, those things tend to wind themselves up in the front half. We had really strong earnings delivery in the first part of the year, the first quarter and it’ll carry over a little bit here going forward, really good earnings here. The investment part where we’re going to now take a look at, based on the strength we have in the first quarter, reinvesting some of that earnings momentum, that investment comes in the second half of the year where we’re in a more normalized business model, if you will. We’re now more of a steady state model once we’re through the pricing and through the Global Supply Chain Transformation we’ll start to see a little bit more normalized volumes if you will going forward once we’re through the price increase and we will invest significantly in the back part of the year in advertising and in capabilities. I think that’s the way to think about it is a more normalized business model going forward with some pretty strong investments for the future.
Dave West: I think that what I would say is that we are going to continue to invest in the brands and the business and the capabilities and we’re looking at it on a full year basis. We may be a little mismatched in the productivity might be a little more front end loaded so the Global Supply Chain and some of the commodity favorability in the first part of the year, with some of the investment in the back part of the year. We may be a little mismatched in terms of how the productivity flows into the P&L versus how some of the investment flows out. I think overall we’re through the pricing from August ’08; we’re starting to see the volumes return. As I said, we’re comfortable in that 3% to 5% long term sales guidance that we have out there for the rest of the year and then again I guess there’s a little bit of a mismatch between the productivity and the margin expansion and then the expansion of SM&A we spend a little bit more in the back half and we have a little bit more productivity in the front half.
Dave West: Our advertising expenditure plans now look at a 35% to 40% increase for the year, that’s up from what we had originally said which was 25% to 30%. That will go into certain brands in the US but also other markets globally. We had talked at our Cagny conference about insight driven performance and the investments we’re making to make sure that we have state of the art, leading edge category management in both consumer and shopper insight work that’s in pilot with certain of our customers. That work is ongoing. I mentioned digital media as an area where we’re going to continue to also work on the forward basis. We have increased in store hours as well in certain channels.  That’s the recurring theme, similar to how we’ve thought about investment last year as we had good results through 2009 we continue to decide to reinvest some of that and we did that throughout the balance of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. We feel very good that that fourth quarter ’09 investment certainly has gotten us out of the blocks pretty quickly here in ’10. We continue to see that as a pattern as long as we’re making smart investments we’re going to continue to do that.
Dave West: I would say two things, you’re right on target we were at a different place when we first did that. We were at a place where we had struggled a little bit in ’06 and ’07 and realized that the business model needed to change, we needed to change the approach to the supply chain but also the way we invested in the brand. Then in the interim obviously the world’s changed quite a bit as well. I think what we’ve really done is let our business model settle its way out and as I said, I think as you get through first quarter here in 2010 from a supply chain and a go to market standpoint we are through a lot of those moving parts.  I think the economy is getting a little bit better, although consumer sentiment may not show that all the time. I think we’re in a more normalized level. We’re still seeing commodity spot volatility as well. It’s something that we certainly look at, I think what we’re saying is what we’re doing is making sure we continue to update you on how we’re thinking about the current year versus that long term model. At some point in time, obviously its part of the strategic planning exercise that all companies do and we’re kind of in the middle of right now, you look at that three or five year out picture and make some decisions about capital structure, growth rates, etc. It’s a fair question and hopefully we’ve been transparent enough to give you a view when we’re not going to be in that long term range for now.Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: I’m not even talking about this year, I’m talking about again 2011, ’12, ’13, is there an impetus you need an acquisition, is it just what you right size your business exactly the way you want it, is there any impetus that we should think about.
Dave West: We showed an interesting chart at Cagny in terms of how we thought about shifting the mix of our spending between pull and push. Again, on a macro level what we’ve really done is invested in our brands in advertising and consumer promotion. We took the price increase in August of ’08 because the commodity costs were very, very high and the profile had kind of changed in a step function way.  As part of that increase we not only change list prices we also saw promotional prices move up in the marketplace. As part of that move up in promotional prices is needing less trade promotion on some level to hit what would have been historically lower prices. There’s a little bit of that that goes with the new pricing model and the pricing structure. Overall its so customer and event specific I think we saw overall we’re spending more absolute dollars in promotion because we have more volume.  On a rate basis we did see an improvement in the first quarter and we’re pleased with that, although I’m not sure that we would tell you to trend that forward. I think now that we’re through the last of the August ’08 pricing we’re in a more normalized volume level, I’m not sure you would expect to see rate deficiency going forward. Again, it’s so customer and event specific it builds up so granularly that I almost couldn’t give you anything more specific than that.
Dave West: I don’t even want to go there. We’re comfortable with the margin expansion that we’ve gotten and we’re seeing the consumer volumes come back. We have good visibility to 2010 costs and I’d leave it at that.
Dave West: What I’ve been saying is when you look at the segmentation work there are loyal followers and you’re probably one of them, loyalists who while the brand overall may not be a huge gigantic brand or a huge brand when you find the loyal consumer they can be as much as a third of consumption on some of these brands comes from a very small percentage of loyal users. Remember that these brands are incredibly profitable, very high margin brands for us so when you think about York and you think about Mounds and Almond Joy these are brands that have, they’re not solid milk chocolate they have a lot of inclusion and they’re enrobed bars so they’re very high margin for us.  We’re not spending at the level we’re spending on Hershey’s or on Reese’s on these brands. We think with a modest level of brand investment we can get really good awareness on some of these brands that have high margins and get them activated that way and reengage some consumers who we haven’t talked to in seven, eight, nine, or ten years. That’s how we’re thinking about it and again we got really good lift initially and these are ones that we’ll watch very closely to make sure that we continue to see lift and run the ROIs on them. It’s kind of a natural evolution once you get through getting the big brands to the right place that you now go into other part as we talked about in the consumer demand landscape and see how you can activate the brands and we’re pleased to date with it but it’s only a quarters worth of results so we’ll watch the ROIs carefully.
Dave West: I think the category overall has grown nicely. You get shifts in mix all the time, it looks like right now for whatever reason gum and mints, the refreshment part of the business are probably growing a little less than chocolate and non-chocolate. I think some of that’s programming not just us but others. Some of it’s timing of innovation. It’s a number of those things. Over time these things tend to ebb and flow based on how people calendar their business but you’re right, gum and mints, the refreshment part of the portfolio is probably growing a little slower right now but that’s not to say that you won’t see a swing sometime later in the year. It is the fact right now.
Dave West: I think we’re a little different than everybody, that’s not to say that being different or unique is always better. I think in this case I’d like to think we are. We have our own dedicated direct people, we’re not using brokers. I think that’s the most unique part of it is that we tend to control our own destiny. Other folks may be getting similar types of hours or minutes or coverage in store but they may be getting it through a broker or maybe not with the same frequency. Overall we’re dedicated to one category. We offer a total confection solution and it’s integrated all the way back to from category captains to account planning to retail where in it we tend to be very integrated and focused on one category and I think that’s an advantage for us.
Dave West: As you’ve pointed out we had a period where we were probably less disciplined in innovation and new products then we would have liked. There is a role for news in this category as a variety seeking category. Consumers have more than one brand that they are willing to sample so there is a role for innovation. I look at our business right now and for the first time in a couple years here, innovation is additive for us. We’ve do it, I think in a way that works for our supply chain and for our business model at the current time.  Other people have their own view of how to go about their brands and their business and there’s no one right answer. The answer for us right now, we had a very strong first quarter coming off of a good year last year. The model is working, we continue to run the ROIs on all of the marketing mix; advertising, consumer promotion, and trade promotion. We’ll continue to dial as we go along.  For us right now we think we’re in a good place and as I said we don’t have the only model there are any number of models to make things work. We think investment in the category overall regardless of how people are doing it is good for the category and good for the growth. We’re pleased with where we are and we’re pleased that innovation is added to begin for us.
Bert Alfonso: In terms of the cost absorption, clearly we benefited in the first quarter for the reasons that Dave mentioned in terms of having our volumes be a bit higher than we anticipated. As you think about the rest of the year, right now we’re thinking more in line with what we would have planned. We plan for volume increase this year as you would imagine in terms of our total plan.  We had some pricing coming into the year and as you’ve already mentioned that exhausted itself in the first quarter. We were planning for volume increase; we got a bit more in the first quarter. We’re looking out at the remaining quarters to be closer to the initial plans. Even with the shift that occurs at year end that product is largely produced within 2010. Think of the shift not as an absorption shift but more as a shift in sales in terms of shipping.  Overall, cost of goods is favorable in the first quarter for the number of things which you’ve already mentioned; global supply chain transformation being heavier in the first half, particularly in the first quarter, we had better commodity year on year which we do not expect in the remaining quarters, and our ongoing productivity is pretty spread out throughout the year so that stays and has been coming in as we expected.
Bert Alfonso: I think we have a pretty good track record in terms of returning to shareholders in terms of dividends and buybacks. We did recently increase our dividend by 7.5% and we have a 3% yield and pretty competitive payout ratio. While we didn’t do any buyback off the authorized program we were in the marketplace replenishing stock options that were exercised. We suspended that a bit last year just in terms of as the market at a critical stage with respect to credit markets. We’ve resumed that.  We were pretty communicative in Cagny around our continued look into the marketplace, particularly in the international space around being inquisitive and seeing if there are opportunities there. With respect to more increases in dividends and/or share buy back it’s a Board level discussion that we talk about frequently and I’m sure that’s a topic that we’ll discuss in the coming near future.
Bert Alfonso: I wouldn’t think of it as good hedges. We said that we have good visibility throughout the year. If you compare to last year our expectations around dairy in particular that was favorable and last year when we started to look at the year we didn’t change those expectations till about the middle of the year and that has an implication on how the first quarter came in.
