John Bilbrey: If you think about the total investment we're making on our go-to-market strategy both in international as well as North America, the U.S. will continue to invest in hours for store in our sales organization. Then of course in China we've been talking about a geographic expansion there. So it requires a broader go-to-market strategy. So yes, we are really investing again in our go-to-market capabilities.
John Bilbrey: Well I think the biggest driver for us is, we look at 2014 in a competitive nature of merchandising and being in the right place and being able to responsive. We really see that as always being one of our core advantages and we continue to believe that. We're going to invest in those resources at retail.
John Bilbrey: Sure. There's a couple of things and we’re encouraged with some of the things we're seeing as we deconstruct the weekly data. So you’re correct, the non-seasonal FDMx sales has been the biggest drag in our business. So we feel good about the fact, the fourth quarter we saw improvement we continue to grow ahead of the category and it was really a result that we think improve focus on merchandising in specific channels. In FDMx it's a slower built there because the planning cycle is also different. But there’s a couple of things that we were seeing, and if we look at the weekly data when you get the most recent quarter, you're going to see that we're making good progression from a share standpoint. We think that reflects some of the changes we made in merchandising. One of the other things that we're seeing is a trips continue to be negative although they are getting better but negative and off course that continues to effect the consumer business, as everyday business, people log into story, you loose that instinct consumable piece. So we are very focused on that. There is a piece of data that I recently looked at for our brand specifically that would in the trip, there is an increase in actual purchase size. So the trips that we're getting purchase side is actually up. But the one caveat I make, keep in mind with the fourth quarter you have some seasonal, so that can be part of it. But in the weekly data, and this is all home scale information, we do have some really encouragement there. So I feel good about what I'm beginning to see anecdotally as you talked to retailers, I would say that I’m hearing some of those same kinds of sentiments echoed. And then of course we all are aware that the consumers had a lot of pressure at the bottom of the economic pyramid and its still yet to be seen how that consumer participates in the market. But for the total, I think I’m encouraged.
John Bilbrey: Let me take the pricing one first and then let Bert talk a little bit about the gross margin. The best way to think about the pricing is as we move through the year, there is still some activities that are under the old price certainly around the seasonal business. So you’ll begin to see that have a greater impact in Q2 and Q3 and then if you think about getting through the end of 2015, we continue to model the elasticity at about one to one rate in terms of volume and price. So by the time we get to the first quarter of 2016, our modeling would suggest that we’re back to a whole environment or back to 100 in terms of volume contribution to our growth. So that's the way I would think about it broadly. There is a lot of movement still, but as we look at some of our channel modeling, there is nothing that we're seeing that would cause us to believe that it would be any different than how we planned. As you know, when we were increasing advertising in a very rapid rate back in 2008, 2009 and 2011, there might have been a little bit of a faster conversion rate but we think the way we’ve currently model this its probably about right.
John Bilbrey: Alexia to your first question around the category my answer is no. I don’t think there is anything structural that's going on here. One interesting piece of that is, helpful penetration actually went up through our brands in 2014. And so I think the thing that we’re seeing is potentially several fold. So 2014 there were lot of moving parts in terms of macroeconomic influences on consumers so we see that. The trips piece for business like ours which has this everyday component is certainly an impacted people audience stores. And I think there is a real consumer strata influence there that I think has to be dealt with. Then in terms of let's just talk about the consumers themselves. I do believe there is an evolution always happening with consumers and the relationships they have with brands, I think some of the smaller brands have done a very good job of resonating with some of the on trend things that consumers talk about and we can talk separately about Krave here in a second of why we think that's on trend product uniquely positioned within that particular segment. But as we saw takeaway improved throughout the year, we feel we became a more competitive company, responding to some of the just things that are happening within the category and consumers of course have broader choices. What we see happening almost everywhere though and I'm very optimistic about how this plays to our strengths, is that snacking and snack and portable snacking is not just a short term, this is really a trend and its becoming a habit if you look at the way the number of meals people have during the day, they have broader options on the menu of how to participate that. We just have to be competitive and we have to be competitive with the brands we have that are within the core of the Hershey Company, our confectionary products, we are expending brands like Brookside which have a nice hallow effect of goodness. And then we also see ourselves as we’ve talked about expanding across a broader snacking continuum. And even if you talk - even if you think about China in a brand - our bean curd, in China that’s a product, it brings protein, it's on trend in terms of being a snacking on the go brand. So we just see that being more and more important in terms of consumer trend and so as a company we have to adapt to where the consumer head it. We talked about simple ingredients with GMO. So if you think about a chocolate bar, there is really only four components in a chocolate bar. So we should be talking about the simplicity of that in responding to the transparency that consumers want, and we’re doing that. So I'm very optimistic about all of these things. You set us up nicely to talk about Krave. Michelle Buck who is the President of North America was very, very involved with the acquisition for Krave. She's here so, why don’t I give her a chance to just talk for a couple of minutes about the acquisition.
John Bilbrey: Andrew I think the biggest thing in my mind is the ability for us to execute against I think a clear business model today than we've had in the past. I think that if you look what we’re doing in China and we’re going at a plan for thoughtful to execute against the right R&D, the right distribution, the consumer insights and supporting it with advertising et cetera. I think that’s where we're probably doing a much better job today than we have in the past. And so admittedly not all things work perfectly but I think that we have a clear sense of how we want to execute it against these – against these things and I expect this to be successful.
John Bilbrey: As we’ve thought about the category we certainly plan to go market share within that category. We think long term, the 3% to 4% growth rate for the category is still the right way to think about it. You know these things are sometimes a bit of up, sometime it's a bit low but as we’ve seen some improvement over the - as I talked earlier about, the quarter and the weeks et cetera, we think that it's still a good planning stand for this year to think about, positive category growth. And the most important thing is that in environment we have to win.
John Bilbrey: I think Eric if you look historically the premium as we sort of defined it over time, is somewhere around 7% or 8% of the total category in good economic times it always tends to grow and expand in terms of space, some of that growth is driven by distribution and then in more difficult economic times usually the distribution in category contraction goes along with it. I think what it speaks to in the current environment is the top end of the economic pyramid is fine and the consumer that participates there has the ability to participate. And I also think that part of the category has in many ways a clear message to the consumer also that is around sometime ingredients and so forth. So, I believe that’s what we are seeing more than anything else. I agree with you we have not done a good job in the premium space. We are spending a lot of time right now on how we want to participate in premium, we’re pushing up some within our – the middle of our portfolio certainly with products like Brookside which takes us up a little bit you’ll see some of the innovation we have this year which will also do that. And then we’re looking stronger our brands like Scharffen Berger and trying to make an effort to see how we can play differently with those brands. So we are not going to ignore that. I think in the past we have not done a good job. We want to reiterate ourselves a bit there and then its still problematic for the consumers are participating in the category. So you will see some category expansion from that space but I think the overall category really will continue to be driven by mass products.
John Bilbrey: I don’t recall the exact commentary from Q3 at this time but obviously you know when looking at the sales target this year in general, it is little bit lower than what we provided back in October. I mean obviously it does reflect how we exited the year particularly in the FDMx or call it legacy. Legacy channels that’s certainly is part of it as well.
John Bilbrey: I think excluding the M&A the 3 to 5% reflects M&A roughly a half of point greater than our expectation. Some of the international headwinds that Bert talked about on the international business that will have ending up around 10% up in 2015. And then again some of the trend certainly not getting back to what we thought it would be in the non seasonal business exiting in the fourth quarter. We think if it gets better what it probably is not going to get a bigger pick up until post Easter and the second quarter when some of the innovation starts to launch there.
John Bilbrey: One thing I would mention Chris and I know there were lot of moving parts in the fourth quarter but certainly in the North America business the third quarter one point time shift because of the volume certainly that was a headwind in the - for the fourth quarter but there were some positive that we certainly saw in the fourth quarter. I mean we saw the C-store class of trade did very well at the high end of our 3% to 4% long term category growth rates. One of our largest retail partner was - had takeaway in the fourth quarter certainly greater than the 3% to 4%, dollars store continue to do well. In the trends that we – again and we are seeing very early in January, are in pace with that, certainly in some of the FDMx, again building, not quite at the level of those other channels but getting better than we had given up the fourth quarter. So those are some signs of encouragement there.
John Bilbrey: I guess the way to think about it and hopefully you’ve this team now, is that and to clarify maybe what Bert said, we continue to feel very good about our business within CMG. I think Bert has set a category previous, we actually think the category could be some that, we think we will be better than the category. And we’ll gain shares just as we did this year and our result - if you look first half, second half from a takeaway and share perspective they are much different profiles.
John Bilbrey: I think the simplest way for me to address that is, as you get to learn more about Krave, you’ll really see how the positioning of the brand, we believe is very on trend and creates differentiation within that segment. We’re always looking for both in our product development as well as potential acquisitions for things and we believe could fit well with portable nutrition and broader snacking. We will always be diligent to not distract ourselves from the core business that we’re in but we are also in the consumer products business and have to make sure that we’re meeting what consumers are always desiring. We think that’s definitely within the core businesses that we’re in. And we think because of our go-to-market capabilities, our R&D and ability to make things taste great that there are opportunities for us in broader snacking.
John Bilbrey: Well first I tell you it feel challenging every day, but you know, I think the way to think about it is, we feel good about our long term guidance. We know that there’s going to be these periods of times where there’s pressure on businesses and you know, if we look back I’m sure over our 120 year history and I remember hearing people talk about cocoa being at $7,000 a ton and the world was going to end. There are always, these periods of times, which seem more challenging maybe than others. But if you think about our footprint and our portfolio, the countries that we’re focused against, despite there maybe currency headwinds and these kinds of things, these are some of the best high growth GDP markets around. We don't have a lot of legacy businesses that we have to drag along with it. I look at China by itself and, largely we're a Hershey’s business there, more specifically we’re a Hershey's kisses businesses there. As we expand our category, our portfolio within the category, that gives us a tremendous amount of runway. We advertise in - like I think only about 20% or 25% of the cities that the leading competitor in the market does. So as we continue to expand that, and our household penetration grows, we can talk about what’s the right GDP for China, but if think about an emerging middle class and our portfolio over time, we have a tremendous amount of runway there. And so as we execute against our business model in a thoughtful, plan-full way, we have this very precious North American business that I have a tremendous amount of confidence in. I think that our guidance is absolutely right for the long term. We want to continue to be acquisitive and so I think we've got great future.
John Bilbrey: Well we have people in our organization in specifically in our both R&D as well as our supply chain that have a lot of experience in their background specifically within protein and in meats. So while it maybe a new endeavor for some of our folks it’s certainly not for all of our people, we’re acquiring what we thing are people with great skill sets. Obviously we’ll do everything we can to learn as much about the business as fast as we can. But when you think about food science we have a technical center with 250 professionals sitting over there many of them PhD’s in food science and they already are experts in proteins. We certainly don’t go into anything with any arrogance we’re going to be eager to learn, but we also believe that we bring some capabilities to the category that will service as well.
John Bilbrey: All right. Thank you for joining us today and we'll see you all in a few weeks at the CAGNY conference.
Bert Alfonso: You started the questions by started comparing what we were thinking in the third quarter versus more recently. And if you think about the international side, a half of point is really just incremental drag from FX, back then we’re thinking closer to half a point today, we’re firmly at a point and we'll see where that goes, hopefully the dollar starts to stabilize a bit. When we look at international business, we're probably closer to around 13% back than we alluded to 10 as J.P. mentioned. The macro economy has got little tougher in places like Brazil and Mexico. We saw a little bit of slow down in China in the fourth quarter but we worry less about that. We've had a lot of momentum going into Chinese New Year but certainly what J.P. talked about in terms of some pickup on the everyday business and little bit lower expectations at least for 2015 in international is what makes the biggest difference. We also had a little pressure on our export business which while is not huge is very profitable and as you can imagine the currency into some of these markets also has some impact.
Bert Alfonso: We're hoping for - although we haven't baked it into our plans, gradual improvement. But we would say back half versus first half.
Bert Alfonso: Let me try to fill your end on your question around gross margin. As we think about our gross margin expansion, we're expecting 135 to 145 basis points. We are coming off the year when we’re actually down at gross margin first time in a long time. We did start to see a pick up in the fourth quarter slightly below what we thought. When you look at our year end year commodities, I won't talk specifically about hedging program but clearly cocoa is still on average at higher prices than it was in our 2014 standard. And that’s really a function of - as we roll out of commodity program in a environment of increasing costs and we've seen cocoa increase pretty dramatically. Obviously, you may have some of the lower hedges rolling off and are buying into little bit higher market. So, while we’ve seen some improvement recently and that’s good. We still have cocoa that's higher than 2014 level. So that does have some, a bit of an impact in terms of how you’re thinking about the expansion. The other thing as J.P. mentioned, our profile for 2015 is driven by pricing. So we are expecting five to six points of pricing and one to two points of lower volume. And that lower volume does pressure our absorption in the plans, and so you don’t get the full benefit of that until as you get later in the year as J.P. mentioned we start to recover the pre price increase volume. So some volume impact doesn’t work through the price of elasticity. And while some commodities are clearly in a better place like dairy, and sugar we do still have higher cocoa prices year-on-year. So that’s helping to mitigate to some degree what might be otherwise larger growth margin expansion.
Bert Alfonso: In the first quarter we certainly have the mix of Easter at the lower or old prices right, because that particular season is still protected. Once you get beyond that, then you have seasons. So if you do have that, and J.P. already talked about the everyday business starting to improve but the more that improves quicker, the better we look on a mix basis. We did have as is already explained, not as good a mix in 2014 as we thought we would just based on the every day. So certainly a first quarter impact on Easter at old prices, and then improving throughout the year as pricing kicks in.
Bert Alfonso: We will probably get deeper at CAGNY but I think your point is a good one, we have seen depreciating currency not so much in China even though there we’ve seen slight - that certainly has had an impact. We continue to invest behind the brands because we think we’re in the right top line response. So I always as we think about our margins overseas we could be if you think about 2017, but we think directionally we still in the heading in the right direction, our China margins are very, very close to company average which is our biggest expanding business. And right now we are seeing a blip in our exports and in markets like Brazil. So there is certainly possibly we could be off by a year but I think directionally we are still on path to get what we said as low double digit like by 17, 18 yes.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah let me try to clarify that for you below gross margin. What J.P. mentioned was that, certainly our advertising would be higher year-on-year and we’re talking in the neighborhood of two times sales. There is something that you should try to understand on SG&A. The SG&A as we planned it out with M&A is going to be in the mid-teens. If you strip Alan Candy, crave which we're expecting will close in the first quarter. And then the biggest piece by far Shanghai Golden Monkey that gets you down sort of the high single digits. And it's that mid teen to high single digits with and without M&A so apples-to-apples that should make it sort to think about what happens below that. Not that advertising up 20%, we are saying it's going to be up around two times sales.
Bert Alfonso: You know a couple of other things as you start to lap, the SNAP which was an event that back in November the previous year in 2013, so you start to get that back into the base. And then I think the unknown and keep in mind we never talk about gas prices in terms of leading sales up and down. So in difficult times we seem to be pretty good in terms of those linkages. However, what we don't know to answer to yet, I don’t think is that the real income that the lower fuel prices are bringing to consumers is really significant. So how that makes it way through to behavior, I don’t think we know yet but I think that’s more likely a positive than a negative, I would say for food in general and consumer products in general and then obviously we’re going to fight for our share there.
