Steve Voskuil: Yes, the way you laid it out, Andrew, is correct. The pricing that we're counting on that 3% or so, a lot of it's carryover, some of it from 2022 to Easter and Valentine's Day, some we took mid last year on everyday chocolate and then a small increase we announced earlier this year on grocery items and food service. And you're right, when we think about the impact of future price increase, we're really challenged in the first half of this year just because of the ERP implementation, like you said, it puts some limitations on what we can do. And you can imagine enormous collaboration between us and retailers to execute that transformation. So we're trying to keep things very stable during that period. And so further price increases should they come with benefit more the back half of the year and probably more so 2025.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes, it's not banking on cocoa relief and it's not banking on some kind of surge in the consumer or really even a surge in the base business. The biggest factor is really two things driving it. One is the lapse from last year. And as we started out really strong the first quarter last year and then ran into things like softer, salty category growth in popcorn, the ERP implementation in salty, and then the change in strategy at a key retailer. So as we think about the lapse of those, that's one factor that impacts this profile because the lapse gets much easier in the back half. And then the second thing you mentioned, Andrew, are things in our control. So the savings on the agility and automation initiative will get more traction in the back half again because the ERP places some limitations there. The same with productivity in the manufacturing areas, back half loaded. And so those will accumulate as we turn the corner from the first half and pivot from the ERP sort of period of stability to period of driving impacts against those savings initiatives. So it's really lapse combined with the things in our control.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, we look at a variety of things, as you can imagine. I'll say the fundamentals. And when I say look at, we have an internal team of experts in this domain, but we also have outside folks who also give us points of view to make sure we're not myopic in the way we look at the market and what's happening. But we look at the fundamentals, we look at grind data, we look at crop yields, we look at weather, we look at all of those fundamentals and, of course, demand. But at the same time, there's a lot of financial activity, transactional sort of activity and speculation that overlays the fundamentals. And it's been difficult, certainly, to untangle those two pieces. And so, that's part of the reason that we have a hedging program is that, we're not here to try to outsmart the market and beat the speculators per se. We want to make sure that we have visibility and have the opportunity to reduce volatility to the extent we can in the P&L. But it's certainly a very dynamic market.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. If you look at it, kind of break it into two pieces, I'll just say commodities of which I'll just say cocoa and sugar are the two most inflationary. Low double digit inflation, if you look at other parts of the P&L, it's more mid-single digit. So if you sort of average it over everything, it's high single digit.
Steve Voskuil: No, we're excited. We're going to get through ERP. We'll have 95% of our business all on one platform and the opportunities that will unlock. And then as Michelle said, thinking ahead to things like integrated demand planning and bringing more automation to supply chain. These were things we had in the vision before, but now we're much closer to being able to make them realized.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, the only thing I would add is everything is on track. Yes, we're proceeding per plan and the cost savings project that we talked about doesn't have any direct impact on those plans other than as we look to the future, more opportunities to automate and create some agility and supply chain beyond those projects, so.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes, I'll give a highlight that the prepared remarks actually have a good section on that. So whatever I missed here, refer back to that. But with overall full year basis down 200 basis points, as you said, we're going to see more of that in the first half than the second half for some of the reasons we talked about even earlier in this Q&A session. We will have in the second half higher commodity inflation, but in the second half, we'll begin to see more benefits from continuous improvements, so manufacturing cost savings, the agility and automation program that we talked about will kick into more gear in the second half as we get past the ERP process. And then we're lapping some one-time costs in the back half related to Salty and the ERP program. So those laps plus the accumulated benefits that pick up on the savings side are what drive the biggest inflection from a gross margin standpoint as we look at the second half having less drag than the first half.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, our hedging strategy has not changed. Our kind of principles around how we manage commodities hasn't changed. It's a dynamic market, and we're not going to comment too much about future pricing. Our business, as Michelle said, we've seen cycles like this before. We've got a lot of tools at our disposal to manage the impact of cocoa, and we plan to use all of those, so.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, we're not applying the same approach we did with Salty in that respect. We'll still be building inventory in the first quarter, we'll still be draining that inventory in the second quarter just to de-risk the transition, but we are not going the extra step of like freezing from all activity in store, merchandising promotion. We have a full merchandising and promotion plan. Those are going to proceed, they were planned well in advance and we have full confidence in being able to support them. So that is a difference.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, so when we did our investor conference back in March, we talked about incremental productivity savings in the manufacturing area. So this is incremental to that to start with. This is beyond that. As Michelle said, in the longer term view, we saw these as opportunities, but it's new opportunities really built off the back of some of the technology now coming to fruition is the way to think about it.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes. So we have sort of three pricing components that are embedded into the Outlook. I touched on a couple of these earlier. There's the Easter Valentine's Day action that was taken in 2022, that's reflected this year. There's everyday chocolate increase that we executed mid last year, that's reflected. And then there's a small new price increase on some grocery and food service items that really went just into effect this month. So that's happening right now. Those are the only assumptions that are embedded in the outlook right now.
Steve Voskuil: It's going to be less contraction. Yes, the contraction will be more significant in the first half, less in the back half.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the segment margins, you're right. The confection business is going to bear the brunt of the margin impact due to cocoa. Salty margins are up for 2024 year-over-year. And that's even on the back of some pretty heavy investment. And so we feel good about the journey that we're on there. It's not impacted, obviously, by the cocoa component. On the second question, could you just say the question again? I want to make sure I heard that one.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes. Well, let me first say we're not cutting to the bone. That's not the intent of the program at all. We want to continue to protect the brands and the capabilities that give us differentiated opportunities in market. When you look at operating expenses, if you look back over time, definitely getting more fixed cost leverage, the business is bigger. Even with a little bit slower growth year in 2024 than we've seen the last couple of years, we get significant leverage. We have efficiencies elsewhere in the P&L, efficient driving efficiencies through the P&L is an every year activity. And that's not new. And we've also seen more efficiencies in the international business. If you think back, the margins were quite a bit lower a couple of years ago before we made some of the transformational moves there. So a combination of all of those things have led to the improvements that we're seeing, but we're not cutting so far that we feel we're putting in jeopardy any of our key capabilities or growth potential.
Michele Buck: Yes, thanks Ken. As we are big believers and our business model relies on media as a key lever to continue to drive our brands over the long-term. We're constantly, we feel good about media going up in line with sales. We also constantly look to try and make those dollars work harder and harder for us. And we've made some pivots in terms of some of our targeting that are actually going to give us expanded reach levels that will be greater than sales. So the impact we will get from that media will be more than the dollar increase, but we will constantly evaluate that. And if we are seeing even better than we expected, we'll revisit decisions and decide if we should be spending more as we always do during the year.
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean, I think what we saw this year was we did start to see some pressure in the category related to value. The fact that popcorn wasn't quite have as much satiety as some other snacks and we saw some private label entries also get some focus. So I think what needs to happen and then compounded by that, in the back half of the year, we are the number one or number two player depending on the time frame in the category. And in the back half of the year, around our ERP implementation, we pulled back on merchandising and advertising support to make sure that we didn't have issues with supply. So that certainly had an impact as well. So as we've gone into this year, what we think needs to happen, we have done. So we have made some improvements in the value proposition, introduced a value side, a bigger pack. We've sharpened some of our merchandising price points and also increased merchandising. And we are back to a much heavier investment in advertising and innovation that we've had over time. So we think we'll continue to see some of that lap through the first five months of the year and then really rebound to nice growth and market share gains in the back half.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. I'd say there are two things that have really created some nice momentum on the business. One was we saw consumers have a huge affinity to the seasonal traditions. And we had very strong growth in the category in both Halloween and holiday. And we also won share. So that was certainly a key driver. And as you mentioned, we had talked about earlier this year, the opportunity for us in 2024 to really dial up innovation. We had a later year in 2023. Our innovation for 2024 is up about a third versus where it was in 2023. And we're really excited that we have some big innovations. Reese's Caramel, we believe will be a very nice addition. And that's doing well in Q4, continues to. We'll be featured on the Super Bowl. So you can look for that as well. And then we have some exciting sweets innovation later in the year.
Michele Buck: Yes, so we are up about 35% higher in terms of innovation versus prior year. And we are up slightly versus pre-pandemic as well. I think we've chosen not to talk about innovation as a percent of net sales.
Michele Buck: Okay. So I'll take the first question, first relative to market share. We expect to see sequential improvement as we go throughout the year. The first half will be pressured by a shorter Easter. Easter comes much earlier this year. And also we will have about five, roughly five months in the first half of lapping the reduced merchandising and distribution at that one key retailer. And we know from this past year, the impact of that was about two points in total. We offset about one point of that on a takeaway basis. So that will pressure share. In the second half, we then are past those laps of the shorter Easter and the retail merch. And so we expect to see sequential improvement and to end the year in a much better place than where we're starting. As I think about our pricing strategy, I'd say what is consistent is our goal to cover inflation with price over time. Within that, how exactly we do that relative to smaller, shorter, more frequent, or bigger, the timing and the magnitude, to me are heavily influenced by other factors, such as where our input costs and general inflation are. So I think, yes, that the overall, we have a strategy to expand growth margins to price to cover inflation and allow reinvestment. That hasn't changed, but how we go about doing that will be a bit different. We're also very much focused, price pack architecture is an opportunity, all the tools in the lever.
Michele Buck: Yes, we felt like we got really good learning through the Salty and this was our plan to do Mexico first, then Salty and then the mother ship. And we got really good learning that we've been able to just incorporate and fine tune along the way. We also don't have the complexity as quite as many different systems that we have to bring together with our business as we did with all of the acquisitions.
Michele Buck: Yes, so we're expecting our elasticities to be similar to the historic levels. So that's our key assumption.
Michele Buck: And we've really beefed up or are beefing up our capabilities in technology. We hired a CDTO in the fourth quarter who's really bringing us capability and further expanding what we can do as a company, we believe.
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean, I'd say first of all, overall with the consumer, certainly I think there is some increase in consumer confidence. We've seen unemployment rates, employment be stable. However, we do continue to see some value-seeking behavior in some pockets of consumers. We believe that the behavior across confection has largely normalized and we think that we have some of the right steps in place to kind of offset that satiety issue that we've seen with popcorn in areas like adjusting value across different pack types, enhancing marketing communication in ways that, build the value proposition. So we do expect that we'll start to see some normalization in popcorn as we go through the year.
Michele Buck: Yes, no problem. We continue to feel great about the salty snack business and their long-term potential. We've seen such tremendous growth over time. There's no change to our long-term outlook. Our long-term outlook and the algorithm has always been around mid-single-digit growth. We had never expected low double-digit on the long-term. We had expected originally that this year might be a bit stronger but not on a long-term basis. So no change to that long-term outlook.
Michele Buck: Yes, it's really some of both. Certainly there's power to that visibility of all of these great brands together. Our salty brands now are two of our top ten brands. So they have the velocity that warrant being with some of our other really major brands. And then of course it does encourage some of that cross household purchase as well.
Michele Buck: We still do have some distribution upside on Dot's. So I'd say more than several points of distribution upside still remain.
Michele Buck: We always really do look across the entire bundle. And certainly, we have some trade spending increases in 2024. And so we look at what's the right bundle across DME, across marketing, consumer marketing and trade that we think will have the biggest impact and most efficiently on driving revenue. So it is some of balancing the total view of all of that spending together, which is a big area of focus for us. How do we make it all together work as hard as each individual piece.
