Steve Voskuil: Sure. Happy to. So yes, we are still calling for modest gross margin expansion on a full year basis. As you noted and we had in the remarks, there were some transitory impacts in the first quarter, some lapping from last year, some also cost in response to the higher volume. As we look forward for the rest of the year, some of the things that are strengths for us, the productivity gains, the additional volume, the pricing that you referenced, all of that will be part of building that gross margin. So far, for the first quarter and even as we look out for the year, I would say our inflation assumptions are largely tracking to what we had in plan, and the one exception that we noted was packaging. And I think that is one we'll watch. Our expectation is that inflation will moderate some as the year plays out, impacted a bit by weather in Texas for the first quarter. So that's one we're watching, and then in any carry forward of incremental cost to support the higher volume. And with more runway here in the balance of the year, we'll have more opportunities to optimize between customer service and manufacturing capacity and the cost of support. So we're keeping a close watch on all those. But yes, at this point, we still see some gross margin expansion over the course of the year.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. So we see it total pricing for this year across all the price increases, order of magnitude about 100 basis points, about half of that is the non-chocolate piece. And again, reference there is we haven't priced that part of the portfolio since 2014. So this is in line with our broader strategy. We've talked about of rotating and refreshing pricing in parts of the portfolio.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. It depends on which parts of the portfolio that we would price. Obviously, the seasonal part takes a pretty long lead time. And so really, that's not something that would be in the card for this year. On an everyday basis, we probably need at least three to four months of lead time. And so you could say there's still some optionality there, if we were to see some worst case scenarios from a cost standpoint. Right now, that's not in the plan. I think we feel good about the plan that we have for pricing. But as I said, we'll monitor what's happening from a cost standpoint.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. From a dilution standpoint, I mean, you're in the right ZIP code. It's a bit dilutive to the overall margin. Obviously, that piece of the business, as we've talked about in prior calls, has gotten bigger. But at the same time, we continue to look for ways to drive efficiency there and optimize inside that business to bring those margins closer in line with the rest of the portfolio.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. It's a multiyear process for sure. I mean, the scale does help. We get more scale across some of the investments and capabilities that we put there. So there is some benefit there in the present, but really to address the full dilution, it's going to be a multiyear process.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. So maybe just taking the incentive piece. So yes, we will see some additional incentives that I go versus prior in second quarter as well. As we get to the back half of the year, it's going to get a little bit narrower year-on-year. And so – but we'll definitely see some impact in the second quarter. We also have some year-over-year investments in capabilities. I think we touched on these a little bit in our last call, still some costs going through OpEx to support Supply Chain 2.0 that Michele mentioned and also the ERP program. So those would be, if I kind of look between the lines, some of the pieces year-over-year, that will be different.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes. I mean, you're right, Ken, we're not going to get too specific. Our hedging horizons vary. We kind of said in the past three months up to two years, depending on what's available on the market, liquidity, pricing, and I will say our commodities team is very good at interpreting the signals and trying to make smart moves with respect to that hedging program. Beyond that, we're probably not going to comment and said cocoa's moved around. It's down a little bit. I'll like you might interpret that as some opportunity if you were to be a little bit longer from a hedging standpoint, but we really don't want to say any more than that yet about 22.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. From a quarterly standpoint, as we look at Q2, building on what Michele said, we've got a lot of momentum on the top line coming into Q2. We're able to merchandise early. Some of the summer season, that will get us off to a – to a strong start. As we go forward from there on the top line, you're going to see sales growth moderate. The last get tougher. You'll see pricing start to make a contribution more in the back half. And as Michelle said, our plan assumed mobility would begin to recover as we got to the back half. So that's less of a new piece of the story as we turn the corner on the midyear. And then we'll see some margin improvement as the year progresses. You mentioned ad spending for Q2. It's going to be up pretty big. Year-over-year, that was – the quarter last year where we made some adjustments, some pricing advantage because it was cheaper to buy and some pricing or some adjustments in how much we spent just in response to COVID. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on the balance of the quarter.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Nik. So let me first go to the space question. As we started out for the year, we always have a focused plan, focused on balanced growth across all levers, driving base velocity, using media to accelerate growth, growth in seasons, distribution gains. So that's always a focus for us. And we are fortunate that we have been able, given the strength of our performance of our supply chain, particularly overall, but also during COVID and some of the needs of our customers to be able to provide some incremental SKUs that were very viable, that our customers were looking for, and we gained about five incremental SKUs for the year. And so certainly, with that comes some shelf space gains. So that's something we've been focused on. As we get that distribution and we get shelf space now, that certainly has some staying power as long as those SKUs perform, which we anticipate that they will. So we are continuing to be focused on that. And as we look throughout the year, believe, we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to drive distribution as well as shelf space gains. And certainly, that kind of coincides with some of the share gains that we have seen on the business have been driven by that. As we look at online momentum as it relates to our supply chain, we've talked before about Supply Chain 2.0, a big initiative that we have to really prepare our business and enable our manufacturing and supply chain for the future. And certainly, as we build that program and that initiative, one of the key legs that we were focused on was the agility to enable us to adapt to the changing retail environment and specifically, e-commerce being one of those areas, because a lot of the packs sold in e-commerce are slightly different than those sold across the business. So some of those investments that we're making there enable us to more efficiently at a better margin, develop the right packs that enable us to win in e-commerce. So big focus in Supply Chain 2.0 against that and in all of our new capacity builds.
Michele Buck: Yes. So I continue to feel really good about this being a very rational category from a pricing perspective and there being strong discipline from that perspective. Our recent announcements regarding increasing price on seasons and also non chocolate and grocery are very consistent with the strategy we've been executing over the past couple of years of realizing price through different levers and on different parts of the portfolio. And we think that, that's proven effective for us to drive profitable growth and also be able to reinvest in the business, both for us and also for our retailers. But we do know that across competitors in the category, we each do have unique portfolios with different SKUs to our business across pack types and across brands, we have some different capabilities in terms of what we are good at executing and perhaps even different business needs at different points in time. And so while all the pricing isn't exactly pack-to-pack, exactly the same, what we think is important is while those tactics and products might differ, overall, category price realization is pretty consistent. And so if you look at us and you look at the largest player in the second largest player in the category, the magnitude and difference in terms of what we each are getting from price is probably a point or in that range. So it's a significant – it's not a significant difference between.
Michele Buck: Sure. So relative to the away-from-home strength, I would say it is across the board. So first of all, we did see stronger foot traffic and consumer mobility in North America, and that was really, I believe, from the accelerated vaccine distribution as well as from the stimulus funds that were allocated and that not only drove strength in what we would call our core channels, kind of the more traditional channel, food, drug mass and even some pickup in convenience in Q1. It also had – there was also a very strong positive impact on our non-measured channels as well. So, food service, our own retail stores in a world travel retail some of those businesses that were really big decliners for us last year came faster than we anticipated. So I would say, it was pretty much across the board in terms of all of those venues improving a bit more than we had anticipated. So, some of it was due to the consumer traffic. And then, of course, we were able to also capture incremental distribution and merchandising in our US confection business. And given the strong sell-through that we saw, driven by mobility and foot traffic, strong sell-through Easter then led to accelerated shipments of some of our summer programs, which also helped us across the board. And then even beyond North America, we actually saw increased mobility in the international markets as well, a bit more than we had expected. So with that, I think those were unplanned for us in Q1. We certainly had planned to see those mobility improvements later in the year and have that in our plan, but not in Q1. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve to talk a little bit about the quarters.
Michele Buck: Yes. So I think you're right. It is a little bit tough to parse all of that out. So I would say we came into the year feeling really good about our strategies. And many of those we have laid out pre-COVID relative to really focused on we got to win at the top line with balanced growth, which is driving against distribution, the core innovation, seasons, pricing and volume growth. And I think what we're seeing on the business is that we are delivering on each of those elements. And so certainly, that is a piece that I think has staying power that some of the strategies we put in place relative to pre-COVID optimizing our balanced focus on the core and on innovation, not over rotating on innovation too much. Not over rotating on any one factor, balancing price volume, one of those things. So I think that there is some underlying strength there as well as a lot of the investments that we've made in our core capabilities in our manufacturing and our supply chain over the year that have enabled us to deliver perhaps at stronger levels than perhaps some others in the marketplace. And so some of that strength that we're seeing in terms of impact of media, those types of things, they're there without the COVID impact. We tend to always, as you know, strong category managers. So we do tend to do well when it comes to winning at retail. We have our proprietary retail sales force that enable us to do that. At the same time, I say, I guess, if I was going to parse out some places where some of the current dynamics maybe a little bit more transitory. Certainly, we have one more distribution than, I would say, it's probably at the historic level in terms of number of new items, because of our strength in being able to operate in this environment and our agility, we have won some incremental march [ph] associated with the competitive situation as well. So for me, I guess, I kind of – I narrow into probably those two factors being probably the biggest ones that are the most unique. And of course, the other one is that right now in Q1, you asked more about a couple of quarters, in Q1, in particular, we've kind of got that unique duality where we're seeing that we're benefiting both from away-from-home and from at-home behaviors, both being strong. And certainly, I think that, that can't sustain at the level that it did in Q1. So we do think that, that's going to moderate a bit. Does that help yes.
Michele Buck: First of all, I'd say, hey, we feel great that we are seeing strength across every piece of our business. In North America, in every component of North America, including US confection and amplify as well as in international. So that's great to see. And certainly, we did have a strong first quarter in international that was significantly ahead of our expectation. I think what was interesting for us was that despite this fact that COVID cases were high in many of those markets, consumer mobility still increased, and that drove demand for our category that was stronger than we anticipated. I think the potential concern and certainly, as you look at the news, you see this everywhere is there certainly are some pretty dire situations, especially in some of the markets that we're in, but certainly, India being one of those, where case counts are rising. There are other markets where the vaccination dissemination is going quite slowly. And as new lockdowns are implemented, we expect that those could hamper mobility and that these trends could moderate. So we know international, things are always volatile, but they certainly are even more volatile during this time. And those markets are not going to have linear behavior. So we expect that we'll see continued volatility. What we're trying to do is to drive what's within our control, and our teams are responding with tremendous agility in adapting the plans based on the stages and the status in each market. So we feel good that all of our key initiatives, whether it's our China transition to the new business model, a restart or upping again our focus in India on our chocolate initiative, all of those things are going well. But there's just a lot outside of our control, and we'll have to see how the year plays out. If things are positive, certainly, there could be upside. And – however, we also know that there could be downside as well.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. I mean, I think one of the things that we feel good about that COVID just reinforced was the strength of the breadth of our portfolio to be able to participate in different occasions. And so I would start first within core confections and say, we have a – our business splits a-third, a-third, a-third, instant consumables, which are all about people being out and about on the go; take home, which is all about people being at home and consuming the products there; and then seasons, which is all about celebrations. And so within confection, what we saw was, wow, normally, we might focus a bit more of our efforts on instant consumable. And when COVID hit, we were able to immediately shift media, in store merchandising, et cetera, more to our take-home portfolio. And we also saw that during a time like COVID, consumers were just hungry for connection and so the roles that our brands play during season to create that connectivity and traditions and rituals with something consumers just were so hungry for. So really leveraging the full breadth of that within confection was important. You raised baking and certainly, consumers were baking more, and we were able to leverage that as part of our portfolio. So I think what it really taught us was this ability to pivot to follow the consumer and to focus on the parts of our portfolio that were most relevant to them at that time. And as I think – if we think organic and inorganic likewise, we were able to take advantage of SkinnyPop which has done incredibly well during COVID. And certainly, we know that category like nutrition bars haven't done quite as well. So it's really playing on the pieces of your portfolio at the right piece of time, but having the options and the breadth across the portfolio to be able to meet those needs.
