David W. Tacka: So the Project Next Century savings are pretty well completed. We've completed that project, and the savings were pretty much all flowing through. In the back half of the year, the gross margin is impacted by the higher commodity costs versus last year, but with respect to the fourth quarter, we really just begin to lap where we started having the higher cost last year.
David W. Tacka: Well, I mean, I think in terms of how we look at the business, so I think the #1 thing we will look at is our strategic fit. And so, again, when we look at acquisitions, we're trying to find things that will be both in our focus markets, and that will add to our ability to grow or ability -- or our capabilities. Those capabilities could be portfolio. They could be distribution or route to market. Those are really our key factors. Economically, we use a discounted cash flow model and clearly look at the return, and we use that to make sure we're disciplined in terms of the pricing. With respect to the Russell Stover, I really don't care to comment any further on that one.
David W. Tacka: Sure. I think where we wind up there is that, as it affects the international business, that was a bit greater than what we expected. And as it related to North America, Canada was a little bit more favorable than we expected.
David W. Tacka: Canada was a little bit more favorable. International was a little bit more unfavorable. So on balance, we were pretty close to what we expected.
David W. Tacka: No. I mean, our guidance as of the last quarter was basically what we expected at that time, and not anticipating the price increase. As we've said, we really don't expect the price increase to have a significant impact in 2014. I mean, in the fourth quarter, we'll see some instant consumable pricing, and some of that will be offset by volume, but again, given the elasticities, we don't see much impact. The change in the gross margin versus the last guidance is really about the continued high pricing in dairy costs and also the mix that we saw in the second quarter.
David W. Tacka: I guess kind of 2 points. With respect to your first one, and we do disclose our metrics in the proxy. Gross margin, actually, gross margin level is not a part of our comp program, but it's a key part of how we get to our earnings, and so that's how I would address that. The second part of your question, as you're looking at 2015, we're not really ready to give 2015 guidance. But what I would say to you is that as we've taken the price increase, we've looked at our gross margin as part of that.
David W. Tacka: Well, I think given the timing of the price increase and how it executes, I wouldn't expect to see a big swing between the third and fourth quarter because the buy-in period here would run into August and would ship pretty well clean out in September.
David W. Tacka: Yes. I mean, in the first quarter, I mean, I think we laid out the challenge in Mexico and also the challenge in Brazil, and we said we would see some sequential improvement as we go through the year, and we definitely saw that in the second quarter. So our results there were pretty much in line with what we we're expecting.
David W. Tacka: What I would add is in the things that we've gone through and we've talked about in responding to the situation from the first part of the year is that there's activities that we're putting right around our base products. And so that -- the limited editions have a very limited focused role, and that's just to obtaining some level of merchandising and news. And as J.P. said, the big difference is that we really are focused. The innovation now is really focused on more meaningful and sustainable activities.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think there's a combination of things, and let me point a couple of things out about the cost. There's the GRP efficiency, which we've gained, which is a piece of it because of a change we made there in the process. And then one of the things that you don't see is the nonworking piece or the production cost piece, which is a meaningful number for us this year as well. So in terms of absolute GRPs, I think that we're good there as we look at our current plan. I think the way to think about the merchandising is, is as we look at the total snacking continuum, we've seen a significant increase in overall quality merchandising, especially in some specific channels like C-store. It's not that merchandising is necessarily at a deep discount versus where you might think it has been historically. It's really more of a competitive environment and the range of choice that the consumer has. So some of that snacking is being where -- I think, if you look over the last couple of years, a lot of that growth has been led by CMG. I think what you're seeing in the current environment is that there's more on the floor, and it's more competitive across total snacking. So the choice the consumer has is broader versus absolute price being a driver.
John P. Bilbrey: No, I don't -- no, I don't think so. I mean, as you know, we've got great coverage in C-store. For us, I think it was really about programming and what we saw with competitive programming, particularly in the first quarter and in continuing into the second quarter. I know there's some of the things that I talked about that we're going to be responding to, and then, of course, our innovation is much more significant in the second half. So we feel good about our stance, but it's a competitive environment.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Let me answer it in 2 different pieces. First of all, on the innovation front for our brands, we've got what we believe is a very strong innovation pipeline in the second half. We've talked about some of that, and then, of course, we've added some incremental things. So we think we're going to be competitive there. If you really dig into the data of what's going on, part of what we've seen, which is different than what we've seen in the past is that our everyday business didn't do as well as we would have hoped it would have in this particular timeframe. I think the forces and factors are some of the things that we talked about. The independent C-store in CMG did not do as well, and I think you have a consumer who's more challenged than in maybe the more modern C-store channel, where gas is a part of the overall mix. And then one of the unique things, as we look at our data, is remember, last year, Hostess, Twinkie, some of the bakery segment was not participating in the category. This year, they are. And while they haven't participated at a significant price discount, the percent of merchandising over the quarter that they had their products merchandised was very high. So you saw meat snacks did very well. Salty snacks did well. Bakery did well, and so the growth was really led there across the snacking continuum more so than it was with CMG, and those are some things that we have to respond to as we go forward.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think -- yes, I think you can say that, in the first quarter, as we kind of go back and keep score there. But as we look at our overall growth algorithm of getting a minimum of 1 point of our growth from innovation, and as you know, we've been more in the 2-point range, what we'll do is we feel very good about our pipeline. We'll be pulling some things forward in that pipeline, as it relates to the U.S. business so we don't feel as though we don't have initiatives that can bring a lot of value to us, and then that pipeline will also have a focus on the core. And if you look -- again, just recall from my remarks, if you look at the first and second quarter, we did well on Kit Kat. We did well on Reese's. We did well on Brookside, and so we just need to make sure that we've got the right timing and phasing of that innovation.
John P. Bilbrey: We don't think so. I think that there's broadly consumers you can see over time have changing a relationships with food. If you look at total snacking, snacking continues to grow as a total category. And then one of the things that we've talked about is if you look at the core confectionary category, people come to the category as a reward-me category. They know it's indulgent. It's not a food group. They tend to -- it tends to represent about 2% of total caloric intake. So it's self-regulating in many respects. So as we think about the future, we're thinking about the total snacking continuum. That can be everything from indulgent to more functional, but remember, the chocolate segment in the category really continues to do well. It's just simply in the last quarter that wasn't led as largely by us as it has been in the previous time frames.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. So to answer the second part, it's really versus a planning stance without pricing, is what I would say there. Andrew, we always model a one-to-one ratio on all of our pricing. You're correct in that, the last couple of pricing moves we've seen with a significant increase in advertising spend in the category, which reminded consumers why they participated in the category, we experienced something more like 0.6, 0.7 conversion rate. And so the things that we're talking about would have the modeling of one-to-one. Obviously, I'd like to see us do better than that, and we'll keep you posted on what that looks like. So we would hope to see conversion with shorter timelines and faster conversion rates, but the modeling is one-to-one.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think there's one component that you didn't talk about, and we have a meaningful export business as a part of that international business. So it's not all about just the focus markets, but we also have a very good structured export business that continues to do very well, and that's also a really profitable business. I think it's important to keep in perspective in Brazil that it's a relative -- we have a relatively modest size business there, and we continue to build distribution and presence on shelves. So a lot of our potential there is really around increasing the portfolio size, and it's really increasing brand presence. So those are fundamentals that we believe that as we continue to execute against that, we'll continue to grow there. So I think while a lot of those macro things are important, we also have another lever that works well for us. In terms of the Mexican business, we've continued to grow our chocolate share there. There's some macro-economic issues that seem to be impacting the consumer there. So I can't really predict, going forward, what I see there in terms of pace of recovery in terms of the total market. But I think those markets will get better versus worse, and then I think we will continue to do well in China, and as well as these other markets. Just remember, within our strategies, as we talk about being focused on specific geographies, it's also about expanding the portfolio. In a lot of these markets, we have a very modest portfolio still at this point in time. So again, I think the fundamentals of how we grow are very much in our favor, and I think that's why more broadly we could feel optimistic about the continued growth process in international businesses.
John P. Bilbrey: You've seen what I've seen in the general marketplace. So I can't really comment or provide any analysis on what they may or may not have done, but I'm sure that will reveal itself as time passes.
John P. Bilbrey: What I can do is I don't have the number right in front of me. But if you want to call Mark, we're more than happy to provide you specifically that information. I just don't have the number at the -- on the top of my mind. I apologize for that.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I do believe we're sticking to our long-term philosophy. I think part of what is going to happening is, is you're going to continue to see the balance over the first and second half as we support innovation. We've also gotten a number of our brands more towards the top of the curve of our advertising efficiency. So it doesn't require necessarily the same levels of increase. It's really much more around the mix of where you apply some of that advertising. So if you were to really look at where we've rebalanced some of that advertising, you would see some brand, individual brands, that have gotten some pretty significant increases in advertising. Maybe some others that have been deemphasized, the frequency has changed, but I don't think our philosophy has changed, and we'll continue to reassess over time if we believe we're doing the right thing or not. And the fact that we want to be a knowledge-based brand building company is at the core of everything we think about and how we want to act. So I may come to a different conclusion in the way that you're describing it, but the philosophy hasn't changed.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Well, so there's a couple of things. Remember that in the second half of the year, 68% of our seasonal growth occurs then. We have visibility to what those numbers are, and that seasonal growth is ahead of what the average company growth would be. So we know that we have very strong seasonal business booked for the second half of the year. We believe that the innovation that we have is both meaningful, and should be effective for us. So those are big contributors as well. And we continue to have, we think, in our international business, where we're rolling out Reese's, that that's going to continue to work hard for us. And then the incremental advertising that we've added with the king-size event I mentioned earlier, we have a great cross promotion program with Coke and Reese's, and a couple of things that we haven't talked about yet. So I think, David, we're really lining up to take the things we learned in the first half. The take to make is over 6%, and we know that, but we feel good about the actions that we're taking in terms of the competitiveness and understanding of some of the things that went on in the first and second quarter. So I have confidence that we're going to get there.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think -- Dave and I can both respond to this. I think what we're saying about Mexico and Brazil is pretty consistent with what we've said last quarter, and we continue to experience good growth in China. And then the exports piece of our business, as I mentioned to you, continues to do well also. So to reiterate, I don't think there's change there. Certainly, I was very transparent in terms of some of the challenges in terms of FX, and then the consumer challenges in Mexico. But from a programming standpoint and a takeaway standpoint, I think the results are pretty good.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, the only thing that has had a shift on timing is Cool Blast. It really had a couple of factors. We continue to be finalizing, perfecting the start-up and formula, and then the other part of it is the capacity issue, where we just want to make sure we had the right capacity in place. It's not going to affect anything else, and we feel good about going ahead there. But those are some normal kinds of start-up things, nothing remarkable.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Well, let me -- let's try to do everything we can to not compare the fact that we're doing a limited edition to the fact that we did a lot of limited editions back in 2005. So in 2005, as we've discussed quite openly many times, those limited-editions really became our innovation, and that's really not what we do at this point in this era. And so -- but if you have a limited edition, and it's limited, the news is not a bad thing. It's a merchandising event. So that's how, I think, you ought to probably think about characterizing that. We know that the category has been pretty inelastic over time. We've been able to successfully convert price. The consumers' been able to convert it again. I think what we have to observe over time is what's happening with the frequency in some of those areas or channels, where the consumer may not be participating in the recovery as those at the top end of the economic pyramid. So I think that it will be as we've done in the past. We expect conversion to be good, and the phenomena that I talked about in the independent C-store probably is not going to be that connected to what's happening in terms of the price, and the pricing most likely would affect the entire category and not individual brands. So I don't think to the consumer it's going to look that different.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I don't think that it will have big differences than what we've seen. As I've said before, the planning that we've always done around these is the one-to-one ratio. I think your point is a good one in terms of how we should expect the category to behave this time versus other times. And the history of the category over many, many decades is it is a pretty inelastic category, and it cycles pricing really effectively, and that's exactly what I would hope this time. I don't want to -- the thing that I want you to take away from this call is, is that we think about their business. There have been a number of different things over the last 6 to 9 months, whether it's been trips, weather, all of these other things. Largely, we don't know if those are one-offs. If there's some weather effect, they were real. But what we know is that we have fundamental execution opportunities, planning opportunities around how we schedule the promotion and merchandising activities we have, and so we really want to kind of put a number of these things aside. We do know in certain parts of classes of trade, there's a consumer that continues to be challenged. But we're also seeing in the snacking categories some items with some pretty significant pricing. They've been doing very, very well. So I think in the end, while there may be some people, unfortunately, who are really impacted, I think the real drivers will be around the things we know how to do best, and that's execution.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, so the answer would be yes. And if you just think about how it works, so the instant consumables tend -- those prices tend to go up almost immediately on the shelf. Merchandising that's been schedule tends to also -- you'd agree, tends to be protected, and then the seasons are protected all the way out to what will be Halloween of next year. So the answer to your question is yes.
