Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company’s second quarter 2016 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO will provide you with an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on our current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2015 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and the summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance within GAAP. Within the notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss second quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $13.9 million or $0.17 per share diluted which are primarily related to derivative mark-to-market losses and business realignment charges. These charges are defined in the appendix of this morning’s earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these items. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Patricia. Before we get into the Q&A, I want to remind everyone that we are here to discuss our financial and operational results for the second quarter and our outlook going forward. We know there has been a lot of market chatter surrounding Mondelez’s preliminary nonbinding indication of interest. As we stated on June 30, our Board of Directors unanimously rejected the indication of interest. We are not going to comment further on this matter. We appreciate you keeping your questions focused on our operations and our financial results. J.P., Patricia, Michele Buck and myself, are now ready to take any questions you may have.
Mark Pogharian: Yes. I think the fourth quarter will be better than the third obviously just because of our strength in seasons. And then to J.P.’s point, net sales, intuitively, should be a little bit better than takeaway because of the big launch that we have late in the year that we are getting to later.
Mark Pogharian: Hey Rob, I mean it’s Mark and I will let Michele and J.P. talk to those – to the business – some of the business drivers and investments that you referenced. As it relates to the Analyst Day, you are right there hasn’t been a date put out there. I mean there is obviously a lot of moving parts. And you know that we are absolutely focused on the business and doing all the right things for the near and long-term, as we continued to do. But as soon as we have a date, we will communicate it.
Michele Buck: Sure, absolutely. Andrew, as you know, as we look at the total box, both the total box and center of store were really soft as we got into the year and certainly in Q2 as well. We are encouraged that snack wheel continues to grow ahead of the total box and certainly that’s really – the marketplace in which we compete is that broad snack wheel. So you really need to look at our – kind of look at year-to-date snack wheel performance as the opportunity for us. We know that the shorter Easter-impacted the category this year. That’s really a – more of a one-time or every couple year impact. We have seen some more activity in some of the indulgent categories in the second quarter. And frankly, there was a little bit greater interaction with some of those categories than we had anticipated. And we do believe we have some opportunities to further optimize our marketing mix modeling, as J.P. discussed. But over the long-term, I guess as we look at the category, clearly over the past several years, the category has been running at about that 2.5% growth rate and we continue to believe that, that will be the outlook going forward.
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean I don’t think that we are seeing a strong skew to one type of consumption versus the other. So as we look at our instant consumable business, it’s relatively flat. So a lot of that can be skewed by the support that goes behind the business relative to merchandising. And certainly, the clean floor policies have probably impacted the take-home side of the business a bit more. So we continue to focus on big scale events, focus on our core brands and core pack types, both in terms of take-home as well as instant consumables, but we aren’t really seeing a dramatic trend one way or the other on that front.
Michele Buck: So first of all, we partner with our retail customers very closely, so announcements like that aren’t surprises to us. They actually look to us to help them to optimize their total box and their total sales across snacking. If you look at that CVS example, that – you might be surprised to learn that, on that one, for example, we are netting out in a neutral position from an SKU perspective. So as we have broadened our portfolio to have offerings like barkTHINS, Krave meat bars, think about refreshment portfolio, those are actually allowing us to remain neutral on an SKU basis and really just offering consumers broader choice, both for across the CVS portfolio, but also the Hershey portfolio. So certainly, it’s something that we are focused on. I wouldn’t tell you that it’s not something that we are – that we have an eye on. But we are really thinking about the fact that, that is out there and making sure that we have the right plans in place to continue to drive our confectionery and broader snacking portfolio.
Michele Buck: Yes. So I would say I mean relative to the marketing mix, as J.P. mentioned I think we are really still working through with evolving consumer choices and the evolving retailer landscape, just really optimizing that mix. So I would tell you that we continue to learn every quarter. We have gotten more sophisticated models in place to help us to better understand the interaction between all of that. But that’s an area we will continue to work on and I think make some continuous improvement going forward.
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I would just say we expect to continue to see kind of a slow sequential build in takeaway as we move further into the year.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, I would say yes to that question. As we made prioritization choices across the portfolio, we made a decision to pull back a bit in non-chocolate and I think we are reevaluating that choice certainly as we speak. I think we pulled back at a time that some others in the marketplace actually accelerated. So as we look to next year, we are certainly adjusting our approach. We think that variety and news are absolutely key and that’s really where our focus will be to dial up efforts in combination with the strong innovation that we feel really good about on chocolate, around things like core news, like Big Kat, Reese’s Pieces Cup and then big sustainable scale innovation on chocolate, like the big one that we have coming towards the end of the year. But you will see us dial up the focus on non-chocolate next year.
Michele Buck: Yes. On non-chocolate, I would tell you I wouldn’t expect to see activity this year. It will be into next year. I would rather not go into the specific timing just for competitive reasons, but definitely it would be a couple of quarters. We have a pipeline in place and so it’s really a matter of dialing that up and getting it into the marketplace.
Michele Buck: Yes. So our most successful innovations are clearly grounded in deep consumer insights, and we have certainly gone – leveraged a lot of insights and research as we have developed this proposition and feel quite good about it. As J.P. said, it really does play between those themes in Snackfection of marrying cookie and chocolate obviously. And also it really plays on some deep insights around palate. If you think about the kind of the creamy crunchy palate, sweet and salty we see in the marketplace has demonstrated a lot of growth. And we are seeing with younger consumers in particular, there is strong interest in complex eats that this really delivers upon that will provide incremental usage versus our portfolio, which tends to be more of a – kind of a straight, creamy palate. So if you think about the textural experiences consumers are looking for and the new users that we are able to bring in, we are feeling really good about it.
Michele Buck: I would say our focus is really optimization. How do we optimize and continue to be consumer centric and brand building, so not really a big change in that piece of the business model.
Michele Buck: No, I agree. I think it’s about quality and sustainability, just making sure that we have – we stick true to our model on that front.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. Andrew, if you look at inventories, we align, obviously, with our customers on where inventory should be. There is nothing different about that. And if you look at the first half in terms of takeaway as well as net sales, I mean, it’s largely in line. So, we don’t think there is anything there that would be different than what we would expect or what we planned for.
J.P. Bilbrey: So, I will take the first part of that and Patricia and I can talk about your short one, but Andrew [ph], we are just not going to speculate around things that we would have to do with hypotheticals there. So I mean over time, we can talk about how we continue to be margin focused. You have heard us talk about our focus against the cost of our operations coming up. We talked about the $135 million we want to deliver this year. So I would just come back and say, as you know, we are a margin focused company. We want to make sure that our opportunities and our costs are well aligned and we want to continue to be able to invest in our brands and our people as we go forward. But as it might relate to something hypothetical, I just can’t comment on something like that.
J.P. Bilbrey: Hey David, I am sorry that I said Andrew. They have told me here, so I apologize for that. Trust me I had your face in my mind perfectly.
J.P. Bilbrey: So one thing that I would add to that is that as we have seen innovation across the snack wheel, so remember what we said earlier is the box is up about 1.8%. Snack wheel is actually running ahead of that. And then there is parts of the snack wheel that are obviously outperforming others. And what you could link that to in almost every instance is the quality of the innovation. So I would actually say that has been a more critical element in a more competitive and space constrained world that that’s giving certain brands and categories an opportunity to be available and consumers are responding to that. But for me, the really good news is that the snack wheel continues to do well. We just have to make sure that we are working hard and winning our part of it.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, in terms of any entrants into the category, the China market is still a young market relative to consumption per capita. So really, as long as we are all working hard on category development, that’s probably a good thing. So frankly, that’s how we think about it. In terms of our acquisition and integration work there, I would tell you that we are making really good progress against the integration. Some of that work is still continuing obviously, but we have really gone through and done the sales organization work and combined those. That’s gone well. We have taken what was the Hershey piece and the Golden Monkey piece and really tried to consolidate those distributors. So, it’s a bit blended from where we started with Golden Monkey and Hershey, but we really feel as though our go-to-market position is in the best shape that it’s been. We are selling things. So, as I like to think about it kind of in a simple way, are we making stuff, shipping it, selling it and collecting money? And all of those things are working for us. So, I think that the market in China, as you have heard from a lot of companies, is pressured. I think we would align with that. The consumer obviously has to show up, but we feel good about where we are at. And we will continue though I would say to as I have said before, make sure we are rightsizing all of our businesses to the opportunities. And certainly, we will continue to focus against that. And then as you think about the overall P&L, the impact of China restructure on our P&L this year is really relatively limited. So, we think that will continue to also help us as we go forward.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. If you think about the second half of the year and first of all, the inventory perspective I gave you, I am not sure I can add a lot to that. That’s certainly how it is. If you think about the second half of the year, with Halloween and seasons, we have very good visibility to that. We know what that’s going to look like. Same thing would be with holiday. And then also remember, as we have talked about a significant innovation in Q4, we benefit from the volume of that as we begin to build distribution and of course, the merchandising activity is after that. So, as we move through the year, you have the benefit of that volume that won’t necessarily be a piece of the takeaway, so you might have a bit of a disconnect there in the second half. It shouldn’t be significant. But as we have talked about our expectations in terms of the balance of the year, it does take into consideration the first half of the year and where we have seen the category growth be and that’s probably where you also have seen some of the moderation on the outlook and expectation there. I don’t know if anyone else wants to add something to that.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. So, let me talk about the pricing piece a little bit and then we can touch again on sort of the snack wheel stuff. But I think what we have seen is that if you recall on the last call we talked about the number of new entrants that’s happened, especially in snack bars relative to the whole snacking space. And some of those entrants, I think have gotten trial not only because they are new, but I think there has also been a different pricing delta that the obstacle to trial has been lowered. And so I think the level of activity probably speaks more to what the net value to the consumer could have been across all of the different options and opportunities available to them. So I think going forward, while we are looking a lot at our whole revenue management approach and making sure that we really got that right, we’re thinking a lot about this particular question. And I do think there’s some influence there as there’s been trial in the category. And I would just come back to my other comment around innovation, is it’s is very clear that those brands and companies who have done well in innovation have gotten a disproportionate share of the consumers’ attention. And those – that’s the real quality driver, in my mind. So if you come back to what I said earlier, we are really, really focused against three things in our business model. And it’s the innovation. We are really looking at our marketing mix model, because based on the previous question, you are right, allocation and resources across different pieces of the business I think there are some things we learned there. And then of course we want to run a frugal business and invest in our brands and our people. And those are the three things I think you should take away from what we are really talking about today.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. Listen, why don’t I ask Michele to talk about that, but I think if you go back to how she talked about it within the seams of a pure confection and as you might think about other snacking opportunities, that that’s what we think is really unique about how this is positioned. We would like to see it source volume from maybe some new places that stretches us a bit from just the core, but I will let Michele speak to that.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. I would just very quickly talk about on the cost side, we have talked about very clearly what we expect in 2016. It’s a bit early to get into some of the specifics of the additional work that we are doing, but we are – we have a process in place and we are looking at all the costs and opportunities we have literally across the entire business, line by line. And we want to ultimately make sure that we can make up the investments in our brands, aligned with the opportunities that are in front of us. I think you will continue to hear us be very consumer and brand focused and yet at the same time, we will always be very margin focused. But we have to be able to afford those investments. But as we think it’s appropriate to build brands, I think you would see us want to be able to invest at within the kinds of ratios that we have talked about in the past. And as I always say to the team here, volume is the magic elixir. It’s a great category and we get really good returns on the investments we make versus our brands. But clearly, we have got to be driving volume to make that story look optimal.
J.P. Bilbrey: Sure, thank you for the question. I think it’s more about the productivity of innovation than it is the pace of innovation. And so when you look at things like hand-to-mouth that we were very successful with and it continues to be productive for us, it’s what I always call sticky innovation. It’s innovation that lasts. It’s many times a platform and it allows you then to expand even across brands because you have identified a need state that’s really important. If you look at how we classify innovation, actually our numbers versus our innovation targets are actually pretty good this year. I mean it’s not that they are wildly different, but what you have to really achieve is that stickiness and then the thing that it gets you to the platform innovation. So we have a really good pipeline of things in front of us. And so I don’t think it’s about all of a sudden having to start focusing against innovation. It’s really making sure that we are bringing the right innovation to the market with the right investment and productivity. So that’s really how I think about it. And Michele may have something she wants to add, but that’s how I think about your question.
J.P. Bilbrey: Thank you very much for your questions today. Investor Relations group will be around for any follow-up questions you may have.
Patricia Little: On the international piece, first I really want to call out that, as I said at the beginning, a piece of our over-performance on EPS was driven by great results internationally. We are very focused especially on China right now as they continue to sequentially improve their business. They also have a lot of focus on making sure that we have the right cost structure aligned to the opportunities in that market and they are doing a lot of work on that. So we continue to expect improved results internationally over time.
Patricia Little: So for certain consumers in the marketplace, certainty authenticity and simple ingredients is clearly something that they are looking for And so our approach is really to think about our – the holistic portfolio that we have and make sure that we have choices for everyone along the spectrum, so certainly barkTHINS, clean label, simple ingredients and that appeals to that consumer. And as I believe you are aware, we evolved our Hershey product, which was very close to simple ingredients, took it all the way there and we are actually going to begin advertising on that in the third quarter. So we believe that certain products of ours, certainly like a Jolly Rancher, are never going to be simple ingredients. So we will have a full portfolio that gives consumers meaningful other choices.
Patricia Little: So I would say that it is – the innovation that’s coming up is really what I would call Snackfection in terms of blurring – the blurring that’s occurring between various snack categories. Think salty snacks and confection or other categories, cookies and confection, etcetera. So it’s really leveraging the fact that consumers are looking for more of those complex eats and opportunities to play at the seams between categories. I think there – that largely our confection or hardcore mainstream confection brands will continue to offer primarily indulgent benefits. But there are some places where I think there is a little bit of crossover. For example, Snack Mix certainly has nuts, pretzels, etcetera and consumers are seeing that a little closer to having some food value than a straight chocolate.
Patricia Little: Yes. So let me start by – we are not going to quantify the sales impact, but I think you might be thinking it might be larger than - by the nature of your question, it sounds like you might be thinking it’s a little larger than it is. On the cost savings piece, we really want to look at all the levers of our costs. I think we have done a historically good job of looking at our COG savings. We continue to focus on that and that will actually be the biggest driver. We need to extend that into other areas, including our SM&A that excludes our marketing part of our business. And then on marketing, it’s going to be a combination of continuing to want to invest as a brand building company, but doing that in an ever smarter way and making sure that every one of those dollars works for us. The world is changing pretty quickly and we are just going to need to continuously reevaluate the roles of each of our – each lever that we have in marketing.
Patricia Little: Yes. I think it’s – because of timing of some of the things, it’s probably easier to look at it on a year-to-date basis. And when you look at it on a year-to-date basis, there is actually virtually no gap between our – there is a very small gap between our takeaway and our sales.
