Michele Buck: Thanks, Steve. We had a strong start to the year. The actions we are taking to drive core confection momentum, to capture growth via incremental portfolios and regions, and to invest in our brands and capabilities will continue to drive this business forward. We have a portfolio of beloved brands and amazing team of individuals that are excited and proud to come to work every day. And we remain focused on achieving balanced sales and earnings growth to continue delivering peer leading shareholder returns. Steve, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Andrew, it's Michele. Hey. So, let me get your first one -- your second part of your question first. The incremental pricing is indeed all list pricing. So, that's a pretty simple one. As we look in our consumption and our sales, let me start with, as we told you in the past, on a full year basis, we always expect our net sales and our takeaway to be relatively in line. But we continue as we have in the past, again this year, to have some volatility from a quarter-to-quarter basis. I guess, the easiest way that I would advise you to think about it is, if you look at our takeaway trends, first half second half and you see that basically on our CMG business, we were up first half about 2.6%. So, we all know that about 1 point of that was driven by Easter. If you take the first half minus the Easter bump, we expect that same underlying trend to continue in the back part of the year. So, we think we're going to have -- continue to have pretty solid takeaway on a full year basis. There are several puts and takes as you look at the net sales piece relative to a little bit less SKU ramp in the second half, but at the same time, we are -- have a bit of a harder ramp as we lapped some of those seasons, and as you recall how strong seasons were in the back half of the year last year, some inventory related things in the second quarter, but by full year ends, we think it'll level out as it has in the past.
Michele Buck: So, we do expect that we will see some impact at retail on the everyday business, particularly in the fourth quarter. But, as you know, as you look at the back half of our year, we are heavily weighted towards seasons. So, seasons is a much bigger piece of the portfolio than the everyday piece. So, we expect we’ll see some there. But, we also do some price promotion protecting. So, many of our retailers have price promotions, trade promotions that they have booked that we've committed to six months out, sometimes slightly more. And we do price protect those promotions, when we go out with our pricing action. So, that's why you don't see the full impact. Again, we believe the impact will not be material to us.
Michele Buck: There's a little bit of impact there, but it's minimal and all the pricing is baked into the guidance.
Michele Buck: So, David, we have pretty sophisticated price elasticity modeling that we do. Whenever we take any price action, including this one, that model takes a look at the impact of crossing key price thresholds, it also takes a look at the relationship between regular counts, the single bar and the king size because there's an impact there. It looks that other competitive items in the marketplace and any impacts there. So, all of that is taken into account as we do those elasticity models that help us to predict the conversion curve. And then, we also take a look at that. And in some cases, if there's an area where we think we need it, part of our total pricing action could include some level of reinvestment in trade on specific areas to either maintain the current price point. We certainly also reinvest in advertising, because we know back from the past, if we take pricing and at the same time reinvest that that also helps to accelerate the conversion curve. So, we believe all that is taken into account as we do the analysis. And you are right that on some of those businesses, some of those -- you do hit some of those issues, but we think that's fully taken into account in our plans for the marketplace.
Michele Buck: So, David, it's certainly a great problem to have. And we will evaluate all of those things. Interestingly, there is sometimes a good thing to have something consumers love and they look forward to seeing it return to the marketplace. And I think frequently, we found that that's a really good strategy to employ. It was a great in and out promotion. And we could do it again in the future. So, we'll be evaluating those options -- all options to determine whether something like that should become permanent or we just leverage it to keep news and excitement, which is key in this category.
Michele Buck: As we shared, we’ve evolved our pricing approach from one in the past that was very much -- much more cost and commodity driven to much more of a strategic pricing capability, where we think strategically across the portfolio at where we have opportunity, on an ongoing basis more than versus that kind of episodic approach. But we approach it in much the same way as we have in the past in terms of how it gets impacted and executed through retail. And I wouldn't anticipate that we would see any type of different scenario versus other times when we price instant consumables in the marketplace. We haven’t priced that part of the portfolio for probably more than five years. And we expect to see similar results based on what we've seen in our elasticity models.
Michele Buck: I mean, we expect that we will see some impact in Q4, but we don't do view impact to be material. And I think some of that will be associated with what -- some of that varies on how much we see relative to what kind of inventory position people are carrying and how that kind of flows through.
Michele Buck: So Reese's Thins is performing well. It is exactly in line with our expectations. We are feeling good about not only the trial, but also the repeat, which is strong and building. And we believe that based on what we're seeing to-date, it will be a sustainable item for us, and that we may be able to extend further off that platform.
Michele Buck: Yes. While we don't want to make any firm commitments on our future innovation plans, I think, we clearly look at a platform -- an idea like that is something that really can be a platform that can be expanded. And if you look at how we've run platforms in the past, many times it is a basic idea that we take across brands and just allows us to get scale for merchandising, et cetera.
Michele Buck: So, one of the things we love about SkinnyPop and believe is a key part of the business prop is the premium pricing that we have on that brand. We are delighted that we're continuing to see really strong growth, overall strong retail growth in the double-digit range, which -- to us, which suggests that the price volume piece is working. Though this is a brand where given the channel dynamics, we can see bigger swings on promotional pricing impact in the marketplace, just given how that product skews by class of trade. For example, there's a bigger clubbed [ph] business on SkinnyPop than we're used to seeing on the rest of our portfolio. And that can drive bigger swings there. So, I wouldn't be concerned about it relative to -- that we are looking to change the pricing strategy on that brand.
Michele Buck: Yes. I believe that M&A is a key component of our growth algorithm and of our strategic vision for the Company. And we continue to stay very active in the market, investigating categories and assets. So, as you know, it's all about finding the right one. But, you can expect to continue to see us be focused on further expanding the portfolio.
Michele Buck: So, our retailer conversations around pricing have gone well so far. The retailers know and appreciate that we continue to invest in our brands that we provide a lot of investments to drive category growth in terms of our category management and other investments with the customer. And we really jointly work together to drive revenue growth and profitable growth, which benefits to all of us. So, at this point in time, we're feeling good. As you know, the category has price. So, it's been a category initiative. And we're feeling good at this point.
Michele Buck: Sure. So, as we think about the back part of the year, I did mention that some of the last were a little bit tougher for us as we look at the back half, given the strength we had in season. There's also a bit of pipeline fill that we had in the second quarter from our new products. If you think about the new products that we had in the marketplace, we had the new packaged candy bags, we had Reese's Thins, we had Reese Lovers. Reese Lovers actually hit the market a little sooner than we anticipated; it hit in Q2. We thought more of it was going to hit in Q3. And so, those things come out of our numbers in the back half of the year. And then, if you think overall about the business, we are increasing our DME spend and we'll have impressions up similarly to the first half of the year. But it's going to cost us a little bit more on that just because we're mapping some of the efficiencies that we realized as we brought some of our creative production in-house year ago. Hope that helps.
Michele Buck: So, generally, as we price, we expect to see a different volume. That's just how the conversion works. So, the first year of pricing, you take the drop in your volume, and then the consumer kind of converts and gets used to it. Certainly, we try to accelerate that conversion curve by spending into advertising, which we have found to help -- really drive that conversion curve to be a bit stronger than it otherwise would. So, that's really what's occurring when you think about that, because our last year price impact is really what’s hitting the marketplace this year, just as this year's price impact primarily comes into the marketplace in 2020.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say that -- yes, that progressive getting better piece towards the end would be how we judge it. Yes.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So, if you think about our international strategy, certainly, we believe international is an important part of our business model. And we will be continuing to focus on profitable growth across the key markets. The way we think about that business, we have scaled businesses in Canada, Mexico, and Brazil. We have a very highly profitable export business, just because we don't have those fixed costs of feet on the ground as we export. But we found that to be a very viable piece of our business model and actually growing increasingly, across the board, particularly we’ve seen a lot of strength for Reese’s brand in the UK, with very limited investment on our part. And then, the place that we're really placing bigger bets for the future are in China and India, the big emerging markets that have so much potential growth, and we're excited about those opportunities. So, yes, I would say the slowdown in the top-line growth is really a factor of, as we build scale that same kind of growth, just off a bigger base starts to drop down. But we're feeling really good about the performance across all those markets. They've been hitting expectations. India, we launched Kisses, feel good about what we're seeing there and about expanding that opportunity. So, yes, we're feeling good about that piece.
Michele Buck: So, we definitely are -- run our business model in a way that we try and make sure that we are balancing pricing, margin expansion overall through smart cost management to enable reinvestment back into the brand. So, you know that we have a pretty active commodity management, hedging program, we try and look at what that outlook looks like, look at all the other cost factors and cost elements in the cost bucket, and just keep trying to get ahead in terms of pricing where we think it makes sense and where there's realization opportunities, smart cost management, and then thus investing back in. So, it's really kind of a -- it's a holistic approach to looking at the P&L versus just zeroing in on any one line.
Michele Buck: So, yes, I would say, primarily marketing. So, on those smaller brands, over the years, we have seen evidence where a packaging upgrade on the graphics can have a nice impact on those businesses, given they don't have a lot of support when consumer goes to the shop, and you really refresh the package. So, we've done that on several of the brands. Definitely unlocking them through advertising, as if you haven't talked to consumers, and then they start to hear about those brands. From an advertising perspective, we definitely see a lift there. And I would say that is the primary activation. We have hit most of the smaller brands. There are a few that -- I would say, there's a couple more that we will consider investing in going forward. I can think of three. I don't know if I want to really talk about what those are for competitive reasons. But, there are a couple more that we would consider some minor investing. But, I would say, the ones that you've seen this year, including down to Heath and Rolo, you should think about those as the more sizable ones for which we would see the bigger impact.
Michele Buck: So it was on Tyrrells brands, as part of the transition, it was one of those elements where -- yes, a distribution was lost due to retailer, a couple of retailers that shouldn't have been. As we took over the business, our sales team quickly went in and got the volume to get that distribution back. It just takes a little time because you can't actually get the distribution on shelf until the customer has a planogram reset, lined up, and the next planogram resets were in the fall. So, September, October timeframe, we expect to start to see that distribution come back. We have the commitments that it will come back. So, it really wasn't about not deserving the space. It was more of an integration hiccup. And we feel really good about the velocities we're seeing where we haven't lost distribution, we are very high-single-digit velocity gains on Tyrrells.
Michele Buck: So, yes, part of seasons, we have done some small pricing action. So, generally, we’ve priced pretty broadly across the portfolio. We haven't taken as much on this sweets part of our business. But, we have had some increase in seasons as part of our broader increases. So, at this point, I can't tell you that there is a -- we don't talk about our future plans around pricing. But, we do feel like we’ve taken some there. And on an ongoing basis, we're just going to constantly evaluate the entire portfolio and look at when and where we think there's opportunity for greater price realization.
Michele Buck: I wouldn't expect a big step up. Certainly, we're going to continue as we do everywhere to look at every line item on our P&L and continue to look at opportunities to improve margin, because that's just a piece of who we are as a company. But, I think the really big step-ups have been taken.
Michele Buck: So, we have always had a very active pricing component in those markets. As you know, there are economic volatility components in those markets that are ForEx et cetera. So, we do continue to price in part of why our margins are where they are, is some of the pricing there, but it does vary by market. And given they’re smaller piece, we just don't talk as overtly about that on the calls.
Steve Voskuil: There are two parts that we talked about on the call. The one is, retailers or distributors built some inventory. And that doesn't benefit us from fixed costs, but the mix that they built and gave us a favorable mix impact. And then, we built a bit of our own inventory, because build our inventory this time of the year anyway for Halloween. But beyond that, we built some more in anticipation of the price increase. And that's the portion that drives a fixed cost absorption benefit, basically those cost and inventory until it bleeds out in the third quarter.
Steve Voskuil: In total, inventory, the retailers didn't build, as they built it, they built some in anticipation of the price increase in -- I'd say are more profitable brands that we touched on. In total, they weren't up. And so, I don’t know if that sums around.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. You're getting more efficiency in your plans by running more volume, and then it goes into the inventory, so off the P&L into the inventory until it comes back when you do the sale.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. And I'd say, the key is, the proactive past year. So, we're not ready to talk about 2020 yet, but certainly having the pricing in place will be a good way to start the year.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I’d agree. And going back to the earlier question, in and out also matters, the mix between the export countries and the ones that we have feet on the ground. And as the feet on the ground grow, that will have an impact on how that margin progresses as well.
