Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's fourth quarter 2016 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO; Michele Buck, Chief Operating Officer; and Patricia Little, CFO will provide you with an overview of results which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2015 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income, prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believe the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss fourth quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $148.9 million, or $0.62 per share diluted, which are primarily related to derivative mark-to-market losses. These charges defined in the appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yeah, David, you're right. The other income and expense related to the investment tax credit is there. It's about the same amount in 2017 versus 2016, give or take. And that got you down to that 33-ish, 32-ish range on the tax rate. Some of the other initiatives Patricia talked to, as well as making sure we take advantage of all our legal entity structure is what drives it to where it is now, and that we think you can use going forward.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yeah. I mean, what we've said to-date, Dave, and we'll obviously give more color on March 1 on this margin for growth program. Our normal productivity program was $50 million to $70 million, and we upped that to about $100 million a year for 2017 through 2019. I think Patricia had mentioned there was about $15 million or $20 million in the fourth quarter we got around this margin for growth program. It'll be probably around that same range around there for 2017, and then we'll provide you with some broader ranges and outlook as it relates to 2018 and 2019 on March 1.
Mark K. Pogharian: All right, operator. We'll end the call here. We thank everybody for their participation, and we'll be available for any follow-up calls that you may have. Thank you.
Michele G. Buck: Thanks, J.P. I am very honored that on March 1 I will become the next CEO of The Hershey Company. As you know, Hershey is a special company with great brands, people, capabilities and processes. Combined, these attributes make up a business that over the long-term has delivered sustained results and will continue to do so going forward. We've a team of remarkable employees who come to work every day with a sense of purpose, fostered by our Founder, whose values and legacy are still part of our culture. This has served the company well and resulted in solid financial and marketplace returns. I want to say a special thank you to all of our colleagues across the business, many of whom listen in to this call. I believe it's their passion and dedication, along with our strong brands, advantaged retail sales presence and supply chain capabilities that will contribute to our further success. I was pleased with the progression of our business in 2016. After a challenging start to the year, we did not lose focus. We executed against our plan, and we gained momentum as the year progressed. As we look to 2017, I'm excited about our innovation, our activation plans for Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch and the investments we're making in expanding the Reese's franchise. The targeted and precision-based approach we've taken to growing Reese's with the Crunchy Cookie Cup and into the hand-to-mouth snacking area via the Crunchers product line will provide incremental growth to our business. I'm also pleased with our balanced approach to marketing mix as it relates to trade and advertising. We're continuously improving analytics to enable us to further optimize investments within these two areas, and we'll see some of the benefits of this in 2017. As we've mentioned before, we started to take a fresh look at our business operations and our investment choices in 2016, and we'll share more about this in March. The goal of these margins for growth efforts is to improve overall margins, particularly in our international and other segment. We expect that this will be a multi-year program, enabling us to achieve strong margin and EPS growth in 2018 and 2019, and provide us with the fuel to deliver consistent annual net sales and EPS growth post implementation. The impact and benefits related to these efficiencies in 2017 is modest, given that we accelerated some of the non-restructure related work into Q4. This enabled us to deliver additional operating income growth and margin expansion earlier than planned, resulting in full-year EBIT margin of 20.4%, about 30 to 40 basis points greater than what we had anticipated. We're focused on EBIT margin expansion and expect that it will expand again in 2017, although the gain may not be as great as it was in 2016 as a portion of the savings are being reinvested back into the business. We believe the investments we're making this year are in areas of the business that set us up for continued growth over the long-term. Investments are underway in IT capabilities and additional analytic approaches that will enable operational effectiveness and efficiency, and be a differentiator in the marketplace over the next few years. I'm also excited about the concepts we're testing related to the commercialization of our integrated demand landscape. I look forward to discussing all of this and our long-term vision with you on March 1. I want to underscore my optimism about Hershey's future. We have many opportunities to leverage our globally recognized brands, our capabilities and our U.S. scale. I couldn't be more excited to lead Hershey into the future. I look forward to continuing to work with all of you, as we focus on building value for all Hershey's stakeholders. I'll now turn it over to Patricia who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Michele G. Buck: Sure. So I'll take that first, and then if Patricia has anything she wants to add. As we think about our financial goals, clearly we want to be in the top quartile from a net sales perspective, net sales growth amongst the S&P food group. We're very proud of our EBIT margin, around 20%, certainly one of the highest out there. We want to continue to grow that. So, we want to be in the top quartile relative to EBIT margin.
Michele G. Buck: The absolute, not the gross. So, we've some work to do, as others have focused on their EBIT margins to expand that and to get even more a higher rate there. As we think about the business versus Q3 when we spoke to you, I guess I'd say two things. First of all, probably the biggest change is, we really got an accelerated delivery of margin expansion. So, we had started a real focus on margin expansion across the company. And hey, our organization over-delivered versus our expectations. So, some of the margin expansion we expected we'd get in 2017, we actually got in 2016. Then on top of that, there are several areas that we do want to invest and are investing for future growth. One of the biggest areas is around technology in the new ERP system and enterprise connectivity, which we'll talk to you more about in March, as well as some marketing related expenses around the demand landscape, packaging, et cetera that you'll see in the marketplace.
Michele G. Buck: So, Alexia, if you look at us, we've got a pretty big cost basket of inputs, and certainly every year some are up and some are down. Definitely, we've seen cocoa prices come down. And the real goal of our commodity hedging program is to make sure that we don't have a lot of volatility in those input costs, because that makes it easier for us to manage. And I think that we stated before, we typically have between 3 months and 24 months of coverage for various raw materials. And so, drops that you see right now don't necessarily translate into the current year P&L.
Michele G. Buck: Sure. So, we're going to talk more about that in a lot more detail in March. Certainly, we're focused on profitability there. There are certain measures we can take to increase profitability as we go. There are others that take a bit more time. But we'll get into a lot more details on that in March. But it is a focus, for sure.
Michele G. Buck: So, I'll address the first part of the question first. And relative to cocoa, as I mentioned before, we typically hedge 3 months to 24 months out. And so, the cocoa prices aren't going to directly relate what's happening in the cocoa market with the current P&L. So, that's really a longer term impact. Relative to mix, certainly you're right that North America has strong margins. Cookie Layer Crunch we feel good about. We also have some investments we're making in expanding the portfolio to participate more broadly in other snacking occasions, things like Krave and some other snack initiatives that are lower margin than the core very high margins we have in the core confectionery business. And we continue to believe that those are important investments to drive growth for us into the future.
Michele G. Buck: So, yes, I would say, we haven't begun advertising. Advertising is just starting. And so, I would expect that we will see another lift in velocity as we go on air. We did have a strong push as we went into distribution to get merchandising on the floor, to attract consumers to the proposition, but I would expect that we'll see another lift with advertising. And I would expect we're going to have pretty broad distribution. We have a strong focus on getting broad distribution as quickly as we could. But I think if you look at many of our new product launches, I would expect that we'll get to 80%-ish kind of distribution on this one, as we have with most others.
Michele G. Buck: So, first of all, I would agree with what you're saying on Reese. Given that it is our largest $2 billion-ish type of brand, any lift we get on that brand obviously is very meaningful for our P&L. Strong profitability. We feel really good about the lineup of activity we have on Reese. We also feel good that we have done a lot of work to optimize how we're spending our marketing dollars, and we're seeing a lot of benefit from that on the base. I would also say, though, I look at 2017 as a strong year for Hershey, with the focus that we have against that. We always focus on driving our core. So, those big brands with high profit margins critically important for us to deliver the year, Hershey, Reese, Kit Kat, et cetera.
Michele G. Buck: No, we haven't talked about that. I don't think that we usually typically go into that. I mean, if you think about the Cookie Layer Crunch, we obviously got off to a strong start in Q4. So, if you look at even the results of takeaway, you can assume that there was a lot of pipeline for Cookie Layer Crunch that came in Q4, and Crunchers is all coming this year because we had no distribution last year.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. I'll add two things. I mean, you specifically asked about merchandising as one part of the question, and I would say, there were some big retailers that implemented cleaner floor policies, and it really took us through mid-last year into Q3 to kind of lap that. And I think once we did we started to see similar momentum there. And I'd also say the other thing I'm encouraged by is, where there has been strong activity in certain categories or with certain brands, there have been strong results. And I look at the high-single digit results we saw on Reese, on Kit Kat, on Ice Breakers this past year, so I feel confident that where we have those we can really drive impact. And I think the results we're seeing on Cookie Layer Crunch speak to that as well.
Michele G. Buck: Sure. So, first of all, I'd say, we're very bullish on Cookie Layer Crunch, yet at the same time it's early. So, we need to make sure that we get repeat and see the response to advertising, but we remain optimistic. I do believe that based on our research results that can be a big platform for us. And I also believe, I guess I'd say two things. First, I feel really good about the innovation we have in the pipeline. I think back half of last year, if you look at snack mix, Reese's Pieces Cup, Big Kat, Cookie Layer Crunch and Crunchers this year, I think we really are building momentum there. But at the same time, I'd say innovation is hard, and it's hard to get the homerun. So, we're focused on trying to keep at it, and I feel good about what I see for 2017 into 2018.
Michele G. Buck: Yes. So, as we look at the category, based on everything that you've mentioned and certainly those same things that we've seen at industry shows, it looks like it's going to be a big year of innovation for the category. And if we look historically, whenever there's been a lot of innovation in this category, given the variety-seeking nature of consumers, the accessible price points, it tends to be a pretty strong category year. So, as we look at the category, we anticipate that we might see growth around 2% or 2.5%, certainly accelerated growth versus what we saw in 2016. We expect that it would perhaps be more in line with what we saw back in 2014, 2015. So, we think that all of those things are good for the category. And certainly as we look at our business, we like getting a nice chunk of growth from a big innovation. So, we like to see that. It's a big focus within our P&L.
Michele G. Buck: I'd say, that we would expect that we'll see some gain in market share. I think at the same time, we try and be realistic about where the overall macro environment looks like, and some of the volatility that we've seen in the marketplace, it's harder to predict than it's been in the past.
Michele G. Buck: I'd look at the opportunity that's in front of all of us right now of what data and analytics and technology can enable. And as we've talked about before, we've always believed that that's critically important in our business, the knowledge that we have has an advantage. And so, we're very focused on looking at all the applications of data that can create competitive advantage in the marketplace. And we believe that needs to be a big focus of ours. So, we really are focused on that right now.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so as we said, we see commodity inflation is relatively benign as you said. Yes, we are continuing to invest behind our brand, our innovation, our seasonal activation. And so, we have pretty good visibility into our gross margin. We're also very focused as being a gross margin company. And I'm pleased that given the investments we're making in the brands that we do have leverage on that line.
Patricia A. Little: Yes. I absolutely think about it that way. A lot of the work that we've been doing this year, and will continue into 2017, is really getting the balance of those different kinds of spend right. We have good capability improvements in both of those to make sure that we're putting the right – and Michele talked about this, the marketing mix model as well as some revenue management improvements in our capabilities to look at the way we spend our trade promotion.
Patricia A. Little: And to be clear, the $20 million was in the fourth quarter. So, we were calling out the pull-ahead that Michele referenced earlier.
Patricia A. Little: The other thing you might think about is, because of the way Easter is structured this year, the difference between takeaway and sales, last year with the Easter being earlier there was a disconnect there. You'll see the reverse of that this year.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. Thanks. You're right. We do have the amortization of barkTHINS. We had some of it in 2016, we'll have it in 2017. Overall, we're really pleased with the way that integration is growing. We've been particularly doing well with the synergy part of it, the supply chain savings is becoming greater than we expected. So, we feel really good about that acquisition.
John P. Bilbrey: Yeah. I mean, we give the volume breakout in North America Josh. So, if you were to look at North America, the volume and subtracted the takeaway, I mean, it's not perfect math, but it would get you to how we thought about it in the fourth quarter in December. Right in line with what we thought.
John P. Bilbrey: So, as we've talked, the first quarter should really drive a lot of the growth. I think if you look at the sales, first half, second half will be quasi similar, although the first half will be driven by the first quarter. We had a lot of, I'll call it, productivity and cost savings in the second half of 2016. So, again, if you were to think of EPS growth probably more first half, first quarter driven.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, Rob, we'll talk to a lot of this on March 1, especially some more detail around what some of these IT investments are at the business level, to ensure people are working most efficiently as possible, as well as at the corporate level. So, I think you're going to see a little bit of both. I don't want to get out ahead of ourselves on March 1 here, but there's a lot of things in the market changing very faster than they ever have before, and we're trying to bring solutions to retailers and be where the customer is going. So, I think you'll see more of this on March 1.
