Michele Buck: Thanks, Patricia. I am pleased with our strong start to the year. The actions we are taking to drive core confection momentum, to capture growth via incremental portfolios and regions and to invest in our brands and capabilities will continue to drive this business forward. I believe this dynamic environment and accelerated pace of change creates tremendous opportunities for us to engage with our consumers in new and innovative ways to grow today and into the future. We remain focused on achieving balanced sales and earnings growth to continue delivering peer-leading shareholder returns. We have a portfolio of beloved brands and an amazing team of individuals that are excited and proud to come to work every day. We are pleased with the progress we are making but we also have a healthy degree of dissatisfaction that drives us to continue pushing to elevate the business to the next level. And we are committed to doing this in a way that is consistent with our values and purpose. Patricia, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Michele Buck: Yes. That is reasonable. The growth in the first quarter, definitely driven by Easter and our international business.
Michele Buck: Sure. So Rob, our year-to-date share is in line with our expectations. We expected a little bit of a slower start on share due to the timing of some of our innovation and our promotions, but we continue, as you look at the trend that you're seeing in share, with a continuous kind of improvement in trend as we go through the first quarter here. You're going to see that continue. As we get through Easter, we think that you'll see the retail takeaway. The share and the sales kind of true up and line up together. And then obviously, following that, we have some of our biggest programs for the year, including the chocolate-packaged candy reinvention as well as Reese's Thins and the Reese's lovers activations. So we've got a pretty balanced plan with a lot of activation, but from a retail takeaway perspective, more of that begins to hit Q2 and beyond for the year. And we're continuing to drive a balanced approach to driving our business. We feel great about the innovation we have this year with the chocolate-packaged candy packaging effort, which is about $0.5 billion in the portfolio; Reese's Thins and Reese's lovers promotion, our largest brands by far; and then obviously just announcing a new item within Kit Kat, one of our other core brands. So we believe we do best when we have a really balanced approach where we are winning on multiple levers which include seasons, pricing, innovation, good marketing on the core. And we're going to continue to drive that. And we anticipate that, as much as there is a lot of competitive innovation, we think that overall it'll be in line in total with prior years.
Michele Buck: So let me start with your question around Easter. The share gain that I quoted is what we anticipate for the full season based on what we know year-to-date and across the business. And that is really looking full Easter this year versus full Easter last year. Relative to takeaway, somewhere in that 1.5% to 2% range on a year-to-date basis, I'd say, will be a good benchmark.
Michele Buck: Yes. So I feel really good about our innovation this year. And I will say, if I look historically, I think frequently the best and more sustainable innovation we've had is when we are really focused on either improving our core or staying close to the core with a key, purposeful benefit. So when I think about the chocolate-packaged candy, it gives us a notable improvement in shelf awareness in a category that is a very challenged category to shop. So I think the first benefit starts with that, and then second in terms of the usability of the package at home. So it's really a lift across a very big piece of business that is a very closed-end product improvement benefit. And I think that tends to – those types of things tend to perform very well for us. Reese's Thins, likewise, it is a variation of a Reese's cup with a new shape. And as we think about our portfolio, one of the interesting things about Reese's is we have all different kinds of cups and different shapes and different ratios of chocolate to peanut butter, and everybody has their favorite. And thins offers a benefit of permissibility and a totally different eating experience on our biggest core brand. So that proximity to the core tends to lead to a more sustainable approach. So where we find some of those innovations, I feel – I tend to feel the best about those. So I'm pretty bullish on what we have for this year.
Michele Buck: David, there's not. If you think about the way Easter and the seasons work, especially given the timing this year, you're shipping to season in the quarter before a lot of the takeaway occurs. So there's a little bit of a – the disconnect between the shipments and the takeaway, but there is no pull forward. It's just the natural flow of how that business works that you're shipping. And then some of the biggest takeaway for the season comes in the couple weeks, those two weeks right before the day of the holiday. And so that's really the dynamic. And if you look at past years, you'll see that – every year, that's the way it works.
Michele Buck: Yes, everything relative to the pricing is working and coming in exactly as we expected. The retail price points that we're seeing, in terms of the phasing for the year – remember Easter wasn't priced. So that's a big piece that, as we get later through the year, is really where the pricing impact kicks in. We've looked at price points, retail price points; where we are in our elasticity and conversion model. And that's in line with what we expected as well, so all looking good.
Michele Buck: We continue to optimize the right balance across earned and paid impressions; and also, within the paid, what is the optimal level of TV versus digital and getting tighter and tighter on the digital relative to addressable and programmable media that allows us to reach the exact right person. So I feel good about the progress we're making there. We continue to optimize and implement as we learn and go along the way, but we feel good that we are continuing to see strong ROIs on the spends that we have and continuing to optimize based on those.
Michele Buck: So I want to say digital is about 40% of our total media investment. And in terms of the long-term target, I would say we continue to learn as we go, but at this point in time we believe that mainstream media, given our very broad household penetration, will continue to be an important part of our mix given it's pretty efficient media. And within digital and some of the capabilities of old in terms of more capability about – around programmable, we'll continue to adjust to that, but there's a lot of blurring of the lines in terms of playing across the entire 
Michele Buck: No. Our models do bake in that elasticity in the second half. When we take a price increase, that’s historically how it works. And the data we have based on history is exactly what we are banking on. It’s also what we’re seeing year-to-date where prices have hit, but you’re absolutely right. In the year we take pricing, you see a big increase in the amount of our revenue that comes from pricing and you take a hit on volume as the conversion of that builds.
Michele Buck: Yes. I would say no. That should not be your expectations. There can be a lot of noise on a quarterly basis. And no. Well, there should be a build in gross margin. Do not think about operating margin that way.
Michele Buck: So, I think we want to continue to drive share and gain share in e-commerce. I think the benchmark that we would look at is we would want to be at least comparable to our bricks-and-mortar business, but I would say that I also think there's an opportunity with our capabilities for us to have higher share than bricks and mortars. So that's certainly what we are shooting for. And we're pleased that, in each of the past several years, we've continued to gain over 100 basis points of share on our chocolate business in e- commerce. So we want to capture as much share as we can.
Michele Buck: Well, for total digital advertising, from a media perspective, it's about 40%, if we just look at media. Obviously, there are a lot of other investments in terms of resources, people, all of that.
Patricia Little: Ken, again we don’t give quarterly guidance, so I would absolutely not comment on specific numbers that the Street does have in their model. We were just trying to give you some help because with Easter, FX and divestitures, we just really want to help you understand the cadence of our sales kind of that is impacting first half, second half and then a little bit about just the rhythm of EPS that we expect. And we don't have anything further to say and certainly no comments on specific numbers that the Street is modeling.
Patricia Little: Steve, you broke up a little bit. I'm sorry. You were just asking about what the organic sales were at Easter in the quarter.
Patricia Little: Yes. So as we said, we expect that, because of that Easter, we will – we would expect that on an organic basis it will be higher in the first half than into the second half, just because of the long Easter. Is that what you were getting at? I mean there were again…
Patricia Little: So again, David, you can just expect that, by the end of April, the share, the takeaway and the sales will all be trued up together.
Patricia Little: So it might be the confusion between our reported net sales growth, where it's going to be higher in the second half due to divestitures which we talked about. And then the organic piece is higher in the first half due to Easter. And on the EPS side, we did say that – all right. And then on the EPS, it was higher than we expected, as we said on this call.
Steven Strycula: So this Easter shift is really breaking my calculator here. I'm trying to figure a few things out, but Patricia, I was hoping you'd help me out here a little bit as I think about the organic [Audio Dip] think about how that flows through the year directionally is the first part of my question.
Steven Strycula: Yes, just what the cadence we should think about throughout the balance of the year. I think it's a little bit noisy because of Easter. And a lot of investors have been asking me this morning just how to think about front half versus back half in 2Q. And then I've got a follow up.
Steven Strycula: Sure, yes. I think there's some background noise, but so the other fundamental question I had was – to piggyback off of Rob Moskow's question, is to think about the incrementality of innovation this year relative to prior cycles that you guys have had. How do you think about what you're bringing to market; and how that compares against Cookie Layer Crunch, Hershey's Gold? And what's so different about the packaging this year that it should drive better conversion at retail relative to the past? Thank you.
Ken Zaslow: Hi, good morning everyone. Just have a question on clarity. I think I’m just confused. I think you said in the quarter that your expectation's where you thought it was on both sales and EPS. And then in the last quarter, you said that your sales accelerate through the second half. Now I think you – and your sales growth obviously was 2.3%. Your guidance is 1% to 3%. But now you are saying that the first and fourth quarter are going to be the highest. What changed? Did nothing changed? And I just don't understand. I'm sorry.
Ken Zaslow: And my real question is can you talk about your e-commerce progress? What share do you want to get to? Where are you? How far are you away from what share you're looking to get and get to? And then what is the difference between your digital spending three, four years ago and now? And where do you expect that to get? And I'll leave it there.
Ken Zaslow: And in your spending. What percentage of your spending is on digital? And where do you expect that to go? And I'll leave it there. 
