David West: Thanks, Eric. With respect to the first quarter revenue, net sales, up about 11%, we were expecting very high single-digits ourselves. So we're only a few points really above where we would've expected to be. And as I think with both Bert and I have said, some that is inventory that kind of shifted into the first quarter from the second quarter. So we're fairly much in line with what we expected to see, and the growth is basically volume-oriented and it's roughly 1/3 seasonal, 1/3 core and 1/3 new items. So pretty broad-based across the board. We did have materially higher commodity costs in the first quarter, that's going to be the case throughout the rest of the year. And so the adjusted gross margin picture of about flat is -- plus or minus flat is consistent with what we've been saying. So we did not expect to see a whole lot of leverage through the P&L. And the advertising spending as you noted was higher. I think as you go forward, as Bert just pointed out some of the nuances in modeling, you'll see advertising spending more moderate in the second and third quarters, up in the mid-single-digits and then a decline in the fourth. And we would expect to see that cost and gross margin picture kind of maintained. So I think what you see here in the first quarter, a strong first quarter start, although really not that unexpected to us. But then as you look at the rest of the year, given as you'll start to see elasticity kind of moderate and flow into the business a little bit here, that the model is pretty consistent with what we've been telling you all the way along. And I think we're very pleased with the momentum in the business, 6.7% takeaway, FDMxCW for the first quarter, which is an acceleration coming out of the fourth. I think that's the most important thing for us is it's broad-based and we're very pleased with it.
David West: Yes, I think the real tell in quarter and/or period -- or not the quarter, but the period will be the summer drive season, when you tend to see a lot more driving miles and folks out on the road on vacation. If you'll recall, we're basically almost 3 consecutive years now of share gains. We have Drops and Minis in the king-size format, the Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis launched, which I think will help us create news and continue to merchandise. Overall, traffic still feels reasonably good to us. Our business in the category is up. I mean, we had a great 10-plus percent tax takeaway. But I think if you think about certainly where we are from a confectionery standpoint, the last time you saw this spike, we had much better merchandising and selling capability in the convenience stores. I think we've got better innovation than we did then in terms of -- we were actually pulling back on innovation when that happened. So we look at the Reese's Minis and the Hershey's Drops, as well as our merchandising capability, we think it'll carry us through that period. So we obviously are watching it the same way everybody else is, though the consumer -- really, the consumer period will tell us a lot more is in the summer.
David West: Yes. Our thought process, Terry, hasn't really changed, it's pretty consistent. We've always talked about 1 of our larger cash needs this year is Project Next Century and the investment that we're making in the new facility here in Hershey, Pennsylvania. So that cash, as well as the inventory build and the capital associated with that, is something that is very short-term that we're dealing with. We did increase the dividend in January. We repurchased $100 million on the old 2006 authorization in the quarter and have paid almost another $100 million with respect to the options replenishments. We do have a bond note that comes due later on in the year that we'll be dealing with as well with respect to the capital structure. And then we've always talked about share buybacks as a lever in our capital structure dialogue as a way of returning cash to shareholders. We did some of that obviously here in the first quarter, if you will reload it to do that going forward. So I don't think we've really changed what we've been saying. And M&A, certainly, bolt-on kind of acquisitions, which we think makes sense for us, as we grow our global footprint, still remains a high priority. So it's all about balance and flexibility, and I think we, certainly in the first quarter, between the dividend increase and the buybacks, have demonstrated that.
David West: You get no seasonal price realization at all. So if you think about the second half of the year, the size of the Halloween and the holiday seasonal business, and even into Valentine's of early next year, you don't get price realization on that portion of our portfolio until Easter of next year. You will see the shelf price on instant consumables has moved up fairly quickly. It usually does move fairly quickly. And you'll start to see elasticity effects on the stuff that's moving at regular price on the shelf on the instant consumable part of the business already. And then really, on promoted, everyday promoted business, for the most part, as you work through with the customers, we've already programmed out through, let's call it, September. So roughly that timeframe. And so we'll honor the previous promoted prices and the programming at the previous promoted prices for the most part. So really, I think you're thinking about it correctly that you would start to see some realization maybe a little bit on the instant consumable part of the business right away, but not really until you get out into that September, October timeframe. So it really is a -- the second quarter is largely a volume-driven quarter as well here.
David West: Well, you'll start to see some of it now. But for the most part, because of the way the category works with the seasonal business and the way we plan it out because of the merchandising intensity of the category, it takes us a while to get the price increase through. And that's why we continue to say it's really a 2012 event for us, in terms of the realization of this. The bit of realization that we get in 2011 really offsets some of those kind of secondary inputs that we can't hedge forward on, where we're seeing some price inflation on those, certainly in the last 3 to 6 months. And so those 2 things kind of offset each other.
David West: Yes, I think if you look at the first quarter -- let me make sure of that to be clear. The first quarter volume increases was up double-digits, so we won't expect to see double-digit volume the rest of the year. You will -- the seasonal business in the back half of the year is again, doesn't really get affected. So you're right, we would expect to see year-over-year volume growth in the seasonal part of the business, and then you'll start to see everyday instant consumables tail off in terms of volumes fairly quickly because that's already been priced. And then you don't see the rest of the everyday part of the portfolio really start to get impacted until you get out into the latter part of the year, September on. So overall, you're right, there's a blending of volume across those pieces of the portfolio.
David West: Actually, they may wind up -- we actually do it by brand, by pack, by class-of-trade on some level in terms of the way we think about elasticity. So they will be -- if they're actually the same as '08, it'll just be dumb luck. There's so many things that are different versus the last time we did this. Our brand strength is much greater than it was, if you think about the advertising that we put in the business since then. I think our retail sales force is much more effective at selling and merchandising, so that's a strength. I think the chances are that as you take this kind of new increase, you might cross a decile [ph] here or there that you didn't the last time is another factor that's put in there. I think the biggest factor for us is just consumer sentiment and the fact that the inflationary environment is broad-based across a number of categories. And so I do think that -- I think you'll see -- I think that's why it's going to be much more important to think about and watch carefully what's happening in other categories and the size of the basket, and especially fuel as a part of it as well. I mean, we talk about core inflation, but the average consumer out there for our product in the mainstream part of the portfolio is feeling food and fuel pretty significantly, and we'll watch it carefully. But I think it will be different. And remember, the last time we did the price increase, it was a fall price increase, this is a spring price increase. So the seasonal impacts are a little different, too.
David West: I think if you think about Q2, 1 of the big factors, obviously, is as you see a little bit more trade promotion in Q2, as we spend on a rate basis, as we spend back to honor some of the previously agreed-to promotional price points. You'll also remember, we had 1.5 point of volume that kind of came out in Q2 and wound up in Q1. So Q2 will be somewhat pressured. But also remember Q2 is largely instant consumable quarter and therefore, it's a reasonably good quarter for us and we have decent momentum. But Q2 will bear some pressure here because of those factors. And then when you get out in Q4, obviously, we had a huge move in our investment in the fourth quarter last year. And so I think you're right, when you get down into the SM&A, you get a lot more leverage in the fourth quarter coming up. But I think you're thinking about the parts right in terms of what's moving around. I think we had a good Q2 a year ago. I think we were up a little bit over 5% on a net sales basis, so there's some moving parts off of that. And remember, we have Drops and Minis and some other things that are in the numbers. But overall, I think you got it right.
David West: Yes, a good question. I think 1 of the things you do have to remember is the second half of the year seasonally, it's got a Halloween and holiday in it, and we wouldn't expect to ship -- our takeaway in the first quarter, FDMxCW, 6.7%. We wouldn't expect to ship 6% to 7% more holiday and Halloween into the retail customers in the back half of the year. So there's a natural moderation because of the seasonal component of the business in the back half. That said, we're very pleased with the programming, the strength of the business. We were up 6.2% takeaway all-in in those FDMxCW [ph] channels in the fourth quarter that accelerated to 6.7%. It's broad-based, it's base brand, it's new product. Some of it, international. So we feel good about the business. That said, it's a difficult environment for the consumer. It's a very inflationary environment. And we haven't sold, case one, really at a new price point yet. So I think we need to be prudent about how we think about the year. And with that seasonal mix coming in, there'll be a natural moderation to that top line trend.
David West: I think our pricing model is specific to what we want to do on our portfolio. The line pricing nature of the category, I think, that on some level is going to take place and has started to take place. I think the retailers, generally once they see it, anyone in the category move, they generally move up. So I think you've seen the retailers start that initiative. We feel good about what we've done for our business. Remember, our business has a larger seasonal component than probably anybody else has in the category, as we're the share leader there. So I think what we've done is specific to what we wanted to do for our business. And I think overall, across the category, prices are kind of moving up, but not everybody is doing the same thing. But we're happy with what we've done.
David West: Yes, we have some product in Asda that we launched in the Asda stores. Walmart has a program, a global brand program. We've also been in several other markets or will be in several other markets with them in South America and in Asia. I think it's not appropriate for me to comment on what Walmart's potential plans are in the future. What I would tell you is as part of their global brand initiative, it's very opportunistic for us to play with them as they go into markets and have strength in some new core markets for us. We're very pleased with how it's gone. I think what it really shows from our standpoint is how flexible we would like to be and can be. It's very small to us. It's not material, but I think it's more important for us to demonstrate that our brands can play in a number of markets around the world and that we're flexible enough to make it work. And we're happy with the relationship with Walmart.
David West: You rattled us up, David. I'm not sure -- I hope somebody here in the room is writing it down. Let me try. Yes, there was a little bit of -- if you remember, a little bit of seasonal shift out of Q4 into Q1. Order patterns were different and Easter was a little later. So when we talked about seasonal volume being up roughly 1/3 of our volume growth, that's embedded in that number already. So a couple of points probably out of fourth quarter into first, which is consistent with what we would've expected. I'll answer for J.P. He's not going to tell you how big he thinks the Reese's Minis business can be. What he has already said is just how strong we're off to good start and how consumers are responding to it and it is exceeding our initial expectations. And so I think -- and with respect to the advertising, we probably had a little bit more advertising on air in the early part of the year than we might have initially anticipated. And I think some of that was opportunistic around the new brand, and they are responding. We do expect to be more efficient with our advertising with respect to GRP delivery. So while we're talking about this -- when we talk about the mid-single-digits, we're talking about the spend, dollar spend. We would expect to be much more efficient, and our focus here is to do a tremendous job over the last 2 or 3 years of really getting much higher weight, in terms of GRP increases versus where we would expect on the dollar spend that we've gotten. So you are correct in assuming that while we may be spending mid-single-digits on an overall dollar basis, it is much higher from a GRP standpoint.
David West: Yes, it's pretty much flat. I mean, we had a little bit higher trade promotion rate, a small amount. And that's largely a mix factor with the new products coming in and then with Easter later, a much larger portion of seasonal sales in the quarter than the prior year that tends to be on a higher promotional rate. So if you think about it, trade promotion was a little higher on a rate-rate [ph] basis, but it was mostly mix.
David West: No, we typically don't. We said that we'd be in the market from time-to-time, and that's what we agreed with the board. But we haven't put any definitive timeline on it.
David West: Actually, I wouldn't say we're doing anything differently than we did in 2008. And certainly, we're not promoting more to be clear. But what we are doing is honoring the promotions that we already had in place. And therefore, we'll probably spend a little bit more promotional dollars to make sure that we get to the price points that we had already agreed on with retailers. I mean, each retailer is unique, so we have a different program with them all. And so we would go back now and say, "At higher-priced goods, we want to run the same promotions." So it's not more promotional activity, it's just keeping the promotional activity there, which by the very nature of it will ease the consumer into it because they'll start to see everyday prices higher, but they'll still also be able to ease their way in because they'll still be able to get promoted volumes at a price they're used to. So I think we're not really doing anything really differently. And then we offered an 8-week buy-in, if you will. That's pretty standard. We've done that historically over the years. And that's pretty consistent with our past practices. So nothing new there in terms of what we were doing. And I wanted to follow up on a question. I think, it might have been Rob Moskow might've asked it. I don't know who asked it. Or it might have been yours, Bryan. With respect to the second quarter, we don't want to imply that second quarter volume is going to be down. We're up against a 5% comp a year ago and we'll have a little bit more promotional activity and a little bit of elasticity on the instant consumable part of the business. But I don't want anybody to be walking around thinking that the second quarter is going to be down. That's not -- I mean, we may have misspoken and implied that. I just wanted to clean that up a little.
John Bilbrey: Yes, we feel good about the progress that we're making on both Drops and Minis. And 1 of the measures that we look at is as we take some of our previous introductions -- and I'll use Pieces as an example, we're able to get these 2 launches into distribution faster, so the distribution build has been faster. And then the other thing that we're very pleased about is the takeaway and the repeat is also meeting and exceeding our expectations. So we feel like we're off to a really good start on both of those. Let me just follow-up on your PayDay question as well. As you look at the increased advertising, it was in Q1. Part of the reflection of that is some things that we added in terms of additional brands that would have been in the previous quarter. PayDay was certainly 1 of those. And so PayDay, Almond Joy, Mounds, all of those brands are responding very nicely to the advertising that we've added. And then we also feel good about the upcoming Air Delight introduction that we have in June. Retailers have responded very positively to that. We feel good about the programming that's in place. And that's also a new format for us, as well as the category. And so we're optimistic there as well.
John Bilbrey: Well, there's really 2 places for it. It'll be available in Kisses, so it's an innovation on Kisses. And if you remember in Kisses, we've been working on really rebalancing and rationalizing our portfolio there. We've been investing in advertising in Kisses, and we really haven't had an innovation like that. So Air Delight will be a new variant on Kisses that we're optimistic there. And then in the instant consumable space, with Air Delight, it gives consumers another way to enjoy the Hershey brand in a total different taste and mouth texture profile. So we think the positioning of that will be unique enough that we're again optimistic. And you recall, 1 of the things that we talked about is our discipline around innovation. And so we feel very good about the time and consumer inside work that we're doing on these. And so while we may have fewer innovations, they are bigger and better and more sustainable than we've had in the past. And that's certainly coming through with Minis and Drops.
John Bilbrey: Well, you probably see most of the benefit for us more as we move to 2012 and 2013. We've done some early work with several of our retail partners, which is yielding some really good results. Drug was certainly 1 of the places where we went and really changed the dialogue with our customers in drug, around how we try to look more at a consumer-centric approach and really working with them on shopper insights. And so the combination of really being able to take our consumer data, their shopper insights has enabled us to have a different type of dialogue. And I would describe that part of our relationship historically has been more transactional in nature, and what's really changed now is it's more long-term collaborative business planning over several years. So as we make substantial investments in their shoppers, our consumers, it just really enables us to look at the total story differently than the role of our category within the store. It's really been a positive thing for us and the successes that we've had, we need to roll out. This also probably will be focused for us on, call it, a handful of customers, as we go forward because part of it is you have to be able to have the commitment on the retailers side and the resources to go up against it. But early indications are that this is a real step forward for our company.
John Bilbrey: Yes, we do. We're well on our way in being able to integrate retailer data with our data. And also working in some instances with syndicated data and third parties to build some unique systems that allow us to look at the business differently than we had before. And this is really in the interest of the industry to be able to find ways to take this data and mine it in a much deeper way than we had before. So at any rate, it takes time, it's a long-term commitment, where we've been able to work with some of our most sophisticated retailers. They're as excited about it as we are, so I think this is a great opportunity. We've talked a lot about being more brand- and consumer-centric, and this is essentially central to us, being able to deliver against that.
