Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Roxanna. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company’s third quarter 2016 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO will provide you with an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2015 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items provide additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss third quarter results, excluding net pre-tax charges of $72.4 million or $0.23 per share diluted, which are primarily related to derivative mark-to-market losses and business realignment charges. These charges are defined in the appendix of this morning’s earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
Mark Pogharian: No. I mean, I was going to say we have done some initial integration work with Monkey. I don’t think there is – we didn’t say anything about any restructure work underway, so I don’t know if that’s what you are referring to. I mean, there is again a broader assessment going on right now. As J.P. referenced around what – it’s really a global review across all functions in all geographies. So, we will come back to you with further details on the where and the how.
Mark Pogharian: I don’t know if we want to get into that level of specificity yet. I mean, obviously, the fourth quarter, you are backing into it, so it’s a little bit different. But a lot of this – it’s a big brand, a big launch and we hope to get trial and repeat. And then as J.P. loves to say, repeat a repeat. We will certainly provide more color there, but I mean it’s the biggest news on the brand in a long time. So let’s put it that way.
Mark Pogharian: Well, thank you very much for joining us today. The IR team will be available for any follow-up questions you may have.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. Sure, Jonathan. Thanks. What I am going to do is ask Patricia and Michele Buck, who, as you know, is our Chief Operating Officer, is also with us. So, I will ask the two of them to talk about the fourth quarter, because I think that will be something that comes up for several of you. Thanks.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think there is a couple of things, Ken, that I would say is that you are going to continue to see us talk about the importance of being both growth and EBIT margin-focused. And so we have got to have the right balance there. We continue to be optimistic about the category. And the things that we have talked about so far, I think we have been transparent about, but what you will really hear more with greater specificity is when we get together on March 1 at our meeting. So, a lot of this work is still in process, I would say. But the way we think about it, Ken, is we really have more of a business model philosophy around how we want to have that right balance. But we also believe that if you noticed in my remarks, I have talked about getting the right mix of growth opportunities and where we invest. And I think it’s just basic that we always have to revisit some of those. And given some of the macroeconomic challenges, I think you will see us try to get those right going forward. And then again the greater specificity will come in March. So, if you work with us on that, I appreciate it.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. So I think you have to think about that as both from a growth standpoint and then also from an EBIT margin standpoint that will be a significant focus for us going forward.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, sure. So we – as we look at 2017, we believe the category has indicators that it will continue to expand. I wouldn’t describe that as a planning stance that says it’s a hockey stick, but I think we can see that there is firming in the category. Consumers are in stores. And I just think overall, at the macro level, we think people are across all income cohorts beginning to spend a little bit more confidently than they have before. What I think of that I am very optimistic about is if you just look at the total snack wheel, snacking continues to progress. I think it’s largely driven by occasions. So we have to compete and do well against those new occasions that exist in the market. But I think innovation will be an important driver. It’s good for the category if you think about it within the total snack wheel that we have great competitors. And so frankly, as there is good innovation, I think it just reminds consumers the relevance of CMG in total and so I think that’s good for all of us. And then we of course have to win as well. So what I think you will hear from us as we get more specific about 2017 is we are optimistic about some improvement in the category growth rate as relative to snack wheel. We think occasions certainly benefit us as well and then we have to win market share. And that’s why we are focused against an overall business model that helps us win as a part of the top quartile of our peer group. And then we also want to win market share, obviously within our specific categories. So I am pretty optimistic about 2017 and those are some of the reasons why. Michele importantly talked about the competitiveness in-store. That was all true. But listen, we are all in the business of growth and meeting the wants and needs of consumers. So we are going to be really focused against executing. We are going to win every day from a market share standpoint and then the category growth rate should take care of itself.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, in my comments, I talked about being flexible and agile. And that’s something that we look at all the time. And so we are constantly reviewing where we think the opportunities are with our organization. We believe strongly in the resource that we have and the effectiveness of our sales organization, our overall go-to-market effort. So you would continue to see that as something we just view as really important to winning every day.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. So Michele and I will both talk about that. Let me take the more macro piece of that. So we believe that we want to grow and we look at acquisition as an important piece of that. Obviously, if we can find large, meaningful assets that align with the categories that we are in, we are very open to that. As we have talked about before, we are very aware of all of the different things that exist. We look at a lot of things. At the same time, we believe we have a great business model and we don’t want to do anything that doesn’t really help us build there. I think that when you would see us do smaller things, it’s because we believe they fit within a larger platform or have a brand positioning that we can really build around. I don’t think we are going to be in the business of just getting a lot of disconnected small things that we can’t figure out how to knit together. So, we are very thoughtful about how we think the emerging consumer trends are and does that help us get into some of these different places. So, M&A is an important thing for us. At the same time, we want to be very, very thoughtful about how we approach that. I will let Michele talk a bit more about Krave and Brookside and some of her thoughts there.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, all of the different things that we look at there, we believe they are consumer tested and we want to make sure that they are meeting a need. We have done a lot of demand landscape work that helps us think about where these products belong. And I think we are – I would tell you that I think the rigor we have and the new demand landscape work that we are doing is pretty exciting and it gives us some real insights into some of the things we are doing in our R&D work. So I would tell you we are very confident about the things that you will see us working on as we go forward. And I am sure that in March, we will reveal a little bit more of our demand landscape work and you will see where we are positioning some of these products. So obviously we have always been thoughtful and we are always optimistic, but we just try to get better every year. And we are pretty excited about the things we have in front of us.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, first, you have to take a step back and remember, with our brands, we have very high household penetration. We have high market share. And therefore, we can see across and we have ubiquitous availability. So as we look at all of the different channels and how consumers are – put traffic into stores and then how they are spending per trip, it’s all things that we follow pretty closely. And so you are starting to see such. So imagine that some retailers probably have relatively stable traffic on a going basis than others depending who their income cohorts are. You might see a bit of a different traffic pattern. So, what’s happening is, first, you begin to see people come back into the stores and then you begin to see the basket broaden a little bit. So, I just want to be cautious that it’s not as if everybody is out high-fiving. But as we talk to some of our retailers and as we follow those metrics, there is evidence that the consumer on a more broad base is having a greater frequency in the store. And then we follow what I would simply call the breadth of the basket or the trend – or the value of the basket and we are seeing some improvement there as well. It’s different by channel and you would see some retailers having different experiences. In some retail segments, still talk a little bit about volatility that they are seeing. But again, the good news is that fairly broadly, we are seeing an uptick in trips. And then as the economy I think continues to firm a bit, there will be some confidence around the spend of those consumers. And that’s part of what makes us optimistic about 2017 is if you think about the three elements of our business, seasons, the everyday business and then, of course, instant consumable, instant consumable is very much influenced by people obviously being in the store. We are going to have our products on the floor when they are in the store. When our advertising is working hard for us, you see that everyday business, which is a wonderful margin business for both us and the retailers, do well. So, it really comes back to these elements, Michele talked about earlier for us, strong innovation, making sure we have got the right marketing mix modeling and then the business model that we have talked about. And we will explain more in – when we get together in the spring. It’s really going to be the three buckets of focus for us as a company.
Patricia Little: Thanks. Let me start off by talking first about SG&A, excluding advertising and related marketing. You could see that it was down and has been down since we have gone through the year both on a divisional level and on a year-to-date level in corporate. When – we did have a little bit of an uptick compared to prior year in the third quarter. That really had more to do with some timing issues that we had last year’s third quarter than any change in our fundamental run-rate. And I expect to see this focus on cost in our SG&A, excluding marketing and related advertising expense to continue. In terms of the advertising and related marketing expense, we – as I said in my remarks, we have been running above in the second quarter. We dipped below a little bit in the third quarter, but we expect to have that backup again in the fourth quarter. And that, combined with added investments in trade promotion, we believe will continue to drive momentum in the marketplace. And I will turn it over to Michele to talk a little bit more about that.
Patricia Little: Hi, Rob. It’s Patricia. Let me take a crack at that. I think you have laid out some of the parts to our gross margin that we are very focused on. I agree with you that the snacks and some of the international margin – gross margins are lower than they are. In our core U.S. chocolate business, there is not much that does better than core U.S. chocolate in terms of margin. And you see some of that mix impact in terms of what’s in the base right now. You have mentioned commodities. Commodities will go up and they will go down and we keep our eye on them. And we always look to have some visibility going forward in our commodity expenses so that we can price accordingly and respond accordingly. But I don’t subscribe to the fact that there aren’t improvements we can make in our gross margin. And I want to call out one of the things that our U.S. plants are doing here in terms of the methodology we call lean, which is really wringing even more costs out of the production process and that’s something that we are in the process right now of – we have in several of our plants and were rolling out to more plants. Another thing that we can look at is really on our SKUs and making sure that we have the best, most optimal SKU mix in our portfolio. So, while I agree with you there is a little bit of a headwind in terms of the portfolio evolution, I think that we wouldn’t want to say that there is nothing that we can do about it. We need to remain enormously focused on gross margin.
Patricia Little: Yes, I will take a crack at that. And let me start by saying that you may recall last year, we had a lot of issues in China with trade, where we really had to readjust our inventory out in the trade to market conditions. And so what you are seeing – a lot of what you are seeing is the non-recurrence of that. We have some great results in our Mexico and Brazil operations that I feel really good about. In Brazil, we are having a very good year as we have taken over from our Bauducco JV and have now control of our – over our distribution and are seeing great results from that even given the difficult operating environment in Brazil, so great job from the Brazil team. In Mexico, we have increased distribution opportunities using our Sigma distribution partner, so great result there. India has been taking care of some products that are lower profitability and you can really see that helping our margin and we need to continue to do that going forward. I think China will continue to be a work in progress as we assess our opportunities against the marketplace that we have there, whether that’s in chocolate, which has been a little bit weak or in the more traditional candies that we have with our Golden and Munching Monkey brands. So, we are focused on gross margin there. And getting to healthy gross margin is a big part of the story of returning that whole segment to profitability.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, I would say we continue to believe in investing with the consumer and focusing on getting that right balance between advertising and trade that lets us really deliver in the marketplace. If you think about Q4 overall, we have very good visibility into our holiday orders as those are already sold into customers. We will be shipping Hershey’s Cookie Layer Crunch and that will be a bigger benefit to net sales than it will be takeaway. You will see more of the takeaway towards the end of the quarter and into 2017 and you can think about that as being roughly 1 to 2 points growth for us in Q4. And then lastly, the balance of our growth will really come from overall takeaway across our international and U.S. business. And we believe that we will continue to see some sequential improvement in Q4 behind the investments that we are making.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would build on that. I think we also believe we have some opportunity relative to the work that we are doing on revenue management and optimizing trade as well as price mix that could help us as well.
Michele Buck: Sure, David. It’s Michele. I will take that one. As we have talked a bit before, we really view our competitive landscape as being that whole snacking world. We know that snacking is growing faster than the total food market. And within that, we are seeing a lot of growth in indulgent snacking and we think it’s a real opportunity for us to leverage our trademarks and play as broadly as we can. And what we have seen is a strategic opportunity to source revenue more broadly and also to provide some incremental texture that we are seeing based on our consumer demand landscape that certain consumers are looking for so that it really expands the footprint of our Hershey trademark. So as we had mentioned, this is an area where we do a lot of testing. We did the BASES test that looked at concept, product delivery as well as our marketing investments behind the proposition. And all signals have indicated that it is a big nice kind of scale platform opportunity for us and that’s why it’s really important. It’s going to help us to refresh the Hershey brand to bring relevant news and capture new snacking occasions.
Michele Buck: So David, I would say, as we think about the key priorities that are necessary for us to drive the business and maximize our results, they really focus on portfolio, which does have a lot to do with innovation. On marketing mix, we have talked about this category as very responsive category, so getting the right balance between advertising and trade and also within advertising, how we spend our dollars and then, of course, cost control, where we are – have always been focused and as you know are focused on some additional platform work going forward there. So, I would say that innovation is absolutely key. Scale platform innovation has proven to be one of the greatest drivers for our category. I am encouraged about some of the innovation that we had this past year and I think that we have seen the results of that in the marketplace. And a lot that didn’t launch until the second half, but Big Kat, Reese’s Pieces Cup has done incredibly well. And Snack Mix was also a great innovation that drove incrementality. Of course, it wasn’t shared to the confection category. It’s actually health and salty snacks. So, it is a key lever. And having that sustainable big platform innovation gives us sustaining innovation over a multiyear period of time and that’s one of the biggest focuses for us is making sure that we have sticky innovations, so that it doesn’t just launch and come out. But I agree with you that as we look to next year, both in terms of our business as well as the category, we think that the level of innovation is really going to help to drive CMG category growth and bring consumers to our category. So we are really excited about that.
Michele Buck: Sure. So, instant consumables is always a priority for us, given its strong profitability and so as we look at the past couple of years, we are really focused going forward and how we can continue to drive instant consumable a little bit harder. There has been a bit more competition in that area from some healthy instant consumable offerings. But where we feel good about where we are making progress is the results we have seen from some of the innovation that was instant consumable focused, both in terms of our Ice Breakers gum, capacity expansion and then the Reese’s Pieces Cup and Big Kat. And then you will see that with Cookie Layer Crunch as well and some other offerings into next year. We have also focused on optimizing some of our merchandising strategies in a way that we think will continue to drive instant consumable a bit harder. So it’s certainly a key focus for us.
Michele Buck: Sure. So I will address both of those. So first of all we will look at Crunchers, this fits right in the strategy. We have spoken to you a bit about around snackfection, which is thinking broadly about where our core confectionery trademarks, which are so powerful, can play to bring in new users and be utilized across even more snacking occasions with consumers. So if you look at Crunchers, you can see the product has our great trademarks and great chocolate, but very different eating experience, which is much more of a munchable crunchy product, which will put those propositions in a whole different consumer use education. So it really fits in that strategy of expanding snacking occasions across the broader marketplace. And you will see that in the marketplace sometime mid first half of the year. But we are really excited about that. Relative to your broader question on some of the other factors at play in the category, one that I would bring up is just the timing of Easter is always a key factor for the category. And certainly, some years that’s a benefit. And some years, it’s not. This year is one of the shortest Easters. Next year, we have that going in our favor, so we are excited about that. And relative to display, there has been some pressure on the category as some of the biggest retailers have gone to clean floor policies. And given how much floor space confection has received. I think this category has taken a little bit of a bigger hit than some other categories potentially. We believe that we are now behind us with lapping a good piece of that and we believe that having great innovation is one of the best ways to gain display and space. And we are feeling good about some of the initiatives that we have put in place for holiday, where we are seeing share gains and also the share gains that we saw in Q3. And display has been a piece of that.
Michele Buck: Sure. So, we feel good about each of those acquisitions if I look to Brookside, Krave as well as barkTHINS though that one obviously is early. And really, our strategy there is looking at how we can expand our portfolio to either bring in new users or new usage occasions, something that we perhaps aren’t able to do with our current existing portfolio of brands. So, we really think about buying a brand and a full proposition. As I look at Brookside, we have been really pleased with how we have delivered against that acquisition model over the years. We certainly have grown the business. It continues to be important strategically in terms of delivering and getting us more into the mass premium space. And right now, we are focused on consumers love the products. We have great repeat. And our next wave of growth there needs to be to continue to drive incremental trial and bring in additional users to that product that folks love. Krave, we are feeling good about. And if you look at all three of these acquisitions, as we create value, we certainly start by creating value by expanding distribution and that’s been the clear first piece of the model by achieving cost synergy and then third, by unleashing and expanding the brand and that’s really the model we think about each one. Krave, we have nearly doubled the sales on that, likewise, nearly doubled distribution and are feeling good about where our velocities are in the marketplace and the innovation pipeline we have behind that. And we are seeing similar results that would certainly again allow on barkTHINS. So, we feel like we have got a model that is helping us to continue to have a portfolio that meets the growing, expanding needs of consumers.
Michele Buck: So, we know that it’s a highly competitive marketplace and I think we are always trying to achieve that balance between having the right amount of news to fulfill those consumer and retailers’ needs and be competitive in the marketplace, but also balance that with being very disciplined and really making sure that we have got the right focus on profitable SKUs that allow us to deliver the best margin. So, I would tell you that we have got a lot of focus on that right now. We have continuing focus on that and we will look to continue to optimize there.
Michele Buck: We think very broadly about seasons and seasons are really celebratory occasions. So, we certainly look to max out each individual traditional season opportunity, but we really try and think more broadly about how we can apply that model more broadly. So for example, the S’mores occasion is a great opportunity of almost – of the S’mores season. And then more recently, we built the birthday opportunity, which we just started shipping in the marketplace in the second half of this past year. It’s one of the reasons why Kisses is doing so well, because we have now found a way to get that Kiss and some of our chocolate products into a new occasion, where we really help create and shape that occasion for consumers and the need for our product during that occasion. So, we see that as one of the big opportunities just to continue to expand on that occasion focused strategy in addition to winning the traditional seasons and continuing to uncover new insights that allow us to do that.
