John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I would say, yes, David. Our shipments are roughly in line with that consumption pattern, and so we've not seen a change of what we consider good inventory levels at the trade.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. If you look at how we had talked about this historically in models that even though all the way back to 2008, as you know, we talked about it kind of being a one-for-one sort of relationship that current reported increase you would see a point of volume decline. As we've revised our both models and experiences and we've mentioned this a couple of times as well, it's really much closer to about a half in volume decline for a point of increase. And then we continue to see that the pricing is -- it's being passed through faster following each of our experiences with recent price declines. Then the other point, I think, that is important to think about and we're also learning from, when some of the commodity cost inflation begin, our investment levels and advertising in our brands were certainly significantly lower than it is today. So I think reminding consumers why they participate in the category in the face of the news of pricing, et cetera, has really helped us. So we think that's really been fundamental to the better conversion that we've seen over time.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, in terms of -- we said we're really expect today -- we do expect meaningful commodity cost inflation to continue from this year into next year. Having said that, we're very focused on our gross margin, and we believe that maintain the gross margin structure is important to us. We have a lot productivity programs next year. We've got an episode fixed from Project Next Century as we bring some lines in. It's a little early -- a little early for us at this stage to start providing any seasonalization to the earnings for next year. But needless to say, we do expect continued inflation. But we also believe that we have good progress in place to help mitigate those.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I won't detail the specific cost savings piece of it. Bert may talk about that within a more holistic basket. But as we look at our overall distribution opportunities, we look across the total CPG group for opportunities that we may be able to combine efforts. As you know, in China, we have a joint asset with Lotte and as we were looking at building additional distribution capability. And, by the way, this distribution facility will be in Canada, but it will serve a broader market. We found that we had similar needs. It's pretty common in a number of other geographies where manufacturers go together for some of these noncompetitive types of things where you can get synergies via cost sharing, et cetera. And so that's really -- there's not a lot more to it than that. That's really the complexion of what we're looking at with that particular project.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we continue to be very excited about India. If you look at the combination -- and I'll talk a little bit about this -- is that the Indian market for us, we have a joint venture with Godrej. That business is doing well this year. It's up versus previous year. We've learned a lot. We continue to be committed to the Indian market. We're going to be assessing over time what's the best way for us to participate in India. But right now, our joint venture with Godrej is the way forward for us in India.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that's probably a reasonable assumption to make, that a higher percentage is going out at the higher price, and that would be affecting also the mix that we would have forecasted for the quarter. And then I come back to the fact that retailers seem to be converting price at retail faster than they had before. The seasons, of course, are going to be a deal price. So the good news is that the conversion is good, especially on the instant consumables, which have already taken the pricing, and people are participating in the marketplace. And then for me, one of the most encouraging things around the pricing environment is the fact that king continues to do so well as consumers see it as a value and it's not an obstacle to participate in the category.
John P. Bilbrey: No, I wouldn't say that. There is some mix as we grow more rapidly and internationally, we said 25%. It's not the same margin. So I would -- that part would be true. And in any case, our margins, we said, would be flat versus last year. We continue to believe that. We continue to see sequential improvement. I think we're down a bit over 100 basis points in the second quarter and about 20 this quarter. We expect a further sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. And so there is a lot of commodity inflation built into this year. And while we do have strong productivity programs, we expect to be about flat margin to the year.
John P. Bilbrey: Let me just add one additional piece of texture that may or may not help you on this, but the only thing it was different in Q3 that if you go back over the last couple of years, you've heard us talk a lot about how we needed to do better in the drug channel than we've been doing. 2 particular pieces of our business were not only in Q3, but as we begin to build a better base here going forward, we've now -- I'll call it turned our business around a more positive results in the food channel. It made significant strides in drug as well. So if you look at the way the business is performing, we've been performing well across channels. We've really also benefited from a bit of a channel mix change as well as we do better and better in those particular channels. So we're almost participating in those segments in a way that we haven't for quite some time.
John P. Bilbrey: As I look at some of the pricing and all that we're seeing in the market, it really looks as though that the prices are the prices we would have anticipated because we had not taken up prices on Halloween. So I don't think that's an area where people are taking pricing earlier. I think they're really looking at it as a good destination for the consumers. They want to have a proactive pricing. It's competitive. And so you wouldn't really see against the Halloween promotion any kind of pricing inflation.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think what I would say is that as we move through the last couple of years with broad economic pressure on the consumer, our category has really, on some level, benefited from the fact that it's an accessible indulgence. And rather than contrast things against cookies, crackers, et cetera. I just think that our category participates in this kind of environment almost at a higher level than it does on a regular basis, because you pick up business from people who maybe have left something else. They still want to feel good. They know that it's something that's within an arm's reach of desire. We have broad-based availability for our products, similar to some of those other categories. But I think this is just one of the real magic benefits of this category is that it's accessible. It's affordable. Chocolate is one of the most business -- frankly, the most affordable country in the world on a cost per pound that participate in the category. And I think that's as important as anything. And then remember, we have ubiquitous distribution. So as we talked about being within an arm's reach of desire, we're in the front end of the store, near the checkouts or at the counters and a lot of places. And then the convenience store businesses continue to do very, very well. And then one of the things -- one of the dynamics we've seen there is some people had pressure on not filling their tank and making multiple trips per week versus -- or maybe they're making one and filling their entire take. They still seem to be going in the store. And we've also benefited from that. So that's really the color commentary I would give that versus trying to contrast us versus 2 or 3 other segments.
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. First of all, let me go back and anchor us in our overall objectives and that is we get about 1 point of our growth algorithm from innovation. Certainly in 2011, we're well ahead of that. We're very pleased with the innovation stream that we have in the pipeline. What we're doing is probably differently from the path is where I think that category in many ways is focused on just introducing a number of items. I think we're far more consumer-centric than we were before. And when we have the innovation that's working hard for us, we want to make sure that we continue to invest in that in year 2 and year 3. So we're very comfortable and I think our retail partners here are pleased with the innovation stream that we have. We do have new things that we're introducing it. In the fourth quarter, we will be lapping the introduction of both minis and drops, and we won't have in the fourth quarter the same innovation contribution that we did in 2010. And then we believe we have a good pipeline of products that enable us to continue to deliver against that growth algorithm going forward. I think there's going to be some years we do better than that. Certainly, this is the last couple of that, that's been true. And there's going to be others that we are about on that pace and that's why we talk about it that way. Our goal is not about quantity, but it's about quality and ensuring that they have net contribution as after cannibalization to our business. So when we talk about those numbers, that's not a gross number of new things selling within the year, but it's really about sticky innovation that's additive to both ourselves and retailers.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I'm not going to give the exact contribution level but I can tell you we're very, very pleased and it was well above what all of our bases testing and forecasting would have told us. So we're -- we just feel really good about it and rather than break that out. I would leave it at that. We have innovation coming in June of next year that we're excited about that we think will also be good news for us. We haven't introduced that in the marketplace yet. We've certainly gotten some retailer input during the development phase. But you'll see us back in the middle of the summer with some things that we'll be taking to retailers.
John P. Bilbrey: I think what we're really saying is that the timing of when pricing is happening in the marketplace seems to have changed over the historical reference points. Because with all of the broad level of pricing that's happened in the market and with all the broad commodity basket inflation, I think what's happening is that retailers are taking that pricing maybe sooner than it would have happened historically. And, therefore, we're seeing that passthrough. That's really the effect. I don't think anybody is necessarily taking pricing beyond what's being passed through from manufacturers.
John P. Bilbrey: No. We believe that as we look at the conversion modeling that we've done, it continues to be on track versus what we've said. And then we said it's moved from broad stables number of what's historically been a one-to-one effect to really a 1 to much closer to 0.5 effect in terms of pricing volume ratio.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. The currency markets in the first, let's call it -- certainly the first half of the year, we saw that the dollar was weakening. We saw somewhat of reversal of that as you know in the third quarter, mostly precipitated by concerns around Europe, obviously, in flight to safety. And then we've seen that tail off a little bit again to where the dollar's started to weaken again. And so right now, we would anticipate that we have less exposure obviously than some of our competitors in the international market. And yet, this year we've seen about a 1 point benefit from FX, less so in the third quarter. We think that, that trend could continue in terms of a flat-to-down dollar. And so -- but it cuts both ways. On the one hand, while it may provide a better top line, there is some commodity inflation that occurs from a weaker dollar because of the commodity markets just straight in U.S. dollars. So it's not that it drives you in one direction. It really depends on how much commodity and prices are influenced by lower dollars versus the benefit that you get from translation.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I guess, it's a little bit unpredictable. You have to believe to some degree that the flight to safety element stays in place versus whether people can be convinced that the European markets can take care of themselves and then the focus may get right back to the U.S. deficit. So we don't think there's going to be a dramatic change at this point. But should you know, needless to say, it affects you both ways, translation wise and unfortunately, commodity wise.
John P. Bilbrey: I think that from a coverage standpoint, we feel very good about where we're at, the results we're getting and we probably have a more flexible sales organization today given some of the technology investments that we've made and we've had in the past. So I do think we're at a good place and certainly over the last couple of years where we thought we could benefit from incremental coverage we've done that. As the same time, as I talked about earlier, as we think about building density around our coverage in key markets, we want to continue to be able to be flexible to do that. So I think what you'll see that may be a bit different is that we build out our distribution in China as an example where our business is growing very, very nicely in what is a growing category. We'll continue to be making certainly investments there, as well as couple of other places. So again, I think going back to driving a predictable, profitable and sustainable business in North America, we feel good that we're doing that. And then the second goal that we have around delivering geographical expansion in key markets to be places where we make investments around coverage and capability.
John P. Bilbrey: One of the things that's been clear over the last couple of years, 2011 was certainly no exception is that because the category has performed well, it's been one of the most attractive categories in the entire box. And so we've benefited from that. I think where we've seen some retailers who have gone through periods where they said, well, we may do less of this and more of something else. I think the category has really proven itself there. One example I'd give you, which I find really interesting and compelling is that as we've done some of our IDP work, we work with one of our large retailers and we realize that while they were doing a really good job in gum and mint on what we would call a snack grab trip mission, They weren't doing so well in the overall, it's a consumable candy bar segment. So we put together a cross-functional team. We worked with them at their headquarters. We used our center of excellence group here, and we did a number of pieces and research as well as some testing. And now as we've implemented those results of the test and the way we think is the right way to go about it. And if you look at the total instant consumable categories, these are your category results. We're not talking specifically just our brands. But in the year 1 roll out of that in these clusters of stores. The sales increase for the category is up 15%. And as we've gotten now into the second round of expansion again, taking this IDP approach to getting very specific consumer insights and trip missions and combining those, the results were up almost 20%. So you're now -- it's an [indiscernible] to engage further around specific trip missions where we take our consumer insights, their shopper data, we look in store clustering and really are able to move the levers across individual and unique stores. So the interest in the category for our retailers continues to be very high and the performance of the category certainly has allowed all of the store and things that we think are good for all of our mutual businesses.
Humberto P. Alfonso: What we said was that the category in the quarter had performed at 4.5%, and year-to-date, around 4.4%. So it is -- the category is tracking ahead of the 3% to 4%, which we see historically. So a little bit ahead of the 4%. The 8% is the Hershey takeaway number. And so obviously, we're gaining share within the category, about 1 point year-to-date and about 1.25 points. And so what I'm referring to in terms of inventory levels across the different classes of trade. And obviously, you have some of the impacts of Halloween going in that we don't see a big change in inventory levels at the trade level and that we're shipping in approximately what consumption patterns are. But the category itself is not the 8% number. That's our number.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, and I think J.P. did refer to that. What we are seeing -- and I think I spoke to it. I said if you look at the quarter, net price realization was about 5.5 points. We got a volume -- we had a point of volume decline, and then about 0.5 point of FX to the positive. So that's how we get to our 5. But J.P. did mentioned that we are seeing greater performance at convenience, because within that 8%, we were up almost 13%. And we are seeing that price is something that the retailers are being more aggressive about, so you're right about that point and I think we alluded to that.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. And the mix we think influences that. Because while our total takeaways is around 8%, convenience stores, where we do see a lot of pricing coming through, is almost 13%.
Humberto P. Alfonso: It does not include Canada but it would include exports. And markets -- some of our markets are export markets and -- but in Mexico, Brazil and China, we actually have production on the ground so that includes the focus market, exports, but not Canada.
Humberto P. Alfonso: We didn't give an exact U.S. number. We did say 1 was the composite number. And so -- yes, but U.S. would have been a little bit more than the 1 and the international numbers would have been positive volume.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. The reason we made that comparison, David, was more to put in perspective the fact that there has been some recent decline. And so the spot market, as you know, ourselves and our competitors, they have some degree of hedging, in fact our 10-K says we could be anywhere from 3 to 24 months. And so it was really only a reference point because commodities have come down as a basket, but they still remain high. And that was really the key message that they still remain high. Cocoa has come off a bit, but we see sugar prices -- even oil yesterday closed about $92, so energy prices remain high. And so the message really for us was to put some perspective around the recent decline that, yes, there's been a recent decline but so on relative basis, we have high commodity costs and they're quite volatile. Even in today's market, you've seen cocoa creep back up as the dollar weakens a bit against the euro. So I think the real takeaway that we try to put across was that we're very gross margin focused and that we have good programs against those commodity cost increases.
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, that's really not the message. Declines are always good so -- in any context. We're just not trying to put any one-to-one relationship between the declines in any particular period. That's all. But declines are good in any case.
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, we're not giving any specifics on those. The markets today are relatively flat. And you would expect that our pension assumption has some return. And so if they ended today, we would have some impact. I would say that it's still -- we still believe within that context that we will be within our 6 to 8, and it could go any way. Could end the year up, 10%. In which case, it may not be an issue at all, but it could end down 10%, in which case it might be a bigger issue. But as of today, it's relatively flat rate. Our 6 to 8 still feels good.
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, it's both. It's both. The fact that the rates have come from roughly 5% to 4%, it has a pretty significant impact.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, let me take the king-sized first. So there's no negative impact to the growth of king from a margin standpoint. And we'll provide additional perspective on how we're looking at 2012 when we get together the next time. We've still got a couple of months of the year left. We don't know what Halloween sell-through looks like yet, although we feel very good about where Halloween is headed. And we don't know how consumers are going to act through the holiday as they look at their total macroeconomic perspective. So we feel very comfortable about the outlook of our business, and we'll provide greater texture to that the next time we get together.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Jonathan, let me talk about it in a little bit of a broader sense that may give you some perspective there. I look over the 5-year plan that we have in place. There's really 4 things that I'd like you to think about. First of all, we want to drive predictable, profitable and sustainable growth in our North American business. We continue to believe there's a lot of potential with our North American business. We also want to deliver geographic expansion in the key markets we talked about. And one of the ways you do that is by creating density in each of those markets around the organization, economic density and the coverage that we need in our business. And then we want to create and expand consumer preferred portfolios in each of those markets. So in a lot of these markets, our portfolio on some level is not as broad as we have the potential for it to be within our own existing portfolio and the new brands that we would be able to add to that. And then the fourth thing that we're very focused on is building the people, the processes and the capability to leverage the intellectual capital we have. So what I feel really good about is this enables us to deliver a very strong foundation to be very consistent that we deliver the things that we say we're going to deliver, and we create a company that has a better platform and foundation than the one we even have today. It's as good as we feel about it. And if you think about the potential of that story, it makes our brands available to an incremental 1/3 of the world's population by focusing on only those key markets and building out our business there. And as we do that, it's going to change the mix of some of the investments we make from what we've done historically. But if we do that in a thoughtful and mindful way, we believe it's a very compelling boost for our company.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. The 8.7% that J.P. refer to was our custom database, which would include Walmart. And so that would be different than the syndicated FDMxC at 8.4%. And then the volume impact in the quarter was the minus 1 point.
Humberto P. Alfonso: It's certainly did more about the mix than the -- we can give us supporting the price increase. And so think of Halloween in the third quarter, if that's the old prices and mechanically from accounting perspective the way that would work is that between gross and net, we would have a higher trade promotion number that supports that price increase. But it's more mix than it is that we're spending less to promote -- to protect the prices if that's your question.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, the mix was different, yes, and you know part of that you can see in the almost 13% takeaway in convenience. J.P. also talked about drug stores which also has a decent amount of consumable on the front end. So it would certainly be mix that will be important. And then within the context of that one-to-one of historical CPG price conversion and the 0.5 point that we talked about. Mark mentioned we're somewhere in between there, so a little bit better than we anticipated.
Humberto P. Alfonso: I mean that's not something that's predictable for us. Obviously, retailers set their own prices. What we do is provide the price protection because we've already agreed on the demand equation 6, 8, 9, 10 months ago on a particular season. So that could happen but again, J.P. may want to speak to some of the programs.
Humberto P. Alfonso: I think -- we're not going to talk about any specific retail volumes. But I think in total, we continue to feel very good about the Q3 trends and the areas of issue.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, in terms of what I mentioned is that we paid down the $250 and we're looking at the credit markets, we like the current rates and that there's certainly potential to reissue. That would be neutral to next year.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Phil. And that's what's built into our forecasts, so we would expect the volume trends to actually improve going forward, especially here into the fourth quarter.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I would say that the -- let me start with your latter point and I'll work back to your initial question. Certainly the capital structure of the company is ultimately a board level decision. Now management has a view, and we certainly inform the board what we think is the appropriate position to take. We think of it less in terms of a debt-to-equity or a particular metric, although clearly you have to pay attention to those with the rating agencies. But we think about more in terms of the desired credit rating. And we're an A1P1 issuer. We like the A credit rating. We've talked in the past about with strategically for M&A purposes, would you come off those ratings. We said that for something that was strategic and transformational you would. You'd want to see a clear path back. And so right now, we're at about 1.5 in terms of debt-to-equity. And we paid down the bond, but we're looking at the credit market to see if it's not an appropriate time given the interest rate environment to get back into the marketplace. So it's more about the credit rating and, absolutely, to your point, it is ultimately a board level decision.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. In terms of the guidance, what we've said in the past was that the 3% to 5%, 6% to 8% gives us the flexibility in terms of investment posture. And we've increased some of the -- increasingly have been investing more not that just in the U.S. but outside of the U.S. And given the scale differences, there are different margin structures in non-U.S. markets. The guidance around -- last year, I think around this time, we did give guidance for around the 3% to 5%, 6% to 8%. And as the fourth quarter ended and we had more visibility into the year, we did change to sort of the upper end of those ranges. And we gave that indication early in the year. And so our intent would be somewhat similar. And as we see the year come to a close, as we get a better read on next year, whether it's cost basket wise or how we see our sell throughs on an important season like a Halloween and a holiday, that we will provide further detail and further color around how we feel within those ranges. So I understand the point in terms of being more specific. For us, it's really time of year. It gives us the flexibility to invest buying our business. We think we do that in a disciplined way. And we want to be predictable and to the extent that we can manage our business within those ranges.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we really don't talk about our hedging programs or how far out we are and so on and so forth. And a part of that, obviously, is some of our competitors report any of that information. Needless to say, we have an active hedging program and we take a view on there's value in the marketplace and look at all the things that you expect us to look at whether it's fundamental supply and demand, or really fits along the technical factors given all the financial money out there in terms of the asset class. Dairy, you're quite right. It's the one that that's least hedge-able and always presents the most uncertainty. The really -- the message that we wanted to put across was that this year has been an inflationary year for commodities and next year will be as well, but that we do think we have the right programs and our focused on the margin will continue to be just as strong next year as it has been this year. Okay. Well, Thank you for joining us for today's conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available all day to answer any follow up questions you may have. Thank you.
