Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's first quarter 2023 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre-recorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Melissa Poole: Sure. So there is no change to the number of lines. There are five lines and I think there's one that we just didn't specifically call out in our remarks. So, so no difference there. Relative to Weaver, we feel very good about the acquisition. Weaver manufacturing is currently a come in of SkinnyPop. We acquired two plants and really what it gives us are three things that gives us sufficient capacity to be able to support growth for several years to come. And as you know, we are seeing very strong growth on SkinnyPop. It provides us with resiliency and also flexibility just so that we can continue to support the strong growth that we are seeing. As you know, as you look across our business for strategic categories and businesses that we are in, we do like to have at least some degree of own manufacturing across our network.  And we also feel pretty good about the investment return at the investments that we made. We believe, given the quality of the assets, the fact that facilities are on the newer side that it is faster and cheaper than if we needed to build this on our own. 
Melissa Poole: Yeah, absolutely. So, we definitely - if we look at Easter, we had some impacts from supply constraints. We anticipate by Halloween and holiday, those will be behind us. But that impact - impacted us. And then also, we've continued to see very strong growth in sweets and then also that rebound of refreshments from some of the weaker trends in that post-COVID type of the year. So really mix as an impact. 
Melissa Poole: And Pam, I think we did on the last call. We might called out the impact. It's about a half a point headwind for us for the full year related to that transition all focused in the fourth quarter results. 
Melissa Poole: Yeah, I mean, I would say, the recovery that we anticipate is really driven by the increasing Investments that we've continued to make over the past several years in capacity. Obviously, some of them take some time to be able to get equipment, get it up and running et cetera. And so, that's the point at which we believe we start to get ahead. So, I think we've pretty consistently talked about and end of ‘23 and ‘24, that we anticipate being beyond many of these supply issues.  But yes, I would It's a predominantly, they've been focused on capacity. Certainly, in the early years there were some other industry dynamics, as well. It's even - I'm not sure maybe your question, the 5%, just to clarify, that is actually that the pound number not a sales number. I mean, we were clear enough in the remark.  So that that 5% growth in production pounds will be well ahead of what the guidance calls for volume and that's kind of how we catch up. 
Melissa Poole: There will be a carryover into ‘24 from those, as well as some additional capacity expansions that we have coming online. So there will be a low-single-digit increase in pounds production available next year as well from carryover and some new initiatives. 
Melissa Poole: So we always partner very closely with our retail customers to try and do what we believe is best to meet consumer demand and also to drive category growth, which is good for both of us. So we continue to have very collaborative discussions with our retailers relative to our pricing implementations, which also includes a lot of discussion about with the right plans to have business reinvestment that will enable the support of very strong unit conversion. 
Melissa Poole: Yeah, sure. So, absolutely. We believe that with the additional supply that we have ramping up as we go through the year, that we will be in good shape to have a very solid plan to meet Halloween and holiday demand. So, some of the issues that we encounter during Easter we should be passed in the back half. 
Melissa Poole: I mean we're not going to give a lot of – we are not really going to talk about 2024. I mean, at the very high level I’ll talk a little bit about the consumer piece and Steve can talk about the P&L component. But we feel good about the momentum that we're seeing on the business, certainly in terms of consumers’ engagement with the category.  A lot of the underlying consumer behaviors that we're seeing sustain which continue to support performance. We're continuing to see good response to the investments that we’re making in media behind the business across all parts, really. I mean CMG, as well as our salty brands where we're just getting started on some of the investments in salty.  And certainly, as we saw in the first quarter, strong momentum in international. So right now, we don't see any big signals that suggest to us any big hurdles on the top-line. 
Melissa Poole: You know, I would say it's too early. We've just started the support on air. We feel very good about all the work that we've done in terms of understanding the dots consumer and the consumers’ relationship with dots. And so we feel good about the messaging direction, the creative execution and certainly it's scored incredibly well and the responsiveness that we tend to see across our snacking categories with advertising investments.  So more to come and we'll share more as we have actual in-market results on that. But we think that will clearly only help us given that we haven't been investing in that brand in the past. 
Melissa Poole: Yes, absolutely. So, clearly distribution is job one, when we buy a business like this. I mean, that's one of our key strengths and we want to fully utilize it. So on dots in particular, there were really opportunities to kind of fill in on distribution. Previously, they really didn't have a very large Walmart business and they were underdeveloped in the northeast.  So that's been a big area of focus and that certainly has driven - has been a key driver of the business. But we've also seen increases in velocity at the same time, given the very strong repeat potential that we see from consumers behind this product. Then as you think about the growth trajectory, over time, I would kind of describe it as it basically will evolve in terms of what the drivers are.  So as we fill out the distribution, we start to really employ our category management capability relative to optimizing the shelf. As you saw in March, we then start to apply our media capability with advertising behind the brand to really increase awareness and household penetration. And then beyond that, the other kind of key focus is relative to price pack architecture and other drivers.  So, I think we will see the revenue coming from it will continue, but we will apply the other capabilities we have to really generate that. And as we mentioned at Investor Day, we do anticipate seeing growth in that 15% kind of range for the next few years. And then, but a deceleration from the twenty plus percent that we've seen more recently. 
Melissa Poole: Well, C store is really a core capability for the company for our base core CMG businesses. Certainly we realize its importance in reaching certain specific consumers and really certain specific occasions when consumers are out and about. So it is a priority for us. We have been focused on that. I think in SkinnyPop, we are certainly making progress. But there's more opportunity to go.  And so, it'll remain a focus for us going forward. I don't know if I'd say that there is any key barrier. Certainly, there are folks who have DSD capability more broadly. But we've done a good job with our CMG business, where we don't have it building distribution in convenience stores. So, we feel very good about that.  And then across our salty snacks network, we do have both warehouse and DSD capability. And we're really working right now to optimize how we best utilize each to maximize the potential of the business. 
Melissa Poole: Yeah. And as I mentioned earlier, we do have that gives capacity ahead of demand. So it gives us that trajectory for the next few years. 
Melissa Poole: No, I mean, bulk of the capacity is ready to eat popcorn. So it didn't really come with a big negative overhang. 
Melissa Poole: Other than that there will be excess unused capacity for a while, so that there's some fixed overhead there. 
Melissa Poole: Yeah, that's the one piece I might add is just, ours is a kind of come through a little bit slower and more elongated because of the timing it takes for us to implement particularly with seasons. So, kind of, as we think about ‘24 pricing, we won't have an outsized price gap versus kind of pre-pandemic levels versus a lot of our competition.  As you see many of them are posting high teens or 20% pricing versus up at 10%. So some of those just ours is a little bit more spread out. But we will certainly be watching it very closely and particularly within, snacking to look at where the share of stomach is going and how those cross elasticities progress. 
Melissa Poole: And we continue to see some of our inputs rise, cocoa and sugar recently which is one of the reasons that we decided to lean into that more recent pricing action. 
Melissa Poole: Yes. Thanks so much for joining us this morning and all the great questions and the continued interest and investment in our company. So I'll be available today and in the coming weeks to answer any additional follow-ups you may have. Thanks so much. Have a great day. 
Michele Buck: Yeah, 2Q will be probably our most challenging quarter. I look to the balance of the year. We're going to have the timing piece shift back out, but then also recall last year it was a big inventory till quarter as well. And so, when you look at the laps, it's pretty tough lap. That combined with that point and a half coming out, we'll put, more to the mid-single digit range, probably from a sales standpoint. And that will put more pressure on the EPS side than the rest of the quarters. 
Michele Buck: Yeah, at the high level it's going to have, as we talked about in the Investor Conference more impact in ‘24 than it is in ’23. That’s based on partly the implementation date and then also the fact that we have protection in place for big promotions and programming for a good part of the year. And we're still working with retailers on the implementation.  And so, all of that will continue. I think, by the time we get to the mid-year mark, I have more visibility both on balance of ‘23 and ‘24 impacts that we’ll be able to talk more about it at that time. 
Michele Buck: Yeah thank you. Yeah, it is early in the year I think, in general, we probably wouldn’t look at raising our guidance top-line or bottom-line this earlier in the year. On the gross margin side, though, a couple of things, one, it’s clearly we have some commodities that are getting more expensive than some cocoa and sugar in particular, are moving in the wrong direction that we have a few smaller non-test ingredients that are a little bit more favorable right now than they were. Time will tell whether that's going to be able to stick around.  But probably the biggest pieces than just freight and logistics improvements and if you recall last year at this time, when we did the call, that was one of the big, I'll say surprises on the downside was increasing and freight and logistics costs. And for the first quarter at least, we saw some improvement in that both on our supply chain but also contracted support for getting truck show up for appointments and freight costs and so forth.  So, those are really the drivers in the first quarter that we captured in the outlook. Time will tell as the year goes on how the rest plays out. But that's what gives us the confidence is really just the first quarter performance. 
Michele Buck: Yeah, and beyond just the capacity and one of the things that gives us the opportunity to optimize the supply chain network more, broadly. So if you think to the future, other assets are potentially coming in, if you think about some of the strategies we talked about around price pack architecture, and being able to make sure we have the right packs and mixes to support the business going forward. So by having all of that in our hands, in our control, just gives us more flexibility and agility to deliver that growth plan. 
Steve Voskuil: We touched on this a little bit in the first question. We still expect elasticity to moderate as the year goes on, but in our outlook now a little bit less severely than we did in our original plan. And we'll see how the year plays out. But that's our current assumption. 
Steve Voskuil: Sure. So, we have, we have the impact of the transition on the ERP baked into the guidance. We profiled that out across the quarters including some inventory build in advance of the changeover and then the changeover itself in the back half of the year. In terms of benefits, it's a critical ingredient to driving efficient scale across that businesses.  We touched on that a bit in our investor conferences. Well, one of our goal is to drive scale efficiency on all parts of that business on the front-end, the supply chain side, and so forth. And this system is important to get them on the same system. The rest of the company will operate on, so we can operate the back office efficiently. We can operate the front-end efficiently, have more inventory visibility that are planning capabilities. And so, so it is the integral. We are excited about it. Everything to-date is on track and we'll look forward to getting that behind us later this year. 
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, the big – I think the biggest factor is it is still early in the year. We still have a lot to play out and so we're certainly taking stock of the upsides that we saw in the first quarter. But we're still being cautious also on what is to come in or the world has changed a lot over these quarters there is still a lot of volatility potentially ahead. And so, we're factoring that. And then also, as we go forward, particularly in Q4 the laps get tougher. And so, that's the other factor weighing in the guidance. 
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, I would agree. I just point to, as Michelle said, capacity – having capacity available as we exit the year to be a little bit more on the gaps from that standpoint versus some of the limits we've had in the last couple of years the salty aspirations that we have talked a lot about that at the conference coming off of the back of the ERP and rolling into next year, we're excited about that.  And then the commercial capabilities that we talked more about at the conference, as well that being able to help drive sustainable growth in the US business in particular. So, those are just some of the reasons that it we feel pretty good about the momentum. 
Steve Voskuil: Sure, we are pursuing a price strategy in international. It's just more modest of what we're seeing so far. And it’s offset by some of the other laps that we had in the quarter. They are having some impact on how much of that price is coming through, but we should see more price come through in the next three quarters. 
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah, great question. So we – we do - the short answer is, yeah, we do feel good with that additional capacity in place or coming in place for the Weaver acquisition will be very helpful to support the growth of that business for a time to come. And I also like the fact that, we're buying well-maintained state-of-the-art manufacturing facility. What we're not doing that is still much more capital efficient than building from whole cloth.  And so, it is capital efficient to pick up assets this way, as well. So, as we look to the future, I feel good about the capacity that we're going to have installed on both the confection business and the salty business. And that will have an impact on free cash flow as we look to the future. 
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. Some fixed overhead and some transition cost that would be normal. But not a portfolio overhang like you're referencing, Jason. 
Steve Voskuil: Sure, I'll take the last piece first. Just on cocoa and sugar we don't get specific on the duration of our hedging programs. Obviously, for those two commodities we do some hedging. But we don't share the duration. We do expect to see potentially more impact in ‘24 than ‘23. But we'll see how the markets play out.  On pricing and just more generally as we talked about the investor conference, our goal is always have a mix of volume and price. That's part of the balance in our growth formula and as part of that we also want to see margin accretion over time for both sources. And so, confection margins have been strong, but even in the future, across All levers, pricing, including price pack, architecture and mix, and other things, we want to continue to put upward pressure on our margins because that's part of our growth formulas so. 
