David W. Tacka: Well, I think as we go through it, I think our productivity outlook is still consistent with what we've stated. I think as we're looking forward with our sales growth and we're also looking at the leverage we would be getting in our SG&A, and hence making the change.
David W. Tacka: Well, let me start off by addressing the capital. We have had a manufacturing facility, it's a joint venture with Lotte that is in China, and that facility is manufacturing our product for China, as well as for our exports throughout the Asian region. And as we've said, we expect the China business within the next few years to actually grow to our second largest business, and we need additional capacity. So as we're looking at this particular facility, we're looking at having that facility support our overall growth in Asian businesses in the markets outside of China, and that would free up capacity in the existing facility to be able to support our China growth. And also, for certain products for China, it would also be being supported out of this facility. So as we look at the growth expectations that we have in the region, and it is China plus our overall Asian market, we feel it's the appropriate facility and the appropriate location and size to serve our growth needs.
David W. Tacka: Well, kind of 2 things. As we said, we're early in our planning process and so we'll fill out some of the pieces around how much gross margin expansion in that when we talk to you next quarter. But we're far enough along that we're comfortable that we can see the growth rates and that we will be committing to for next year. With respect to the cocoa market, this is a time of the year that's just before harvest and there's a bunch of news that seems to come out every day. I think we'll know a lot more as the cocoa comes to market over the next couple months.
David W. Tacka: Well, I think as we go through and we look at it, the change is primarily driven by how we see the sales and the SM&A expenses and how we get leverage on that. And then beyond that, as we grow, there could be some changes in the tax rate, but that's not the primary driver.
David W. Tacka: From what we've said in the gross margin, we've really not changed our gross margin view, which is the kind of thing that you would be seeing with respect to the international. I mean, our view is consistent still with what you said that we would expect to be driving to a low double-digit in our international markets. But our gross margin is not changing as we've outlined this.
David W. Tacka: Yes. Well, we have expected in our long-term guidance that we would continue to build efficiency in the Asian market, and the Malaysia plant is really just a continuation of what we're expecting to do there.
David W. Tacka: I guess, what I would say, David, is that as we're looking to 2014. As you know, we tend to take a view of the different commodity markets. And depending on those views, we will hedge from 3 to 24 months in advance. And obviously, we've continued to do that as we go forward. And so as we look at 2014, we will be completing that and we'll give you additional guidance and insight on that when we talk to you next quarter.
David W. Tacka: Well, what we've said and how we consistently look at this is we think that we have good growth opportunities, and so with our cash levels, that's how we would intend to deploy it. Some of that will be capital expenditures, and as you noted, the Malaysia plant. In addition to that, we continue to be working toward M&A activity that would fit our strategies and help us support our growth, and that is our primary focus at this point in time with the cash. Next, we did do a 15.5% dividend increase last quarter, and we've talked about our long-term target being about a 50% payout ratio in our dividends. And then beyond that, our next level would be to be looking at some share buybacks, but that's not our priority at the moment.
David W. Tacka: Yes. As part of that -- as it's up and operating in a couple of years, it will have a favorable tax impact.
David W. Tacka: Probably won't do that at the moment. As we get closer to where we can see it, we'll talk about it more.
David W. Tacka: Well actually, the $35 million is for this year in 2013. What we've said is that we -- that there's another $130 million -- or another $120 million to $140 million that will likely be in next year. So that's just clarifying the years. But fundamentally, what's happened with the capital is that we are having additional investment in growth with the volume growth that we've had and with the international growth that we've continued to invest in that, as well as we've had investments that are supporting our productivity programs, and also to continue to focus on enhancing product quality.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think -- I would just also add that we believe there'll be consistent top line growth, and that will reflect itself all the way through the P&L, and this is more representative of where we think our results have both been and where we think they'll be.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that we're pretty optimistic about what we've been able to achieve around innovation. As you know, in our long-term growth algorithm, we've always talked about it being about 1 point. We found ourselves doing pretty consistently better than that. We would hope that, that would continue to be the case. And then, of course, that innovation is across broader geographies than it has been in the past, so I think those things all lead us to -- we just have confidence in raising the long-term EPS guidance.
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. I think the 2 things that I'd point out is Brookside is about 1.2 -- between 1.2 and 1.3 of our growth in 2013. It was less than that in the Q3 just because of the normalizing of that versus the base versus previous year. And then the other thing that we're very excited about is we're introducing things like Brookside 3-ounce, so that will be an instant consumable item, be largely focused on C-stores. But I would anticipate that, that would also be an instant consumable across other channels, certainly on the front end. We have Lancaster in China. Kisses Deluxe is happening in China. Hershey's Drops. Kit Kat Minis continues to be very, very well and we're on, certainly, the front side of that. We have some new things in our sweets and refreshment area around Jolly Rancher Soft Chewy Bites. That's also coming in, like a cup holder pack, which is a new package format for Jolly Rancher. We've got some new executions around Twizzlers. And then the one that I'm personally excited about is our Hershey's spreads product, which we're introducing now, the 13-ounce jar, and that has had great reception. It begins shipping in December, so we'll get the benefit of that in Q4. And then as that goes forward, we will also have another type of instant consumable pack that will go along with that, it's in 2014. So we have a lot of things that we feel really good about. And then there's a whole group of other 2014 products that I haven't included, but I think we've got a really full plate of things that we could do, and I continue to believe our consumer-centric approach to the business makes all of these things, as we like to say, stickier than we've been able to experience in the past. I think we continue to get better at that than we have.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we're not going to, obviously, speculate around any pricing, nor does that makes its way into any of our planning. We continue to have good core brand growth this year. Our expectation is to continue to grow share in 2014 just as we have ahead of the category in '13. And I think that we model that the category grows between 3% to 4%, it's actually grown a bit ahead of that. And I wouldn't be surprised that it's -- we hear in the marketplace, there will be other people who are looking at innovation. I think news in the category is good. And I also wouldn't be surprised if we don't continue to see the overall advertising spend grow in the category. And in an expandable consumption category, that's good for everybody. So frankly, I would not only look forward to that if that happened, but I wouldn't be surprised if it didn't happen. And I think that will continue to underpin the overall health of the category. And don't forget, this is a great category for retailers. They make good money and they have the same vested interest we do in seeing it grow.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Let me build a little bit of that from a commercial perspective. So don't forget that what you're seeing in China today is a relatively limited portfolio. We continue to fan that around our core brands. And to be able to do that, that China manufacturing plant, which today supports exports also in the region, just doesn't have the capacity to do that. So that capacity in China really goes all to China, and we would expect the plant in Malaysia to also help us some there. So one of the things that happened in the quarter is, as we looked at some of our export businesses, we actually pulled some of those exports back, so we didn't supply them out of that China plant and we also didn't have the ability to do that because we don't have the Malaysia plant. So that's a bit in that number. But I think just from a macro level, if you go back and you think about this Brookside being normalized, with 4 months of business in the base in the quarter of previous year, that's 0.5 point. So if you just took the current organic growth and you added that 0.5-point, that's 7.1%. We feel awfully good about that performance. So one, I think in total, Asia, it gives us a lot better opportunity to have the right footprint, it allows us to expand in ways we're not expanding, and it allows us to have a fuller portfolio in China and then continue to build in the balance of the region. But if you put those things back together and you were to look at a 7.1% kind of number, that's certainly a good performance.
John P. Bilbrey: We're not experiencing that. And I think, again, it comes back to the fact that the category is growing really nicely in China. Depending on who you talk about, the category is growing at 12% to 15%. We're growing at 4 to 5x that rate. We continue to activate advertising. We're expanding the cities that we're in. So the size of the overall business there is still such that there's a lot of blocking and tackling that yields a very positive result, and these are accessible indulgences. So we're not going to experience the same kinds of things that industrial manufacturers are, and so forth. So people are participating in the category in an ever-growing rate. I think on the last call, I might have made this comment that you go back 5 or 6 years ago, and the category was about $500 million. Today, it's probably about $1.5 billion. And I'm talking chocolate only now. The sugar and confectionary is significantly bigger than that. So there's nothing about our business in China that I would characterize as slowing.
John P. Bilbrey: I don't have, Eric, on the top of my head that specific question, but you could give Mark a call and we can get into that. But the way to think about it is that we had some export business last year that we felt was less strategic than meeting some of our requirements in our core markets, China in particular. So it was creating some complexity for us that we felt put some other more important strategic business at risk. And so some of that business, consciously, we started making some selections around. So if you think about our export business -- and those are profitable businesses for us, by the way. But the way that we started thinking about it is really prioritizing where around the world do we believe we ultimately will plant flag, and then some of the other businesses, we made some choices around, just to make sure that we could meet the requirements within our supply chains. But Mark can give you a very specific answer around that.
John P. Bilbrey: I didn't quantify it, but as we thought -- as we have looked at our overall guidance of being around 7%, certainly, those are included. And we have a number of things, as -- I had a fairly lengthy list earlier, things that are happening in the fourth quarter. But certainly, amongst the largest of that is Hershey's spreads, which begins shipping late November, early December.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that, we, over the last couple of years, have gotten greater penetration in terms of just total stores covered. I think that continues to be an opportunity for us. And then I think as we look at SKU productivity and we look at being able to get things like Brookside into an instant consumable package, Jolly Rancher getting into what would be thought of as a car cup-type pack, Twizzlers, which has largely been, as an example, a lay-down pack. We've also got some of those, what we call chews, and so forth, that come in a package that hasn't been available in the C-store channel historically. So I think packaging will play a role for us in that channel that leads us optimistic. And then I think our coverage and the way we merchandise in the channel continues to be a big opportunity for us. And then I just think in terms of macro consumer trends, we continue to -- our category continues to stay on the menu of consumers. So even as the format of convenience changes, I think for us, the environment continues to be very, very positive. So I wouldn't expect any kinds of disruption, which allows me to be optimistic about the other things that I just talked about.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. In the long-term targets, John, that we talked about last year, I mean, we hinted to needing that facility anyway. So I mean it was already built into that 2017 target.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think, David, if you look at -- if you really dig into the data over the last several periods, one of the things you would see is that some of the price -- some of the pricing information would look as though there's greater price realization, and what's happening is it's all coming -- a lot of that is coming out of mix. So the price per pound on some of the new things that we're introducing versus the average of what our line would've looked like, let's say, over the last couple of years, we're really benefiting from that. So even as we dig into the data, we're looking at some things that we're very pleased with we have -- of what the mix impact is. And then the other thing that just continues to hold true for us, and it's really a benefit in retail, but in terms of the percent products sold right off the shelf at full revenue, we continue to see that trend higher rather than lower. So you can read a couple of things into that, trade promotion is more efficient and advertising is certainly working. So those are all very positive things that are going on in the category, and I think that this is one of the benefits of what I would describe, as a more consumer-centric approach across the overall category, certainly, for our brands. But it's making the innovation better, it's filling white space, it's bringing people to the category, and then that is a higher order of mix impact.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, if I think that I go back to the comment I mentioned earlier, we would have a sense that there's going to continue to be innovation in the category. Some of that, our competitors have announced some things that they are doing. And I would also continue to believe that there'll be investments in more communication with the consumer around advertising, digital, et cetera. So I think it will continue -- for me, it never feels like it's not competitive. But I would expect that the category continues to behave in a rational way and people invest in their brands. And as I said, in an expandable consumption category, that's always a good thing.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, as you might expect, we'll continue to show up every day and execute the best we possibly can against the brands we have. And this wouldn't be the first time that a product similar to what's being introduced has been introduced in the market. But as I said before, competition is a good thing. News within the category is a good thing. And we'll all have to show up and do the best we can. I know that's what we're going to do.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, Alexia. We continue to be active and looking at what we think are opportunities that give us the capabilities to accelerate the growth of our business. Things that seem to give us either manufacturing, distribution, brand, certainly. All are things that we look at. As you know, while there's a number of the companies, they're not all for sale, but we're certainly active in thinking through and assessing what we think might be good for the Hershey Company. The good news is that on a parallel path to that, we have plans that we believe will enable us to continue to grow and we really have to be able to -- we have to have the capacity that this Malaysia plant gives us the flexibility to grow in the region and also develop new markets, as well as meet the demands of our China business. So you should just take all of these things as reflective of our optimism around our future.
Eric R. Katzman: That's fine. And then you noted some pipeline fill in the fourth quarter. Did you quantify that? Did I miss that, like either what...
Eric R. Katzman: Okay. And then just, I think going back to Bryan's question, I think it's -- for a company to change their long-term targets, it's a pretty big deal, and so I want to dig into it a little bit more. First off, is there any changes in your long-term assumptions around nonoperating items? So as you get international, are you now assuming the tax rate can come down? Is the balance sheet maybe being used a bit more aggressively to repurchase shares? Maybe that's the first question.
Eric R. Katzman: And then at CAGNY, I think you had actually lowered a bit your expectations for margins coming out in the international EM businesses from a mid-teens target to low double digits, and this would seem to kind of reverse that. At the same time, I think as Matt pointed out, that cocoa seems to be now moving up. So I'm a little unclear as to kind of if -- unless you've reversed that, I mean what -- I don't really understand what is the new driver of the higher-margin expectation.
