Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Dave Tacka, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2013 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2014 third quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $13.8 million or $0.05 per share diluted related to a noncash trade impairment charge cost associated with Project Next Century, a net gain related to the Shanghai Golden Monkey transaction and non-service-related pension income. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes. Andrew, before J.P. jumps in, I don't know if you're looking at Q2 or year-to-date, but Q2 certainly would've been impacted by the late Easter.
Mark K. Pogharian: All right. Thank you for joining us for today's conference call and the Investor Relations group will be available for any follow-up calls you may have.
David W. Tacka: Okay. Well, Bryan, I'll start with that. When we look at the gross margin and the issues for this year, the biggest issue really wound up being around our commodities and the dairy costs and we've really addressed that with our pricing action that we've taken. In addition, we did, here in this quarter, have some additional issues around some obsolescence things and we'll be able to fix those. I mean, essentially, we didn't adjust to some of our production schedules as quickly as we probably should have in light of how the sales were changing. So fundamentally, overall, we continue to be on track with our productivity initiatives, and so we expect that we'll be able to continue to improve gross margin in 2015 and stay true to our business model where the margin will also increase enough to be able to be increasing our advertising faster than our sales growth next year, which is part of our plan to support the price increase.
David W. Tacka: Yes, I think as you think about 2015, what I tried to point out in the comments is that we're doing some product line changes in India that have about 40 basis points headwind into the sales growth. So I think overall, in organic, without that, we would still expect to be in about that 5% to 7% range. And so I think for next year, what we're looking at is we're looking at price to be about 6.5%, and we're probably -- depending on how the sell-through and the conversions go, we would expect to have volume declines against that of somewhere from 0% to 2%. And of course, we would be being helped with that with some of the innovation and with the advertising and the other things that we would be typically doing to respond to the price increase.
David W. Tacka: What -- we have to do impairment tests on our intangibles each year and this is particularly related to the Mauna Loa macadamia nut brand.
David W. Tacka: Well, I think where we're at, Eric, is our goal continues to be to get to the 10% level in international. And as things sit in 2014, our biggest issue was really around the commodities and then some other costs that sat in the gross margin that I talked about earlier. I think we've taken steps to get those into line. With respect to the international growth, our China business continues to do very well. You're right, we're a little bit behind where we were tracking as we wanted to do that with respect to India and Latin America. So we may be a little bit later depending on the levels of investment that we continue to make and how we're able to kind of work through those couple of markets. But overall, I don't see any of those as being big risks to the overall corporate targets that we expect to hit in 2017.
David W. Tacka: Well, I guess, I don't want to really get into our specific view of individual market -- of individual commodities, but what I would say is we've taken our best shot at what we believe the market would do. And also, I alluded a bit earlier in the inventory discussion that we have taken on a little bit of additional inventory and some of that is also to help us with our dairy cost visibility for next year. So we think we've taken our best shot at where we're at, but you're right, there'll be an element of risk to that as we go through 2015.
David W. Tacka: Well, I mean, I think that our productivity efforts -- our goal is to try to be getting as much out of them as we're able to. So to hold a little bit in reserve in case we miss the commodity guesses or the commodity forecasts probably isn't how we would really like to operate. We certainly push forward and we certainly did, in 2014, put additional focus into productivity. We've put additional focus into SG&A discipline, and we also took a closer look at our DME. So I mean, I think we did that across the P&L, but the amounts that we had were just more than we could reasonably deal with this year.
David W. Tacka: Well, in terms of if you look at it strictly within gross margin, it's going to be about in line with what we were looking at on a long-term basis. But it actually hurt a bit because of the volume changes, that we weren't able to get quite the level of benefit from some of the productivity things we were implementing. And then similarly, some of the shipping patterns and that around the price increase also had some adverse impacts.
David W. Tacka: David, what I would add is as we look at '15 versus '14 gross margin, yes, I think we had some issues in '14 and really the persistent dairy cost and not adjusting quickly enough to some of the volume changes put some costs in there that I think we've taken steps to address. So I think we're rightly positioned for 2015.
David W. Tacka: Yes, I mean, I think the -- excluding the Shanghai Golden Monkey, the fourth quarter growth that's implied is around the 4%. And so within that, we are expecting about 5% of price.
David W. Tacka: Well, I think what we've said is in the fourth quarter, given the export and some of the softness in the food channel, that, that's kind of the thing that's been taking down the -- it is the reason that we took down the full year guidance.
David W. Tacka: Well, yes, I think there's probably 2 things as you go through that. First, as we started on this, there was -- there's some adjustments between sort of how they keep their accounting in U.S. GAAP that had a little bit of impact in terms of where the sales were. But then in addition to that, just as we're basically working to be generating the synergies and actually take over the business, there's just some changes in the business that caused us to just want to make sure we're being cautious in terms of how we're defining how we get started. Because in terms of working with the distributors and how we're working with what products will be sold in what channel, what of our stuff is going to be through Golden Monkey's channels and what of theirs through ours.
David W. Tacka: Well, with respect to the first, our -- the guidance, as we're talking about it, reflects the shift between the third and the fourth quarter. So that's really reflected in terms of what we're talking about going forward. And then secondly, with respect to FX, we're probably looking at about a half, 50 basis points for the full year, and it's pretty much in line with what we had forecast. We forecasted it to be heavier in the first half and lighter in the second half.
John P. Bilbrey: Bryan, I would just add to what Dave said that I think one of the learnings we have from this year is really around how we executed by channel and some of the specificity of what we were seeing in channel. So I think from -- if I were able to change one thing this year, would really be around our quality merch on a channel-specific basis. So we're going to be doing more precision marketing as we go forward. And what you saw in the third quarter is the place is based on planning cycles where we were able to do that as we knew we were going to sequentially improve through the year in North America. We saw good results from doing that. So I think you'll see us ensuring that we're getting the right merchandising levels by channel to be able to win in the marketplace.
John P. Bilbrey: No, I think the things that are in our control, we will be doing what I hope to be a better job of making sure that we've got the right support by channel to continue to win share, which we're doing that. I think there's caution globally around just the consumer environment in general. So there's probably some of that in our thinking, but I think we'll be executing very aggressively.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that what you would see is that we'll continue to probably spend in a range of, call it, 2x sales growth. If you remember, when we were growing advertising in the previous price increase, it was off of a very low base. As you point out, we feel as though, at our current level of spending, we're probably at the right level to support the brand. So we always model these at about a 1:1 ratio. That's how we've modeled this one. We've done better in some of these, but that's how we model it and that's how we build it into our plan.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think we're very pleased with the results we got in both 3Q in C-stores. We saw it in Mass and a couple of other channels where we were able to increase our quality merch. We got really good results. The planning cycles there and our ability to respond are shorter than some of the other channels. So if we go back and analyze the first half of the year and some of the areas where, frankly, we -- you could say we got beat or we didn't merchandise at the levels we thought we should, we didn't get the results we wanted. And so we're really correcting for that and we felt really good about the results we were able to get. And so we're building that into our plans going forward. And then of course, as you know, in the first half, we weren't as chocolate-driven as we are in the second half and that's made a difference as well.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think one way to think about it is we see package innovation that can support occasions as a really important insight. So I think what you'll see from us is that we have a number of package innovations that we're testing and looking at that we -- we're pretty excited about. So yes, the pouches have been successful for us. It gets good price realization on the sizes, and it gets us into some places we haven't been, and we're going to continue to pursue some of those innovations.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, if I look at 3Q, I think what we're saying for CMG was up about 1.6 points. If you look at us, we were up about 3.3 points. So I think that...
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, yes, that's what I was talking -- yes, that's what I'm referring to there. If you look at chocolate in particular, it was about 2 to 3 for the category, we were at about 3. So again, I think one of the key differences for us was really around the acceleration of merchandising and winning in the store every day. We had a bit of a different lag in the food channel and a lot of that was that we didn't -- we weren't able to get into the planning to be able to get the kind of incremental coverage and merchandising that we did in the other channels. So I think that was a key difference. There was a difference in trips and so on, some of the everyday items. One of the things that we're observing is as you look at advertising effectiveness when you have trips that decline, that instant consumable piece of your business also doesn't have the same effectiveness as it would before. So it's really important for us to be able to get the right merchandising to get those brands to be responsive as well. So I think all of those things are happening. I think on the good news side, for snacking in general, there's elements of that in total, which I think continues to do very well. Consumers continue to eat on the go. They're looking for different alternatives there. So we continue to be very optimistic from that standpoint. I think our view is that we just have to execute well on a by-channel basis, maybe better more so than we have -- did in the first half.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, to talk about gas prices, we tend not to try to allow fuel costs get into our forecast, if -- we've seen a lot of different things happen over the years. When fuel prices were really high, sometimes you saw that the consumer put half a tank of gas in and they still went inside the store, and in some instances, we benefited from that. With gas prices being lower, you could say that we benefit because people aren't spending as much at the pump and they're going inside. So we actually don't try to derive too much from the cost of fuel. We really look at what's happening from traffic. So I think you continue to have a bifurcation of the consumer. I think the people at the top, if you will, are experiencing what I would call more normal kinds of times and habits and then I think you have folks that have kind of adjusted to their circumstances. So they may not necessarily have the job they want but they have one but yet they recognize this is how things are going to be and they've adjusted for that. So you see promotion effectiveness being lower from a price standpoint because people don't necessarily always have the cash to buy forward and take advantage of that or they believe something will be on sale at some point in time. So a lot of the things you've heard discussed in the CPG space, we certainly see as well. The big thing for us is really being in front of the consumer, making sure our instant consumable piece of the business is working hard for us. Consumers have costs that they didn't have before. The good news is health care is available but yet that's a cost maybe some people didn't have before. We all saw the impact of SNAP and we've also seen fewer trips, but yet, the good news is basket size seems to be holding up, and in some cases, growing. So I think we're just going to have to continue to work our way through here. So I'm not sure we have a lot of new insights to add, but we're certainly seeing a lot of things we're hearing our peers talk about as well.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes -- no, David, I'm optimistic about our business model. I don't think there's anything fundamentally wrong. Obviously, we learn. We have to adapt. You can't do the same thing forever and expect to continue to win. But I think the visibility we have on our brands, the things we're working with retailers, I feel good about. Even though we've talked about the export markets, look, those are prudent business decisions. I mean, we could have pushed into some of those businesses, but you put at risk what your results will be then following from that. So I think we're being wise and prudent around some of those things we can't see around the corner well on. But the things that are within our control, I think we have good plans. I think we've got a ton of runway and our strategies were, I'll call it, doubling down on China, if you will, in terms of what we think is possible there. So I feel good about things. And I think that we want to give ourselves some space here that we don't have surprises. We've got good visibility, I think, as best we can in terms of commodities. I'm glad to see that milk prices have -- dairy has softened some here. But I don't know if that's short term, long term, but we'll sure take it while we've got it. And from a cocoa standpoint, we've had a little bit of easing there. So there's some of the things on the cost side are good. We're rigorously looking at our operations all the time in terms of where we can find productivity and yet we continue to -- we're at a historic point in time for the company where we're investing in our future. So I'm not going to be overly concerned with a quarter that we may not be hitting our long-term aspirations but, boy, I believe that we're in a very good place in terms of the company's long-term outlook and potential, and we're going to continue to execute against that.
Andrew Lazar: Just as we think out to 2015, a key part, obviously, of your sales growth will be a category returning back to that sort of historic 3% to 4% level that you mentioned in the prepared remarks. In the third quarter, I guess, the CMG category seemed, from your numbers, to decelerate sequentially, even when you exclude the gum portion. And that was with, I think, some incremental activity in innovation and whatnot that you brought to the market in the third quarter. I'm just trying to get a sense, what drove that? And obviously, what bends the trend, as you see it, to get back to a 3% to 4% category growth rate next year? And then I've just got a follow-up.
Andrew Lazar: Right. I think I was comparing 3Q versus the first half that you talked about on your second quarter conference call. The overall category sequentially decelerated in the third quarter from the first half level.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then one last one. It looks like, at least by my quick math, you need about 100 basis points of gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter to hit the down 75 basis point gross margin look for the year. Is that just a combination of a little bit of the pricing kicking in and lapping some of the higher sort of incremental costs from last year? And is that...
