Michele Buck: Yes. So, John, thanks for the question, it’s Michele. I would say two things relative to Q4. First of all, our biggest shortfall in Q2 – in Q4 was really around our grocery and snacks business. So we saw a lot of competitive activity, both in baking and as well in spreads. And I would say on spreads to some degree, we’ve really learned our way to where we will win in that category, where we’ll focus. We’re doing well in jars and we’ve seen some price value issues in the instant consumables. And then I would say the other pieces when it comes to CMG, we gained share in the season, so we had solid growth. But we didn’t gain as much as we anticipated, because frankly, we saw more competitive activity during the marketplace, and we have adjusted our plans coming into the year, this year to really dial up to be even more competitive to regain that share momentum.
Michele Buck: No, I would just go back to the comment I made about some increased competitive trade dollars to get merchandising during the seasons and we’ve adjusted that in terms of our offerings going forward.
Michele Buck: 500 selected kind of retail environment test. But Cadbury is a broader offering since it plays in mass premium.
Michele Buck: The other thing I would just add to that, I think it is important to note some of the trade spending will go into promoted price points, but some of that will also be investment to really get spaced in other ways.
Michele Buck: I mean, we typically don’t talk about inflation, the inflation as a percent looking forward, we’ll always tell you what it is. When we report for various competitive reasons, we don’t want to get into that level of specificity right now. But we do have net inflation this year.
Michele Buck: Yes, I think, so I think we’ve been fairly clear in terms of how we’ve talked about the confectionary environment. If I go beyond broader snacks, the comment I would make specifically to meat snacks is that in the premium segment that we compete, the meat snacks business continues to be up about 25%, overall meat has slowed a bit in terms of growth, and of course a core part of our focus is to continue to build distribution around the Krave business and then also you’ll us introducing some extended items to the current line that we have as we built out that distribution. So from that standpoint, I don’t think it’s a significant, difference is probably a positive for us. If you think about broader snacking, I think I said on a previous call that as you look over the last 18 to 24 months, there’s about 80 SKUs, which have been added in that segment. And therefore, it’s more fragmented it has before gives the consumer different alternatives for trial. And therefore, we’ve seen some competitiveness and a little bit of a competitive pressure from there. But I think, again, it comes back to making sure in each segment that we compete that we’re winning merchandising and display, as we talked about earlier. But those would be a couple of things that I think are part of the existing landscape that we face.
Michele Buck: Yes, so the – that – it was the non-working kind of production costs that actually we just had some timing shifts on. And then relative to impact on the business, we felt good about our every day takeaway in Q4. So while we don’t have all of the analytics back on the spend based on what we know to-date, we feel pretty good about it. And one other thing I would just point out is, as you look at the takeaway as we’ve launched Snack Mix and Snack Bites, which is key innovation on our core brand. It’s actually the Snack Mix piece is rolling into the salty snack category and not CMG. So, as you look at every day takeaway just keep that in mind.
Michele Buck: Great. Thanks for the question. We really like where we sit right now on a leverage basis is something that we go back and pressure test every year. And one of the benefits that it gives us is that, it gives us a lot of capacity to do something incremental. It’s something big and attractive and incremental came along in the category. We would be very open to it, I don’t think that our leverage would be a constrained in that situation. But as we sit here today with opportunities in front of us, we feel very good about where we are.
Patricia Little: There absolutely is more trade promotion and more trade investment. And as we look to this year, you will see us investing more in trade. There are more snack options out there, so there’s more competition. As you know, there are some retailers who are going to cleaner floor policies and so there is a little bit less space and more competition for it, so.
Patricia Little: And specifically on snacking we’ve looked to have that at between 0.5 point and a point off of the CMG.
Patricia Little: No, it doesn’t. So first just to be completely technical, we haven’t yet closed the rest of the Golden Monkey, and it’s been a 100% consolidated from day one.
Patricia Little: Alexia, I would just add to that. We also know chocolate is really a destination for the seasons, during the seasonal periods, and that will continue. So I think, we kind of think about it, that’s a solid foundation and base that consumers are looking for chocolate in particular around those times, in addition to all the other comments J.P. made about how we’re seeing the year.
Patricia Little: That is not something that we layout an exact timetable on. But clearly, we are not going to be back to those 2014 levels in 2016.
Patricia Little: Yes, I think that we – clearly, it was a tough year in China overall and it was this combination of macroeconomic forces in China that we’re not alone in experiencing, as well as the added complexity of an integration that didn’t – an acquisition and acquisition that frankly didn’t go the way we wanted. We certainly can start to see our way moving through those two aspects. And while I think the macroeconomic environment in China is not something I’d ever want to predict. Some of this is in our control, as we start to bring the businesses together and understand what we have in terms of brands, in terms of supply footprint, in terms of channels, in terms of distribution. And that’s where we are going to be focused on the things that we can control.
John Bilbrey: One of the things, John, you would have seen over the course of the year, if you just look at CMG pricing relatively modest as we got into the fourth quarter, you could see a bit of lower pricing versus some of our average pricing as well and we believe that may have had an impact on some of our business.
John Bilbrey: So for clarification, we would not have had M&A in any of our previous guidance, nor would it be in the current algorithm. The way you think about it broadly without breaking out the Krave pieces of the business, which are – some of those is relatively small. You should really be looking at three to four in North America, one in international. So if you think about this year, it certainly falls within that range. But I think as you saw in our comment, we talked about 2.5% to 3% and a point. So I think that’s a good way to think about it in terms of 2016.
John Bilbrey: So if you look at both of those on a volume basis, if you look at all of our seasons over the course of the year, we were up about 3.7% on a volume basis. If you look at Halloween, it was about, I think about 7.5, and it was about half that I think it was 3 point, so 3 something on holiday. But it’s about a 0.25 point in terms of share, which is below what we would have set our targets. But we did gain share in both of those at a modest level, but we did gain share.
John Bilbrey: And also we’d be introducing a Cadbury item as well that Cad – the couple of those would be think – you think about those as mass premium and then Scharffen Berger would obviously be in super premium.
John Bilbrey: Well, I think that we would see Chocolate by itself being somewhere between 2 and 2.5, it’s a fairly broad range. I think, Alexia, what we think about in our 2016 plan is, we’re going to have a strong focus on our core brands and then we also think there’s an opportunity for us as we’ve looked at quality merge over 2015, that innovation plays an important role and being able to get that incremental quality merged even and be competitive. So we’re also very focused on that. So, I think what we’ll see is as long as there is a strong focus against big core brands and then we can achieve good quality merge against our innovation activity, that becomes the incremental activity that makes us competitive, not only within chocolate specifically, as you asked, but it also makes us competitive against any potential trial at least you’ll get from competitive brands, so…
John Bilbrey: Well, I think what you’re going to see in total is that, it will be a more of competitive environment and that you’ll see a greater trade spin in 2016 than you would have seen in 2015, which could lead to some lower net prices. And so obviously that makes – that obviously has a mix effect in terms of the P&L.
John Bilbrey: Yes, because, Jason, Michelle’s last point it’s pretty important, with more snacks, we’ve all seen them coming on over the last few years, I don’t think that will abate. Everybody is trying to get to the perimeter of the store. So that’s based – it’s not expanding anymore let’s face it. It’s just very competitive to get.
John Bilbrey: Yes. So I think if you think about your first question around gross margin, we’ll always defend our brands and we’ll be brand building consumer centric company and invest in our brands. But I would tell you that it’s not a change in philosophy. We continue to be a gross margin focused company. And there maybe years of periods of time when you have to change the way you get there. But we’ll always have the gross margin at the top of our list and again there can always be a mix effect of how you get there. I’m not going to speculate around any kinds of comments from partnerships and things like that. We continue to look for ways to grow and build our business and things that are good for our shareholders. And so, we’re continuously looking at our strategic options in terms of how we build our business. And so that would be the only comment that I would make.
John Bilbrey: Yes. There is a couple of things that I would say and maybe Patricia and I both talk about this a little bit. But if you look at the total international business about 80% of the impact of that business really occurred in China. And so we know that that was a very unique event. About another 10% of that was really India in the oils business and then, of course, you have the impact of the FX. And then in a local currency basis, of course, you had both Brazil and Mexico, which were positive contributors albeit modestly. So that’s a little bit of where you see us come out. Also and I mentioned this a bit earlier, as we look at our different opportunities, I think what you’ll see us is moderate our pace and approach to where we think we could best allocate capital and still be consistent with our long-term investments and strategies. And so, that also has an influence, I think, and I think it’s quite pragmatic actually to go to where you think the ball was going to be. So those are a couple of comments that I would make. I don’t know Patricia has anything or perspective that she want to add to that.
John Bilbrey: Well, first of all a comment I would make is that if you look at the numbers part of what you have to recognize there is GRPs were actually up in the fourth quarter. And some of our actually administrative costs and non-working costs were actually what was lower. So the brand investment actually in terms of eyeballs on brands and attention to brands was up. And so as you parse through the numbers, that’s an important piece to understand. Michele may have a point that you were talking about effectiveness or anything beyond that. But it’s important that you understand that as you look at the absolute numbers.
John Bilbrey: Yes, I’ll make a couple of comments. So if you look at what the overall category trends and I’ll kind of give you where we were. If you look at the chocolate category, it was up. We were up pretty consistent with the category. If you look at non-chocolate, we actually lagged to the category and then if you look at gum and also mint, we would have outperformed the category on those segments. We have deemphasized a little bit the level of activity that we had in some of our sweets business. And so that’s certainly showing up in the business one brand in particular was a great brand. But if we just look at the absolute programming we had on a brand like TWIZZLERS, it is a little bit lower and that ended up showing up some in the overall business. If you look at the sweets business and some of the channels where it does well, you can also follow that with call it income cohorts. And one of the things that we’re doing in 2016 is using our Allen Candy acquisition to leverage our portfolio there on pegged bags and where in select places where we think that can really benefit us. So we did see within that segment an opportunity and we’re going to try to leverage that as well. And then some of our competitors also had the emphasis on some of those brands, which also would have had an influence on our performance as well.
John Bilbrey: Yes. I think SOFIT is test and learn. It’s a brand out of India. It’s soy protein and it’s part of our efforts to learn about the protein segment plant-based. And so you’re seeing it more – from a test and learn standpoint, we’re going to be able to make that in the U.S. versus obviously try to ship it from India. So, as you know with beverages and so forth closed on is always a good idea. But it’s a brand, we think is very interesting. But it’s really about us having a learning approach.
