Michele G. Buck: Thank you, Patricia. Our brands are loved by consumers. And next year, we will celebrate our 125th anniversary. Each of us at Hershey are extremely proud that we can share a little goodness into the lives of our consumers. It's one of the things that makes Hershey so special. With our success comes opportunity and responsibility that we take to heart. Our consumers and customers can feel good knowing that as we focus on winning in the marketplace, we are doing so in a way that positively impacts our people and our planet. Our investors can feel good knowing that this makes us a stronger business over the long term. We are focused on delivering the back half of the year, but our top priority remains on long-term value creation. We are making meaningful progress in transforming our domestic and international businesses and our multi-year strategic plan will continue to guide our investment decisions. The rapidly changing retail environment is driven by the consumer and we will continue to drive our business forward by focusing on core brand growth and portfolio expansion, retaining and attracting the best talent to build the capabilities needed to delight our consumers, winning across the total commerce landscape and operating our businesses efficiently and effectively. Patricia, Melissa and I are now available to take any of your questions.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. Andrew, so I will start with, as you know, we said that we expected the first half to be our softer half and second half to be stronger. Certainly, as we look at Q2, we did see retail takeaway a little softer and that was partially offset by strength above what we anticipated in non-measured channels as the consumer continues to be fluid relative to where they're purchasing products. And that's very important for us to focus on. I would say that the real impact from SKU rationalization is really going to go much more forward versus Q2. So, we really just kicked the program off in the middle – first part of the year. And so, we're going to see more of that impact come later. I guess, as you think about takeaway for the year, what I would say is, as we look to the back half, the key levers that really are going to accelerate growth are, first of all, seasons, which you know is about a third of our business. We have strong visibility into seasonal orders, as you know, because customers commit way in advance and we produce in advance and we have very strong commitments on the season, both Halloween and Holiday. Secondly, we have also visibility to customer resets in the fall. And we know, through our partnership with retailers, we have a real a focus on making the shelf as productive as possible and that will lead to some distribution gains for us in the back half of the year. We also have the launch of Reese's Outrageous! which really just began in June, but it really accelerates and we gain full distribution in the second half of the year. So, our instant consumable innovation lap, it's much stronger what we have in place this year than prior year. And I'd say those are some of the biggest factors.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. Remember, I guess, I would say, in our category, as you know, one of the most important things to generate from our trade is merchandising. So, we continuously balance how much goes into price. And as Patricia mentioned, there was a relatively smaller amount that really showed up as a retail price decline.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. I mean we feel good about what – the profit that we're delivering on the business and it is actually ahead of our expectations. So, we are feeling good that we're over delivering on our acquisition model on the top and bottom line. And so, it's having an impact in line with what we had shared with you earlier relative to, if you look at EPS accretion, we are in line with the range that we had provided and are seeing strong profitability. In fact, the team has been focused on really very strong discipline about leveraging the value of that brand and actually spent some time this year eliminating non-productive promotions to further focus on profitable growth. But really if you look overall, the gross margin impact of that business on our total North America business, just given the size of it, is pretty minimal.
Michele G. Buck: I really could only speculate on that. So, at this point in time, I really don't know. I'm not sure what their plans will be there. That really rests in their hands.
Michele G. Buck: Well, we always look at where our pricing is. And in some parts of the portfolio, there's a lot of similarity in our portfolio and competitive portfolios. In some parts of our portfolio, there's not. So, we've continued to do a very detailed analytic price elasticity models and evaluate all the learnings across, but we can't really share the specifics behind that.
Michele G. Buck: Sure. So, we feel very good about the profitable growth that we are deriving and how we've reset the markets. And we also see continued opportunity going forward. So, I think without getting into tremendous specificity, I think it would be fair to say that we believe low-double-digit margins will be possible – could be possible going forward. And I think that's a good way to think about it.
Michele G. Buck: I'm not sure that I'm in a position to really comment on others' pricing actions in the marketplace. I think I'd prefer to stay away from that and I'm not sure honestly that I have full knowledge of what others have done, given the actions have been relatively recent.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. We remain committed, as we laid out in our strategy in March of 2017, that M&A is a critical pillar of growth. We see that as an opportunity to capture more snacking occasions, given our strengths and core capabilities in the area of snacking. And so, I would say, we continue to be committed and you can look at our activity and see that we're taking action probably at an increasing rate versus perhaps where we were in the past, at least relative to size and scale of assets. I would say that probably the biggest thing influencing our actions is, I think that we have learned a lot and are applying a lot of lessons from past acquisitions. And so, we have perhaps even tighter screening criteria that allow us, I believe, to move more dynamically to capture opportunity.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. I would say that the chocolate category and the confection category overall continue to be a category that's very important to pretty much all of our retail base, because it is a category with pretty high profitability and it has produced well for retailers over time. So, certainly, in terms of the level of priority and shelf space, that does vary a bit by different classes of trade and different retailers, depending on their strategies. But overall, I would tell you that we have continued to work with key retailers, some of whom are looking to expand space in the category as they look at other categories in their box and say how do they best master the space allocation. And if you just look at category growth across all categories in store, you know that confection continues to grow faster than many. So, there certainly are many that are looking at that. And then, as we know, there are a couple who have strategies that head in a different direction, and so they probably aren't prioritizing it, but I would say, overall, we continue to feel good about the role of this category and how retailers are viewing it as very important.
Michele G. Buck: So, I can tell you that some of the specific price increases were primarily in the Take Home Packs. And I think that's about as much detail as I want to go into on that. And then, relative to investments in packaging, that's really about the refresh to create strong impactful packaging graphics and structure at retail to capture shelf impact. And that's one of the areas where we look at the total value proposition to the consumer and really try and optimize that value proposition. And that's part of what you see in our broad pricing action.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. So, it's across the board. There are multiple components. A piece of that is retail-ready packaging. A piece of that is a change in the structure of our laydown bags to be standing up and to have more of an impact from that perspective. So, it makes them easier for consumers to use, allows for much greater shelf impact. And as always, when we look at adding value to consumers, we always look at making sure that we're aligning the price value and getting price realization as we invest more in some of our packaging.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. So, as you look at e-commerce as a channel, we won a bigger business in e-commerce and on the other hand, we're somewhat fortunate that food and especially condition distribution has been a little bit slower than some other categories. So, we've been able to capture some of the learning that those categories have experienced in terms of really thinking about the packs that we want to sell the price points and what the portfolio looks like in that channel. And I think that is helpful to us as we look at continuing to drive margins. And as we look at the investment in e-commerce, we have really had programs underway to look at how we want to reallocate our resources strategically across the portfolio. So, if you look at the increase in profitability that we have in international, that was a choice to improve profitability to be able to fund some of our other critical strategic initiatives. So, that freed up money. We had a major initiative to reorganize internally to drive even greater commercial value. We took dollars out of SG&A on our corporate functions. And that's another source of funds that we could reallocate. So, what we've tried to do is prioritize all commercial value, which is really bricks-and-mortar and e-commerce as users of funds and then, some of those other areas that I spoke to as sources of funds.
Michele G. Buck: So, as we think about the international business, our goal is on driving profitable growth. And as we've talked a little bit about our strategy in the past, we have an algorithm that basically says we want to get about 0.5 point of profitable growth from the international business and I think there is a possibility that could go up a bit over time. Canada and Mexico, our scale markets, where we have scale positions, strong businesses that kind of fit one role in the portfolio. And then, as we mentioned, export is highly profitable business. So, we'll continue to run that to leverage our brands in key markets. And then, we're placing some bets when you look at China and India in particular on the huge growth that's going to incur in the future and is occurring in those markets and really focused on building sustainable business models. And pending the outcome of that, we'll determine how much more investment we put there, but I think it's clear that we feel good that those businesses have gotten to a point where their profitability is very good. And we'll continue to make choices as we see the success on individual bets in those markets.
Michele G. Buck: I'd say right now that is not our focus for M&A activity. Our focus is in the U.S. market. So, I feel very good about – we have enough scale in Canada and Mexico. And I think that we're making really good progress on our own in China and India, not ruling out any potential strategic partnership going forward, but feeling good about our focus on The Hershey brand, on a higher margin portfolio and local talent, doing all the right things to accelerate our business. And I think we've got good success or good proof points that in the past when we've stuck with that, it has worked for us pretty well.
Patricia A. Little: Yes. So, the biggest reason for the changes in receivables was clearly the Amplify acquisition as we acquired their receivables. So, that drove that increase. As we look overall to inventories at retail levels, it's always a changing environment. We have some customers where our inventories are up. We have some customers where our inventories are down. Those that are up are focused really on service levels. I think, especially in this tight freight environment, the focus is making sure that they have enough safety stock to get products on shelf in this environment. And there was some inventory out where there was consolidation. And besides that, what we saw was sort of the normal patterns of inventory shifting that you'd expect from seasons and promotions similar to what we had last year.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. So, some of it, Alexia, is just frankly lapping the fact that we saw the inflation really start to bite last year at this time especially and I think this was well covered in our call as well as frankly other people around some of the freight inflationary pressures that we had as well as some of the things that we highlighted in our call around the cost of complexity, some of the logistical costs that that drives. So, as we're lapping those, that's a big reason that we see those sequential improvements year-over-year. But beyond that and I think more foundationally, we're really tackling the root causes of a lot of the impacts of what was driving that inflation. So, really working hard on freight optimization, making sure that we're trying to avoid buying in the spot market, we contract our freight in advance and then really pushing hard on complexity, both from what we've talked about before with our SKU rationalization, but getting at some of the even deeper root causes of planning better, which is something we mentioned on this call, using some of our analytics tool. If we can plan it on a more granular level, it avoids some of those costs. So, those are things we're working on. And then, the third benefit that we really see driving that year-over-year improvement in the very back of the year is a strong improvement in international, which continues, as Michele, I think, really highlighted in her remarks, to drive to a profitable growth (33:18) margin.
Patricia A. Little: The only thing I wanted to add on the SKU rationalization is, as you'd expect, the first things that we take out are frankly SKUs with very small volume. So, they're not the ones that you see a big impact of and we also focused a lot on merch units, which, again, you don't see coming through in the scanner data.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. I guess if I take it in some buckets, we're seeing a standard inflation that we always see going through on wages and benefits that again, what I think, is industry-wide throughout the country. Second, the freight inflation is hitting us and we do see that impact as well. Again, I think, that's industry-wide. In fact, I think, our guys have done a really good job of managing that, frankly better than probably the industry. In terms of commodities inflation, I think it's a constantly changing landscape out there. It's not a huge driver for us this year. We have seen some volatility in some of our input costs, like cocoa, but, frankly, we think our hedging program really does a great job of smoothing some of the very short-term swings that we see there. So, those are things that I would say everybody in the industry is seeing, wage, freight, whatever their commodities piece is. And then, you're right, we do have some impacts that are specific to us. I think the ones that I would call out are some of the inflations that we see as just being driven from some of this complexity that we've talked about, which drives some internal logistics costs as well as the packaging, which we have talked a lot about over the last several quarters. And we think that that investment that we've made in more expensive packaging though will really deliver, especially going forward, a better value proposition and impression on shelf to our consumer.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. So, as we shared before, we have been shifting some dollars into trade this year to support some incremental in-store activity. And then, I think, it's also important to say that there are a number of things going on in our trade line. Some of it did show through on the scanner to the consumer, but it was actually fairly small amount. There's other pieces, which really supported more just in-store activity and then, actually a fair amount of it also was frankly some costs that just shifted from below the gross sales – the net sales line into net sales for some accounting reasons as well as some prior-year true-ups. So, it was a mix of different things. And I think that, as we go forward, we just always are looking at our trade, making sure that we evaluate the effectiveness of it versus advertising and working with our retailers and making sure that we're really driving the best value possible from those dollars.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. So, you can see that that's really the delta between the 5 points that we talked about from acquisition down to the 3.5 [points].
Patricia A. Little: I don't think you can do it that way, because for Amplify, Tyrrells is a piece of their business, but for Golden Monkey, it's been changing dramatically as we go.
