Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Tabitha. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company second quarter 2012 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2011 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we've said within the note, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss 2012 second quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $24.9 million, or $0.07 per share-diluted, which are primarily related to the Project Next Century program. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges, non-service-related pension expense, and acquisition and integration costs related to Brookside Foods. With that out of the way, let me now turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
Mark K. Pogharian: But, Chris, international isn't a big driver in the second quarter, as much as some of it is -- some of the business is seasonal related, so there is -- you will probably see international being a bigger driver of quarterly results in the first and in the fourth.
Mark K. Pogharian: Hey, Eric, it's Mark. And it's not an apples-to-apples because I think the flat share you're referring to in the first quarter was FDMxC and now we're talking about the xAOC+C universe. So -- and I think as you -- from our remarks, I think...
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you very much for joining us for today's conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available to answer any follow-up questions that you may have. Thank you, and enjoy your day.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Sure, Ken. Well, first of all, it always feels like we're competing against the best every day. But I think the innovation in the category, we're seeing a little bit more of a tick-up than we have over the last couple of years. And just kind of to put things in perspective, I feel really good about the overall category growth. I think the fundamentals in the category are good. Our competitors had solid innovation in the first quarter. Our second quarter innovation was very much around some of our sweets and refreshments brands. And therefore, you had a little bit of a difference between what our innovation looked like versus some of the competitors' innovation. But I think it's really good for the -- I think it's really good for the category. The final point I would just make from our standpoint is, is that our overall growth algorithm is to have about 1 point of growth from innovation. We feel good that we're probably going to, this year, be well above that, probably in the 1.5-plus point range, and we were better than that last year. So I think -- I think it's a good environment. And we have tough competitors and they're doing well, but I think that's good for everybody.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we're correcting for those things and we feel really good about the visibility we have to Halloween and the holidays for the balance of the year. Remember, one of the things you don't want to do is win share the week after those holiday events, because that's when all of the significant markdowns are. So I think we're getting better and better every time. It's selling what we believe the consumer is looking to consume, and it continues to work well for retailers and we continue to grow well in the seasons and perform how we would like.
John P. Bilbrey: Andrew, I think I would characterize it a little bit different than that. If you think about -- we're looking for sales to come in again in that 7% to 9% range. We're slightly ahead of that at the halfway point, mostly because we had a very strong first quarter and we had the pricing on the Easter holiday. But again, that still calls for good sales performance in the back half. The pricing will actually play a smaller role in Qs 3 and 4 because we've completely lapped it at this stage, other than the Halloween and holiday period. And so we've averaged probably about 170 to 175 basis points of gross margin in the first half of the year. We will expect that, obviously, given our outlook of 100 to 120, to be somewhat less, specifically, because of the -- of pricing playing a smaller role. The counter to that is we certainly expect volumes to start accelerating and be more balanced between price and volume in the back half, which we haven't seen as much year-to-date. SM&A, I commented specifically on third quarter. We were -- we actually underspent a bit, as you recall, in the first quarter due to some timing. We're back to, sort of, where we thought we'd be. It's a little higher than the third quarter, so earnings in the back half driven by top line, a little bit lighter -- a little bit less gross margin due to lower price realization, a bit of investment behind the business to give us continued momentum against new products. And we think fourth quarter EPS is -- on a comparable basis, will sequentially be better than third quarter.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, that's exactly right. I -- that's exactly the way I would put it. We continue to get some pricing. But with the volume recovery there, we're expecting, despite the additional investment, that gives us the ability to upgrade the EPS outlook for the year.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. From a volume perspective, international would've been a net plus. So we specifically -- we specifically broke out the U.S. piece just to be more transparent.
John P. Bilbrey: It won't be down in the quarter, but it will be below the second quarter levels. And we said second quarter was sort of mid-teens. Third quarter is a little higher. 3 is up -- 3 up from 2, but 4 down from 2.
John P. Bilbrey: Right now, our reinvestment plans are pretty close to plan. So I wouldn't say that as a result of a strong first half that we've decided to increase higher than planned rates. There is a tax impact, obviously, in the third quarter, but we're getting the benefit in the second because of just the resolution of a couple of tax audits that we thought would come in the back half of the year. So I wouldn't characterize our investments in the back half, while they're stronger than the first half, as being in addition to what we thought we would be doing early in the year.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we have strong programming throughout the balance of the year, certainly, that's C-store focused. We continue to see strength in the channel, and so we feel really good about what our planning looks like and we can -- we continue to hear pretty optimistic commentary from our retailers as well.
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. First of all, I would go back to the earlier comment I made about the category continues to perform well. We feel good about the fundamentals. We saw a little bit lower merchandising on our brands in the quarter than we do -- we did versus the previous quarter, which confirms for us some of the broad-based success of innovation in the category. So as we look at what we were lapping, what our programming was, we probably came in a little bit different than we did. Also remember, when we talk about innovation, even though that's on major brands and then we talk about the core volume, those are still core brands. So if you combine those 2, it's also really about 1 point there. FDMx was a little softer for us than was the balance but again, we grew. So I felt fairly good about that and while we would like to grow share in every category in perpetuity, we might not actually be able to do that, so...
John P. Bilbrey: Jonathan, it's interesting. We have worked really, really hard on what we call prescriptive selling around holidays and in our -- in basically our seasonal events. And I think we're getting much, much better at how we execute, both in getting it up at the right time and then ensuring that it's selling through at the right time. So when we look at these events, we actually could probably sell more than we do in terms of the sell-in. But as we work with our retailers, one of the things they're learning too is, is they need to get these seasonal events off the floor to get into the next one so that they can also be timely. And so getting the sell-through to occur more at the planned rates is really important. So we just feel good about the overall execution. It leverages our sales organization, which is in there. It's our seasonal navigator tool, which is proprietary, that we help manage the category. And so I think if you bundle all of those things together, we're getting better. We've talked about S'mores, how it's almost become a season, and then we've had a terrific event with TWIZZLERS this summer. So the -- you're right on when you describe what you're seeing and it's very, very much how we challenge our seasonal team to work with retailers to make these things as prescriptive as possible.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, what I don't want to do is talk about what those volume targets are. What I would tell you is, is there's certainly no disappointment from our side or discussions with retailers that we're not collaborating on what we think the right volumes are. And so read that as a positive, not a negative. I guess the overall comment I'd make, if you look at our takeaway and our shipments where we feel really good about is, is that we continue to see those running very, very close, which is always a positive sign for the overall supply chain and how products are moving through the total system, and that usually is found money for everybody when you're efficient throughout the entire system. So we feel really good about the planning of those events for the second half of the year.
John P. Bilbrey: Bryan, first of all, I'll make a general comment that I think that it can be dangerous -- and I can't speak to the beverage guys. So I think it can be dangerous if we get too enamored by some of the short-term swings. However, in our business, we continue to see really robust C-store business. We continue to execute well. We've got good programming. So in the retailers that we talk to on our brands, they're pretty positive, frankly. And so while there's a lot of events, I think, and a lot of moving parts today that maybe didn't happen across channels as much over the last several years, for our brands, our category, we continue to see really good trends. And we feel good about the planning that we have.
John P. Bilbrey: So let me start with the last part. If you think about how we're looking at innovation today, really, the most important thing is around innovation lifecycle versus just around what we knew, at one point, as a lot of limited editions, and those have a tendency to run their course and get tired. So we're very pleased with the innovation in total, not just on Reese's, but innovation in total that we have. We continue to advertise into year 2, and we continue to go beyond that because we really think that if our innovation is additive to our core business over time, that's obviously a good thing. If you look at Reese's in total, the Reese's core minus innovation, because of the amount of merchandising that happened in the introductory period of the Reese's Minis, you see the core merchandising was off a little bit in the quarter and that impacted the core business, which was down a little bit more than the innovation was up. So again, the Reese's business, we continue to feel really good about it. Reese's continues to grow for us. It's obviously a hugely important brand, and we think Minis is going to be around for a long time. And we hope that the whole hand-to-mouth occasion, not only on Reese's but across more of our brands, will continue to be a good growth builder for us.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. No, I understand. I think that when you think about initially activating a brand and certainly one that hasn't been nourished for a while, you get very good response initially. What's important in our overall plans is, is that we've gotten brands that were undernourished to what I would call sustaining levels. So you go through growth levels and you get to sustaining levels and at those sustaining levels, the goal is for those brands to continue to grow, which is what we're seeing. And then as we activate really in 2 different segments, we activate more broadly across our portfolio. But as you think about some of those brands like PayDay and York, et cetera, we have those brands that we will rotate through. So there's a segment of brands there that we believe we can do some rotation around. It benefits the brand. It keeps them current, in front of the consumer. And then the other segment I would talk about you're seeing as a part of the advertising is the investment in our international businesses in these core markets. So we really -- with our spend today, it's not just spending more on the same thing over and over again. We've really been able to become more efficient in terms of the GRPs we get, expand that across our portfolio and then further expand that across our geographies.
John P. Bilbrey: I -- Yes, I think that's right. And the real magic in so much of our growth algorithm and in our strategies is that we have these wonderful markets where you have GDP growth, the category is growing with GDP growth and we can participate in those markets, as we talked back in New York, that, that's not just a high-cost battle for share. That's really category growing. All manufacturers are participating. Consumers are entering [ph] the category. So it's very, very efficient to be able to grow that way and then we're very fortunate that we have a significant position in such a great market like North America. So if I look at the coming 5-plus years and our current strategic plan, I'm just really optimistic that we have a sound, disciplined approach to continue to deliver solid business growth.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think, David, it's -- so we believe innovation is important to the category. There's no doubt about that. At the same time, when we're able to make the investments we want to make, execute against the fundamentals and pace our innovation in a way that we're delivering against what we see is a sound growth algorithm, that's what we're going to continue to do. And so we feel good about our pipeline. It's really about pacing. We believe that the right level of innovation for the category -- and we're seeing more innovation, I think, this year than we have. That's a good thing. We want to participate in that. But importantly, we want to ensure that we have sustainable innovation. And to the earlier question, lifecycle of these is important, so that we don't create so much churn in the category that really it's unprofitable for everybody.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think as you -- I think as we look forward, first of all, we have initiatives out there. We're emphasizing our sweets and refreshments category in a way we never have before and we feel as though that's rewarding as well. Obviously, chocolate is extremely important to us and we have things that we're doing there. We're coming off of a couple of really big blockbusters with the Minis. And as we look forward, we expect to continue to introduce things at the right pace, and hopefully, that really resonates well with the consumers. So I think the way you're thinking about it is not inconsistent with how we think about it. But we probably have been far more disciplined in the way that we've done innovation than we have in the past.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, Simple Pleasures is an indulgent product. It also has some benefit of lower fat content and there's this consumer we call -- let me think here for a second, but it's more of a permissible indulgence. Sorry, I have to search my hard drive there in my mind. But it's more of a permissible-indulgence type product, and so we believe that there's some trade-up type customers if you think about those brands that it would source some of its volume from, and it's a bit different than some of the other -- it has some nice differentiation from some of the other products in the category.
John P. Bilbrey: We feel as though the category growth has -- I used the word, at one point in time, I think earlier, around the "new normal." But if you look at the 3% to 4% historical growth rate and where the category is growing today, I think that the key difference that I see that makes me a believer in continued category growth, at least in the North American mindset, is the investment that continues to be made in the category in terms of advertising. We've talked a lot this morning about innovation. And then don't forget, in a tough retail environment, retailers are looking for categories that are good for them and our category is good for retailers. So I think we'll continue to get our fair share as a category of overall merchandising in the store and that, I think, are all positive fundamentals to future growth.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think if I were to just put it in 2, sort of, macro comments, we saw FDMx had a bit of a grower -- a lower growth rate than the balance of some of the things you described. If you think about Walmart, Club, Dollar, those collection of the new part of the xAOC growth, so you saw a little bit greater growth there than you did in the others. We still saw pretty balanced growth across all of those customers for us in the category as well. So there -- the consumer seems to be moving around a little bit. But overall, that's how we see our category responding right now. And then of course, we talked convenience earlier and convenience continues to do really well for us.
John P. Bilbrey: I think, for us, continuing to be dedicated to growth in our international businesses and the core markets that we talked about, increasing our capabilities there, so if you think about expanding our geographical footprint, which is the second thing that we talked about in our strategy, and then expanding our portfolio across those geographies, that's going to keep us pretty busy and that's probably where you'll see us...
John P. Bilbrey: I think that we're learning a lot about the Dollar channel and we're trying to do better there. We want to make sure we do it smart, just -- versus just putting things out. So that's an area. But if you look at our brands and our coverage, it's pretty ubiquitous.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we talk about premium and if you look at the category today, and these numbers are probably some that you're perfectly familiar with, but I'll say them, premium and trade-up represents about 12% of the total category today. If you look at what's happened over the last several years, premium had declined some and it's now recovering some. Trade-up is declining some. So that percentage of the business, which has been relatively constant over time, is one that we have not, I would just say, succeeded at. Now, we feel very good about the fact that we concentrate in where the bulk of the category is today. We do well there. But we talk about and have projects in place around how to think about premium. We think there's potentially a couple of share points there in the total category that if we were to sort that out, we could benefit from. One of the issues for us is that we haven't convinced ourselves that we can do that more profitably than some of the other things that we're doing. And so solving for it within that context, because I don't want to chase share that could be less profitable for us than not. But I recognize your question and it's one that we, too, think about.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think, Eric, what we may want to do to get into a lot of the detail is we can probably take some of that offline and Mark can help us go through each of those numbers. What I would tell you is, across each pieces of the business, we continue to feel pretty good about the progress that we're making, with the exception that we were disappointed, just so we have a goal for ourselves to grow share across all of our businesses. And so chocolate was off a little bit. The everyday would have been impacted by the innovation that we were seeing. But fundamentally, I don't think that I would describe any of those events as causing us concern around what our overall plans are for the year. So our seasonal performance has been good. We did very good at Easter, as we described earlier. The instant consumable business is doing well. The Minis continues to do very well. Front-ends continued to do well. And so I think if you describe it, those are the places where it's a bit softer for us than maybe we would have liked. But I think we understand what's happening in the category. So it doesn't cause alarm bells. We're still going through a period of time where we said volume would be back to 100% by the end of the year. So as we look at that on a period-to-period basis, we always see some fluctuation there. So again, I'm more than happy offline to get into some further detail to help you understand that.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, first, I would start by saying is I don't think we believe there is a broad deceleration in the C-store business. And we continue to be -- as we've talked about how we're looking at the balance of the year, we see sequential improvement in share, specifically in chocolate. And so -- again, I would come back to what we have visibility to across the balance of the year. We've had, as a category, very successful innovations in the first half and the things I would tell you that, that innovation has been not from a single manufacturer but from multiple manufacturers. That's good for the category. And so I think the context is not as you may be describing it.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. In terms of our international business, the second quarter, I think Mark mentioned it, it's our lowest quarter internationally. You don't have Chinese New Year. Easter's big in a couple of the markets, particularly Brazil, a little bit in Mexico. And so the second quarter tends to be our low quarter, and we continue to invest at a pretty good pace as we build infrastructure in the selling and what have you. So we're actually, outside of U.S. and Canada, operating income net down. It's different from market to market. In markets where we've been longer, whether you talk about Mexico or Brazil, we tend to have a little bit more. In markets like China, where we're in a pretty strong reinvest mode, I'd say we're still a little bit further away. Now we can flex that as we think is necessary given the market conditions. But right now, we're seeing great top line growth, and we think making the strong investments now is the right thing to do for the future.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Bryan, I would say that given the price realization that we've seen in the first couple of quarters and by and large, while we were a little bit off on our second quarter volume call, it isn't anything that concerns us. We see good continued trends for the back half of the year. So I'd say that the consumer has adjusted reasonably well to the pricing. If we look at how -- at Easter as an indicator of how consumers might be feeling around Halloween and holiday, that's a good sign. I won't comment on timing or anything, other aspects of a price increase. We did say in New York recently at our analyst -- on our analyst day that we felt that costs would actually be down year-on-year given trends in 2013. Don't know what'll happen beyond that. So from our perspective, I -- we think innovation continues to be a driver and all of that comes out at the new price points, obviously. And so as long as there's news in the category and programming and those seasons, which are traffic draws for the retailer, we think that prices will continue to be well accepted by our consumers.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I mean, we mentioned that we had good visibility to this year. So clearly, our inflation expectation hasn't changed. We mentioned in New York that we felt that next year, at least, the trend feels favorable right now. You're right to point out the area. It's one that's not easily hedged and so we watch that closely as we do other commodities. But I wouldn't say that there's anything right now that we're extremely concerned about.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I really can't -- or won't comment on specifically what inventories we've made strategic purchases in. You're right to point out that there is good supply of that in the marketplace, but that's really all I'll say, Eric.
Humberto P. Alfonso: The only thing I would say is that the minus 3 doesn't include the international benefit. We specifically spoke about U.S. to just be more transparent.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Would be just a little below the 35% level, and that's consistent with what we've said all year. The only thing that occurred in the second quarter was that we closed a couple of tax audits which we had in the plan for the second year. So it's really more timing during the year. The tax rate is the same as what we anticipated early in the year.
