Michele Buck: Sure. So relative to trade spending and promotion, we didn't have any meaningful shifts in promotion activity. Our levels for the year were pretty consistent with the prior year. So we were basically flat. The IRI data will support that, so I think there is a little bit of a disconnect in the Nielsen data. So we don't really expect any material changes as we go into next year as well.  And then as you look at innovation, certainly I think some of the bigger items we have, Kit Kat flavors which has done exceptionally well for Kit Kat on a global basis. We have the Stuffed Reese’s product and our Reese Innovation tends to also always be quite strong for us.  We have a permissible line of products to really address that benefit of better-for-you that we are under developed in across our portfolio, and that will include Kit Kat Thins, which is an addition to what has been an already launch of a successful platform with Reese Thins. We are also relaunching our sugar free line to Zero-Sugar, really focusing on Hershey and Reese and launching Hershey and Reese organic products. So those are the highlights of the year, and I would say overall if you looked at our innovation, the level of innovation is about comparable to prior year. 
Michele Buck: So Ken, if you think about the Easter that we’ll be shipping for in Q4, that 2022 Easter, happens to be one of those incredibly long Easters, and so typically we tend to ship a bit more in the Q4 prior to a long Easter. So we don't expect that there's going to be a material difference from a year-to-year basis because of that. 
Michele Buck: Yeah, I mean our approach on media spend is, you know this is a category and we have brands that are incredibly responsive to media, and if you look at ROIs on media being driven by scale, profit margin and lift, last responsiveness, we win on all three of those. So we are one of the highest spenders on advertising as a percent of net sales within the industry and we really believe in that.  At the same time we challenge ourselves constantly to get more from our money, and so over the years we have transitioned from 100% television advertising, probably 12 years ago to we are now down to probably 40%. I think about 60%, 65% of our spending is digital. Now the other factor that kind of plays in, in addition to being more efficient through digital which enabled us to do a lot of very targeted things such as targeting media, based on how sell-through is during a season or targeting zip codes, etcetera, you have the other factor going on, which is you know media, the cost of media in the marketplace and inflation and kind of playing through that.  If you think about 2020, our spending was down a little bit because we pulled back on some parts of the portfolio that we thought you know just weren’t relevant like refreshment this year, so part of our increase is restoring some spend levels in some of those areas, and that's part of what's driving up some of our spending as well. 
Michele Buck: No, I mean I would say you know mint and gum, clearly there was pressure on mints and gums relative to COVID as a segment. But part of what you might be seeing is how frequently something scans and versus high frequency which can some impact – sometimes impact what distribution actually looks like, but sometimes it's there and not scanning. So we haven't had any kind of material changes in our brand and portfolio broadly. We feel pretty good about our portfolio, largely focused on ice breakers as a key brand, which has strong points of competitive differentiation in the product and does well in the brand. So we are – yeah, we are feeling pretty good about where we are in distributions, overall for us and our brands. 
Michele Buck: Yeah, non-measured was the other piece. Seasons was the – you know was the biggest component. Non-measured channel which we believe was driven by inventory replenishment. There was also the minor area of there were more shopping days in Q4 versus the prior year and so that contributed as well. 
Michele Buck: So yes, we do expect modest international sales growth which ex-China would be even higher, as we discussed will be living through some changes, the impact of some of the changes in the model, but we do expect modest growth internationally. Each market is a little bit different. You know we continue to feel good on long term basis about international. It’s an important part of our business, it drives incremental, incremental source of growth for us and then as I said, each market’s a bit different.  India we saw some nice rebound and a strong finish to the year. Well certainly earlier in the year India suffered through a lot of COVID related pressure. In Brazil constant currency sales were good. They were double digit, but FX has been a challenge. Mexico really is the market’s that contended or has tended to have continued COVID pressure, where the category sales have remained soft, even though they are improving and a lot of that is driven by two factors, you know store declines, traditional trade, store closures and less of those family celebrations where chocolate has traditionally played such an important role.  So it's a little bit of a tale with multiple cities as we look at each piece around the world, but in totality will lead to modest growth. 
Michele Buck: Yes, so I would say our goal – we expect we will continue to gain share through the lap and then once the lap hits, we are going to be focused relentlessly on trying to profitably sustain as much of the share gain that we can.  Obviously it's hard to predict what will happen, what will be going on in the market place competitively, etcetera. Category mix alone could pressure our share a little bit, as gum will likely rebound versus ‘20 and we are under developing gum, so that mix shift alone puts a little bit of pressure, and I guess that's probably the only specific thing I’d call out.  We will be executing and it’s one of the reasons that Steve mentioned earlier, that we are really making sure we have significant investments this year, so that we invest in trying to maintain those share gains. 
Michele Buck: Yes, so it is a fair statement that some – we won some competitive merchandising, absolutely, as we had good product to deliver to really deliver for retailers and for consumers. But we really want share in every aspect of the business, you know velocity, promotion, shelf space, season, so pretty much across the board our share gains were pretty pervasive. 
Michele Buck: Yes, so when we think about packaging innovation, you know we think about pack types which are designed to meet specific consumer occasions. So this is – for me I would encompass this as part of kind of price backed architecture, which is as we look to capture incremental consumer occasions how do we have certain packs that enable that, so that there’s a value to the consumer that you know our products now better meet an occasion or a need.  If you go back and look at, you know we went from lay down to stand-up bags, not only was it easier to shop on shelves, but it was also, once it got into the home, in the pantry, much easier to use, much easier to see, less messy, those types of things. We will look at pack configurations in terms of you know size, like is there a smaller size than it used for certain occasions or certain demographics versus a larger pack and we'll do that on a brand-by-brand basis.  So I would say that our pipeline is largely kind of focused on what we would say price pack architecture and so as such, what we trying and do from a strategic perspective is make sure that we are at least margin neutral. I mean that would be our goal. We can get price realization, obviously that’s the focus, but short of that we want to be margin neutral. 
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean since retailors are – yes they are always looking to try and optimize their space according to what the current consumer demand is, and so you know – hey, nobody knows how long, what the curve of the pandemic is going to look like. So I can't tell you a specific time when it will shift and obviously it will shift at different times with different retailers too, based on who their consumers are.  So I would say it’s less – we have a definitive timeline and you know we are focused on one, on how we make sure that we got the right score behind the brand and the right innovation relative to mini’s which we think is a big idea and also plant based which are on trend, so that as the category does come back, we are well positioned to capture that. 
Michele Buck: Yes, so I guess I would say first and foremost you know our number one priority is always our core confection business, because it is the mother ship, it is our profit engine, we have tremendous strength, it's growing within consumer demand and so you know we always start there.  And then with that as the foundation we really looked across all the capabilities that we have as a company relative to consumer insight, to taste science, to ubiquitous distribution, all of that and say how could we leverage that to capture more and more incremental consumer occasion and so I think that’s where you know you see us with a targeted focus on, okay something like better-for-you should capture an incremental occasion, an incremental consumer. so I would think about that as kind of more incremental. And then if I look at you know flavor variety on the core, to me that’s a little bit more where we rotate in, we rotate out, you know we have one slot for that, but it’s not a permeate incremental. Some of our expansion into other categories, i.e., better-for-you in savory, yeah I look at those as gaining incremental distribution points more broadly in the store by meeting incremental consumer occasion.  So I think incremental occasion is importation for us, leveraging the capabilities, and then importantly making sure that we do a very measured expansion. We want to focus on confection, add-in area and really play to win there, and make sure we don’t spread ourselves too thin, similarly to what I would say we’d do on international. We have a focused select set of markets that we prioritize, that we really want to play to win as oppose to spreading ourselves too thin.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes I'm happy to take that one. We are clearly facing, on an all-in basis facing more inflation this year than last year. As you know we’ve got the hedging program which mutes some of the cocoa impact as the LID flows through, and we have some longer term contracts on things like freight and warehousing.  But that said, neither hedging or contracting is going to fully cover the exposure that we have in inflation and I think, if I take freight as an example, you know we look at things like demand planning and how important that is, and to the extent our plans deviate from the way volume comes in and have them go to the spot market for example where we have less cover, there is some risk there.  So net-net more inflation, you know we've got a pretty good level of cover and that's included inside of our guidance, but we're not fully covered either on the commodity side or outside the commodities. 
Steve Voskuil: Happy to take that one as well, yes. So on the on the media side, I’ll say media and SG&A in general, we’re probably looking at something like mid-single digits across those pieces. On the media side, clearly we want to you know defend and extend our share gains and so you know we were thoughtful in how we deployed media last year. We made some reductions kind of mid-year. We actually turned it up a little bit towards the end of the year and we want to make sure as we go in to this year that we've got enough to defend and extend share. On the SG&A side, you know we kind of think about it in two buckets, and I'll say things like you know normal corporate expense, travel will be very tight year-over-year and there – you know these year based budgeting formats, watch headcount, all of that.  And then we talk about the investment side. In the investment side we do have some capabilities that we want to continue to fortify, you know S/4 in the ERP program drives some OpEx through the SG&A areas. More expansion of our digital capabilities which came into play quite a bit over the course of last year and anything analytics and insights, but again we talked a lot about them last year as well, but continuing to extend our capabilities in those spaces.  And so you know could it slide us up or down? I think as we get into the year and we see how you know the shape of the P&L and we see how the top line delivers, you know we probably have some latitude and flexibility there, but I would say we have pretty firm investment plans at least in those areas as we start the year. 
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, I’d be happy to. So I don’t want to get too far ahead and get into 2022. Obviously as we said in the past, our range of hedging could to be anywhere from three months to 24 months and so and that flexes across commodities and so – but I don't want to get too specific in ’22. But as we know, hedging helps smooth the impacts over time.  At the end of the day as the LID flows through and sticks, then eventually that’s going to come into play in the cost, and so hedging can smooth that out, but to the extent the cocoa price picks that up, eventually that comes through. Now then that ties into the broader strategy Michele just talked about in pricing and looking at the overall P&L and other things like cocoa sourcing and recipes and things of that nature. 
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, that's exactly right. You know we ended the year with inventories in the trade of little below historical averages, so as we look to the next year, you know we see that could be a bit of a tailwind in the first half and a headwind perhaps in the back half at the year. 
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, today it's about 60 base – you know 0.6% of company sales and so I think in the past if we go back to early ’20, your right, we said it was about 1% of sales, and if you think about between then and now you got two things; obviously COVID had a pretty big impact on that business for us in the first half, and again strictly because we were concentrated in the gifting space, which was hit early last year and then the second piece is part of moving to the new model and some of those transition changes. 
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, it’s in the same zip code, and the repositioning isn't going to be a you know a whole new P&L there. 
Steve Voskuil: Yes, they do. Again more going back to historic levels, you know recent history. Last year was usual on capital allocation, the number of fronts is being cautious on share repurchase among other areas. As we look to ‘21 and plan this year, we're expecting share repurchase to revert to a more normal level. And again our goal is not to warehouse cash at the end of the day. We want to deploy it for profitable growth and share purchase becomes one levering creating some good constructive tension in that equation. 
Steve Voskuil: Yes it's more elevated, the answer is somewhere in between. If you remember last year we started targeting $450 million to $500 million for CapEx. Again, one of the areas we were a little bit cautious on was projects last year and with COVID and pressure on resources we had to reprioritize some things last year and the net effect of that was a little bit less CapEx in ’20 and that CapEx pushing into ’21, and for the main project there to the biggest ERP being one and work on supply chain. The total project cost didn't change and so it shifted more into ‘21 and therefore you can imagine some shifted into ‘22 as well. And so, but this year it's usually high. I think we're going to see elevated CapEx sort of above our long term algorithm, probably ’23 ,’24 and we're going to talk a little bit more about that and tag me in a few weeks, we’ll give some more color on capital and where it’s headed, but I would expect an elevated level for the next couple of years before we get back down to what's inside of our algorithm. 
A - Michele Buck: So if we step back and think about the seasonal pricing holistically, let me just remind you that we had priced the Halloween portion of the season and Halloween is our biggest season, so that had occurred previously, and that's about, you know roughly call it 10% of our season. And then we mentioned that with the pricing in Holiday, Valentine and Easter, you know we're capturing at least another 10 points. There are certain parts of the season, some of the everyday items that got priced along with prior, instant consumable pricing actions. So at this point in time with this recent pricing action we really have priced almost all of the season in the past year so here. 
A - Michele Buck: And Rob, let me just clarify one thing. So the LID is fully in play this year, so the hedges don't really impact that at all. Part of what's offsetting that as the hedge is we had even possibly prior to the LID going in or taking advantage of you know dislocations and supply and demand throughout the course of 2020. There were times when you know the cocoa market had come down for beans and things like that, so that's really there.  Just to be fully clear, the LID is 100% in the cost base for 2021, but you have some of those hedges with supply and demand imbalances, as well as that cocoa butter dynamic, which is really where the offset is. And so as you think about ’22, those will be the two variables to kind of keep an eye on, of what could causes those costs to change, more so than the LID.
A - Michele Buck: Sure. So Alexia, the most significant portion of our over delivery in Q4 was seasons. It was probably about two-thirds of our over delivery, and I would call it somewhat one time in nature if you think about it, so there were two parts to that.  One was we did have retailers requesting early shipments, so that they could make sure that they had adequate supply as they came into 2021, so those shipments were incremental. And then we also had exceptionally strong sell through, both for Halloween and for Holiday, and that has kind of a knock on effect where we then have less discounting required you know post the holiday and less cannibalization of the everyday business, so you kind of get back to the everyday business even more quickly.  So those investments and the focus that we put, both in terms of media and in store merchandising to drive category growth during the season really paid off for us, but that was the, you know kind of the single biggest factor that was different than we had anticipated. 
A - Michele Buck: Sure. So I think our share gains really are as you mentioned, a factor of many different components coming together. First of all, we do have incredibly strong brand and very strong operating capabilities and executional capabilities. I think as I look at the year, you know we got a broad portfolio and we are able then to leverage that portfolio and pivot as needed to whatever occasion are resonating most with consumers and families right now.  So certainly this past year there were a lot of those at home occasions. Things like S'mores where people were staying, being with their family at home in a smaller environment, doing movie night. You know products like Twizzlers. And seasons were it turned out to be incredibly important for consumers during this very difficult time where they wanted to cling to as much normalcy as possible and the seasons are really about traditions and rituals and connections with family and close friends. You know as you mentioned, we also made strong investments over the past several years and a lot of capabilities that allowed us to understand consumers, improved our ability to forecast where consumers were going to go, and then really execute well in our supply chain, apply data and analytics to our sales and retail coverage, data and analytics to our media in ways that we believe some others can't.  You know early on we had discussed with all of you that we made that decision to lean in and capture opportunity as much as possible during COVID, take the opportunity and create new occasions for consumers and really partner with our retailers to make sure we were there for them when they need us with our retail sales folks in store stocking shelves and meeting their product needs when some others couldn't, so clearly all of those things together were really important for us. Now, as we look at that I would say, you know we are – you know in the past typically might have been 10, 20 basis points of share in a year. Obviously this year 160 basis points of share and you know 130 on our chocolate business where we already have a 45% market share. So as we look into 2021, we believe that the share growth will continue prior to the last, which is really you know basically up to Easter, and post Easter we believe that the share will moderate as we lap those 20 gains, but it's going to be our goal to profitably sustain as much of the share as we can going forward. 
A - Michele Buck: Yeah, if you look at our M&A strategy, clearly it is focused on us capturing incremental snacking occasions and some of the ways that we look at that is you know clearly we do have a pretty sizeable business in sweet indulgent type products and as we look at consumers broad snacking needs, clearly you know salty savory and better-for-you are opportunities where our portfolio is under developed. And if you look at our past history of acquisition you would see that many of our acquisitions have been focused in that space. You know Skinny Pop is a great example of that. So clearly that is a focus area for us within our M&A strategy. 
A - Michele Buck: Yeah, I mean it is difficult in a year like this past year to precisely pinpoint exact amounts to any one factor, just because there was so much going on. I mean clearly we know supply chain was a piece of it. You know frankly though we also believe how we pivoted our portfolio and really shifted spending and shifted focus on our portfolio to the exact right items that consumers were looking for, you know the role that we were able to focus on with season and how much that resonated with consumers during that time.  So it's difficult to pinpoint – you know there were opportunities for products on shelves, and so I guess I would say you know I think it's fair to say some of that was probably short term benefits and then there are other components that have somewhat of a longer lasting effect. So for example, if you do well in a season one year and your sell-through was quite strong, typically the buy that you get from retailers the next year tends to be pretty strong as well.  You know if you're able to gain shelf space and get incremental items on shelves, typically if they're performing well, you have the opportunity to keep them on a sustained basis. So, well some of the benefits I think are short term, others will have that enduring effect. 
