John P. Bilbrey: All right. Thank you, Bert. Operator, before we open the lines for Q&A, note that it's a busy day for earnings announcements. Therefore, out of respect for those companies, as well as everyone in the investment community, please limit yourself to one question as we are going to attempt to end the conference call at around 9:30 a.m.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, so let me just build the base real quickly. Recall that in the U.S. it was primarily in Costco when we made the acquisition and then it was available broadly across Canada, but it wasn't advertised across Canada. So as we've continued to build out the distribution in Canada, we'll be advertising it this year. And the trade reaction to the product as we've been expanding it in the U.S. has been extremely positive. We would expect it to really be in all the channels where our products are today with the exception, early on, of convenience where we haven't yet built out the packaging that we think will be appropriate for convenience, although we certainly plan to do that because we think it's a great on-the-go product. So you would expect it to look very similar to the balance of our line in 2013. And then beyond, we believe that we'll continue to build region penetration with the product.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think that it's continuing to evolve, and we feel quite good about the progress that we've made. Just for a bit of historical perspective, we've always played an important role in terms of category captain across a meaningful percentage of our customers. With IDP specifically, which you're referencing, we continue to expand that across the largest customers, where they also have the capabilities in place for us to be able to work well together on joint business planning and research projects. So we believe this is an important cornerstone of how we go to market. We continue to learn and grow here, and we do that with our retailers at the same time. So we're quite optimistic. It's important, and we believe we'll continue to make solid gains because of those joint planning relationships.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, as we look at our planning stance in 2013, and as you know, we've given guidance of 5% to 7% net sales growth, we believe that it will look pretty balanced across the quarters. We don't specifically guide to the quarters, but we think the year looks pretty balanced. We felt good about the fourth quarter, in particular, that while seasons is important to us, in the fourth quarter -- we always talk about the business in sort of thirds, and seasons being one of those. In the fourth quarter, seasons is probably about 20%. We had what we would describe as low retail inventories going into the fourth quarter. So a lot of the volume that we saw in the fourth quarter was really around our core brands and base business. Price was important to us in the fourth quarter. So as we had talked about sequential improvement across '12, we really saw that happen. And the quality of our sales in the fourth quarter, I think, was really high. So we felt good about it, and we're saying that we think the category will be between 3.5% and 4% growth in 2013. And as -- we'd like to see ourselves growing share in that environment.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, yes, I think, David, because of the nature of the brand, you'll probably see different media types as we talk about the brand, but we expect to have a strong marketing program behind Brookside. As you know, we've got the capacity to allow the brand to grow, so we're in a good place there. And so we continue to be really excited about it, and the consumer response that we've had has been really positive as well.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, Ken, I would say that we've given what we think is our best view of gross margin expansion and, obviously, there's a range there for things like what you're mentioning, which is -- dairy is one of those that can be more volatile while at the same time, there's less inability to develop hedge strategies around that. Clearly, what we're seeing is a year that we're expecting will be driven by volume. And so that's an area that we're keeping track. And we're encouraged by where we're starting the year, as well as where we ended the year. I'd say new products and Brookside, it's a little early to tell, but we do have probably more new product activity in the pipeline this year across the globe than we've had in a number of other years. So to your point, we think we're giving the right guidance around gross margin. Below that, we do have a significant amount of spend and we always have flexibility around that spend. We're going to be aggressive because we think we're getting the right top line growth that meets our strategic needs. But I'd say that, that's where you might have flexibility if we decide that, that's the appropriate thing to do.
John P. Bilbrey: Erik, I continue to believe that as the category has made progress against pricing -- and let's put gum aside for a second. I think that if you look at this category relative to a number of other categories across the store, we've done well. We believe this will be a year that volume drives the growth in the category. And assuming that story comes true, there shouldn't be a great temptation for us to think any differently about how we market our products. I think that we're bringing good news to the consumer. I think the products are positioned in a way that they provide good value. And then from a retailers' perspective, they're also looking for friends in these categories that are producing good profit and are growing at the same time. It's a highly merchandised category. You find it in a number of places across the store, seasons, of course, plays a role. So I'm not so sure that, that's the lever that maybe once the category had relied more on. We're seeing a higher percentage of sales at full revenue kind of year-over-year and where -- if I went back 5 years ago, you would have seen, call it, 52%, 54% of sales in the category maybe on promotion. And you might see it almost flipped from that today. And those aren't hard and fast numbers but directionally, that's probably fairly correct. So that's my view and that's how I would respond to that question.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, we have in place a business model now that when we're introducing brands, we want to make sure that we fully support them on a sustainable basis as we roll them out into the market, and we're going to certainly do that with Brookside. We're very optimistic about the brand, and we do believe that while we're in the first round of expansion, that this is a brand that probably has relevance more broadly than the markets that we're currently talking about. It's also important to remember that we're expanding advertising across a number of our markets in China and Brazil and Mexico. And so as you look at the comments we made about the U.S. advertising spend and then take Brookside, which is incremental, and then think about what we're doing broadly, it all doesn't come down to being spent on Brookside. With that said, we're going to have a very aggressive position around building the Brookside brand as we expand it, creating awareness, introducing it to consumers, creating trial and so on. So again, we're going -- we're very serious about building brands and we see Brookside as an important one.
John P. Bilbrey: One comment I would just add to what Bert has said, we've talked about expanding geographies, expanding our portfolio. If you think about our core portfolio, and we talk about 5 global brands with Hershey's, Kisses, Reese's, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers, our opportunity to grow those brands within the footprint that we've been articulating is really significant, both that we don't have the penetration we want yet and those categories are also growing rapidly. So as we continue to invest and prepare ourselves to be able to do that, we think it's a great spend. And the one example I would give you that you may not have heard us talk about before is if we look at the Kisses brand, which is the one brand that we have led with around the world, with our Kisses brand, 32% of the sales on Kisses happen outside the U.S. So as we continue to expand our other brands, we would hope to be able to begin to see an evolution towards that same-type profile. So that gives us a lot of encouragement, and we need to get the other brands within the same framework that we have Kisses, and that's a significant opportunity of growth for us.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think the overall comment is that we continued to see really good trends in China. Obviously, as the seasons there move around, you see some of the volume move around. But as you had a lot of discussion around China and heavy industry and other things, and there were some gloomy reports here in 2012, we just never really saw it in our types of products. So if you think about basic products, where the consumer is entering into the economy, we continue to feel awfully good and see very positive trends in our China business.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, let me take a whack at all of that. And Bert can jump in here when he thinks it's appropriate, as well. Let me talk a little bit about it philosophically versus the magnitude of the numbers. But if you think about your advertising spend at a couple of times net sales growth, if you think about our North American businesses and mature businesses, that's sort of where we're at. So a lot of the increases that you're seeing is because Brookside is a big brand and it's now going to be advertised. You have the same thing happening in some of the other markets. Now the spend in the other markets, it's going to over-index certainly from an ROI standpoint in the early days of brand building. But we feel very fortunate that our company's performance right now enables us to be very focused across a few markets that we believe are the most attractive markets, and we're getting very encouraging growth where we're executing against a really complete business approach. It's around brand building. So I think what you'll see is some of those numbers will look larger to us in the early days, but this is -- we think we'll find leverage around both the organization investments and brand-building investments, and the accelerator effect behind a growing category, and a brand whose awareness is growing is really the leverage that we're betting on is really going to be worth it for us. And I think the early evidence is that, that's the case. So for me, it's really around the philosophies and then the dollars sort of follow how much activity do you believe that you can execute really well against.
John P. Bilbrey: Let me respond quickly, and then Bert can comment as well. I don't think of it so much as we're taking new things on as we're able to continue executing against the strategies that we have at a level that we would like to be able to do that. That's really, I come back to my comment I made earlier, that our solid financial performance has enabled us to continue to grow in these new markets and invest in growing our brands in the U.S. And if we continue to say we believe the North American market, the U.S, in particular, is a growth market, we continue to see strong category growth levels. We want to participate and drive that, and grow share going forward. So we're going to continue to invest in our brands. As you know, we went for a number of years where we didn't do that, and it didn't work so well for us. And the business model that we're executing against now, we know does work, but we can only do it in so many markets at any given time. But in this particular environment, it enables us to really execute against those focus markets we've talked about and expand these 5 global brands and be serious about really being a brand-building company.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we feel very good about Simple Pleasures. It meets the need of an indulgent chocolate with a consumer who's looking for what we call control, more of a moderator of their consumption. So it's built good distribution. We've got good advertising that we think is working behind that brand. It's gotten the right level of distribution and trial. So we feel really good about that. Air Delight, as I talked on the last call, we've adjusted our advertising approach there. We think it was probably a little bit harder to compete with indulgent 100% milk chocolate with the Aerated product, and so we weren't really talking enough about the indulgence of the experience and so we've adjusted for that. And as I said, I think, because we're introducing the consumer in the U.S. to a different type of experience, obviously, these products were available outside the U.S. It takes a little bit more work to do that, but we continue to feel really good about the product. It continues to make progress. So that would be a couple of thoughts I would have on those 2 brands.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think, you may see a mix of format innovation as well. But whether the innovation comes from package, usage, occasion, et cetera, as long as it's driving growth that's meeting the needs of consumers or else it wouldn't be working. So we feel pretty good about what we've been able to do in hand to mouth. We've expanded that across multiple brands, and we talked earlier about Kit Kat Minis and ROLO, et cetera, and we'll continue to do some of those. But we're always looking at different format opportunities, adjacencies and so on. And with the Air Delight, it's the same kind of thing. It's -- you're building a new concept and so that could be hard work. But as I said, we'd like to see that brand succeed.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, talking about the expansion, we gave -- obviously, gave some guidance, which we feel good about and so we're saying 180 to 200 basis points pivoting off of where we ended up the year at 43.8%. I would tell you that our productivity programs continue to be quite strong, and 2013 continues to be a strong incremental year for Project Next Century even though the investment behind it is largely complete. We said that by 2014, you'll start to get to the full year rates. So last year in 2012, we had productivity in and around that $80 million range. And while we might expect it to be slightly below that this year, our emphasis on our ability to have savings of around 3% on our non-commodity cost of goods remains on track. To your specific reference around the Ferrero initiative, where we're -- have a logistics arrangement, where we both ship product together, that is making progress in 2013, but part of that is the construction of a Canadian facility. And so you won't see the full benefit of that until '14, although it will increase from 2012. So productivity remains extremely strong and a good part of our program. Clearly, the commodity decline, if you will, year-on-year as we've seen moderation and some of our key commodities is also expected to really benefit it next year. So that does play an important part. But from our perspective, we're planning to invest behind the business and -- as well as grow our earnings and what we think is a good return from those gross margin gains.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Let me take the first part of that. No, we have not given any specifics around deflation and really, we're not planning to.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Bryan, with respect to the capital, you're correct, a greater percentage of that capital is non-U.S. in 2013. And we talked about last June, if you recall, having the need to expand for volume growth in Asia specifically. And so while we've not commented on exact location, you're quite right, your observation is a good one in terms of more capital being deployed outside of the U.S. And while we still have some against Project Next Century, I mentioned it was at quite a low number, in the 15% to 20% range. We're always going to have some amount of our capital, which is either maintenance driven or driven in things like IT technology and the like. But a lot of our capital is margin enhancing and business building, if you want to call it that. So more of it is deployed outside of the U.S. in 2013, and you might see that starting to be more common in -- as we go forward, given that we feel pretty good about our footprint in the U.S., while still growing volume. We think we have the right number of facilities, if you will.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I think, we look first at our organic business. Obviously, that's our priority. And the reflection of spend really is a reflection on new product introductions. I think J.P. mentioned, we have a number of them in China. We're planning to launch additional new products in Brazil. And so these markets, where we've invested in infrastructure and are at a point where we feel that we've done the right market research to be able to put -- expand those 5 brands in particular, those 5 global brands. M&A is quite different. It's still a priority for us, where we can expand the business inorganically. Clearly, we have the right capability from a balance sheet perspective to do it. And it is a key priority, but we don't put it in our model because it's hard to predict. And we're going to do our best to find good value return opportunities in M&A, but our main focus is our organic business.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we've talked a little bit about this in the past, and within our -- within the context of that $1 billion that we're shooting for non-U.S., Canada. And so when you think about our brands outside of the U.S. and Canada, we're at about $700 million, and about 2/3 of that are those key geographies. We haven't specifically talked about market sizes and they're growing at different rates. We mentioned China, 50%. The others are somewhat below that, although still growing very nicely. And then the other third is our -- is an export business, which is quite profitable for us, where we have either distribution arrangements in those countries. And in that side of the business, obviously, there's significantly less marketing spend than in our key markets. So think of it as about a $700 million business growing to $1 billion by the end of 2014.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, David, the only other thing that I would add to that is that if you compare it certainly to last year, a lot of our innovation happens earlier in the year and, by nature, we tend to start our advertising when we hit certain levels of distribution, and that advertising starts sooner. So you are getting more of a full year of advertising or more of the year of advertising versus what you might have saw last year just given the timing of our innovation, and that will be true across markets.
