Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the prerecorded discussion of The Hershey Company’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Results. My name is Melissa Poole and I’m the Vice President of Investor Relations at Hershey. Joining me today are Hershey’s Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey’s Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. In addition to these remarks, we will host an analyst Q&A-only session at 8:30 a.m. Eastern on the morning of July 23. A replay of this webcast and our subsequent Q&A session will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website, along with their corresponding transcripts. During the course of today’s discussion, Management will make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the Company’s future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today’s press release and the Company’s SEC filings. Finally, please note that during today’s discussions, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning’s press release. It is now my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck.
Melissa Poole: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's second quarter 2020 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and look into our pre-recorded management presentation both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted the transcript of the pre-recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session we will also post the transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session we may make forward looking statements that are subject to various risk and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other factors. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release on the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information does not intend to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Melissa Poole: Sure. So for Halloween, we do have orders from retailers. We start to get those orders way back in May. In fact, we try and finalize the orders that by the end of May and we have already shipped some product. The way the season unrolls, we continue to ship product from really June through early October. So we have pretty good visibility to those orders. Now, it's always possible that orders could change in the coming months, but that is not a very common occurrence. I'd also remind you as we listed in our comments about half of our products for Halloween is purchase for self-consumption. So that's really candy ball. It's a celebratory kind of treat for the family and then, that about 40% of it then falls into the back part of October, which are the trick-or-treat sales. So we feel good based on what we've seen. We've been partnering closely with our retailers. We feel good about many retailers wanting to kind of lean in. We also think that consumers will find creative and safe ways to trick-or-treat. It is an outdoor event, and it's an event where a lot of masks are already worn. There is no evidence of the virus being passed through packaging or food. So we feel pretty good based on what we're seeing so far from a consumer feedback, but if trick-or-treat tends to be a little lower than expectation, clearly, we will focus even more on to treat for me and the candy ball occasion. So you already know that we shifted some of our portfolio to more everyday packaging to protect the downside should Halloween sales be a little bit later to really manage that liability. So at this point in time, based on what we're seeing, we feel pretty good. From a holiday perspective, we do have an early read on the holiday. We have started producing product. At this time, we don't really see seasonal participation being significantly impacted, and a lot of that is due to the fact that many holiday occasions and consumption is actually at home. So we think that will be less likely to be disrupted, but obviously, we will continue to monitor that closely -- to work closely with our retailers as we have with Halloween.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Steve. During a time of extraordinary changes and challenges this quarter, our teams responded with agility and executed well against factors within our control. We have balanced delivering today with making calculated investments that we believe will enable us to emerge even stronger after the pandemic. In times of risk and crisis, cultures are either strengthened or weakened. Hershey has come together and thrived as a team, committed to serving our consumers and our communities. Our purpose and commitment to operating sustainably and responsibly continues to move us forward. Last month, we released our 2019 sustainability report that highlights some of the great progress we have made in this space, as well as some of our key priorities for the future. I encourage you to go to our website and take a look. In addition to the sustainability report, you will also find information on some of our more recent actions and pledges. Let me take a minute to discuss two that are top of mind related to recent events. We have long supported our communities and given the unprecedented need many are facing right now, we have amplified these efforts. In addition to increasing our product and monetary donations, we have invested in our own mask production line to service our employees, their families and our communities. Second, for many years, we have pursued a vision of building a more diverse and inclusive company. We have been recognized for our progress, including being named the top food company for diversity by Diversity Inc. Recently, we initiated a company-wide dialogue to listen, learn and grow together. Through that dialogue, we have seen the very best of our Hershey culture, and a genuine desire to do more in the fight against systemic racism. We announced a set of initiatives to support Black and Brown communities and accelerate increasing Black and Brown representation and internal development at Hershey and amongst our key partners to promote social and economic progress. We believe these initiatives will help address the need for meaningful, long-term change in our society, and include evolving our approach to recruiting, talent development, training and reporting, as well as pledging monetary donations to organizations to actively fight systematic racism. To close, we believe Hershey is well positioned to adapt and succeed over the long term. We have scale brands in growing categories that consumers love and trust, we have a highly efficient, yet agile, supply chain that we are investing in for the future, we have advantaged capabilities in analytics, media, category management and sales, that we believe position us well to drive profitable growth in the future, and we have a team that is dedicated to our purpose of making more moments of goodness. We remain confident and committed to our long-term strategies and financial targets. With that, we conclude our prepared remarks this morning. Thank you for your time this morning. I invite you to listen to our live question-and-answer webcast, which will begin today at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, and will be available at thehersheycompany.com. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes. So inventory was about 1.5 point to 2 point headwind on our first half growth, and there were really a couple of factors that drove that. Part of it is, as you recall last year, we had a build of inventory as retailers were perhaps anticipating a price increase. So the lap from that creates part of that. Secondly, we were depleting inventory as a result of consumer stock-ups and the acceleration that we saw in takeaway across our portfolio. So we've been working really hard and had very strong customer service levels versus the industry. But yet, we've still been continuing to replenish to kind of catch up with that accelerated demand. And then, the third factor that really falls into that equation is non-measured channel softness. We've talked to you about owned retail locations, world travel retail, the foodservice, some of those businesses that don't show up in measured happen to be the same ones where we have some of the greatest softness. So the -- so the Halloween piece is not really a factor in that inventory piece. It is much more around the everyday businesses on the non-measured channel.
Michele Buck: So first of all, as we look at the promotional pricing that you see as you look at some of the retail scanner data, we do not believe that data is correct. There is a lot less auditing going on during this time than previously. So the biggest issue we think there is we think simply the data is just not correct. We are continuing to see the kind of promotional activity that we had planned in the second quarter behind Smores, Twizzlers, our Reese's In and Out lever promotion. And going forward, we feel good about the promotional plans that we have in the back half of the year with our retail partners.
Michele Buck: No. I mean, we remain committed to the pricing strategy that we've discussed with all of you before, and that's really behind smaller more frequent price increases. While we have price each of the last two years, that certainly doesn't mean within our strategy that we have plans to price every single year. We really take a strategic approach where we look at opportunities across the portfolio. Right now, all of our pricing initiatives remain on track, and we continue to think that we're going to see price realization in the second half. But as you know, we have several different levers that we rely on to drive the business. Pricing is one of those, but brand investment, key retailer initiatives, innovation, merchandising and new capabilities, that balanced portfolio levers to drive growth is something we really believe in, and we think that that's very important. So we take a lot of variables into consideration when we decide, what to price, when to price, how to price, and we will be consistent with the stated strategy going forward.
Michele Buck: Yes. So relative to pricing, our plans were not impacted or changed for the year. It is correct that we have a third in portfolio that wasn't priced in those actions, but we did not change our plans throughout the year on pricing. So we just continue to look across and decide when and what and Halloween was the right time. Relative to Mexico, we certainly have seen big disruptions in that market. And I would say -- I wouldn't put it as much certainly -- there are certainly pockets of Mexico where there are economic issues, but the biggest factor in Mexico has really been the trade, the spread of the virus and then the shutdown of key elements of the trade specifically, the wholesaler network, distributor network where we have about 50% of our business. And so, it was really the trade shutdown that impacted our business in Mexico.
Michele Buck: I think that we have been appropriately conservative. I think we have partnered with our retailers. So we've utilized that visibility. We've taken into account what we think the category will be. And importantly, we've also taken into account what we believe our market share of the category will be based on recent performance and what's happening in the marketplace right now. So I think if we see pressures in Halloween, that's probably going to show up more toward Q4 than Q3 as it will be at that -- those end periods post the holiday relative to sell-through at that point in time.
Michele Buck: Yes. Absolutely. I guess, I'd start by saying, even pre-COVID, we had very good momentum in both takeaway and market share starting last year. And we really attribute that to the balanced activation plan and great execution that we had even then, which was a good -- I think the right balance across advertising, distribution, pricing, seasons and innovation, kinds of that suite of levers that we have. Obviously, since COVID, as you mentioned, our team has really stepped up relative to execution keeping product on shelf, while there were some struggles among some other competitors in the marketplace. And certainly, we do know some competitors also begin to rationalize SKUs to simplify their portfolios. So we do believe that the recent share performance is likely to persist for several more months. And while we do think that huge game that we're seeing is likely to revert next year as we lap the strengths, we do believe that some of the gains will remain in the long term and sustain.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we had already really embarked upon SKU rationalization program really over the past two, 2.5 years. So we had pretty aggressively taken a look across our portfolio and made a lot of those cuts. So at this point in time, we're feeling pretty good about where we are. I don't see a major program. Obviously, it's always an ongoing focus to optimize and to cut some of the small things, but the biggest steps we had already taken previously.
Michele Buck: Snack cake. Yes. So we have seen some similarity, some crossover in terms of candy and snack cake consumption. They both have some similar traits in terms of really hitting the kind of the treat sweet tooth and filling certain needs for consumers that are similar. So I think we have seen some of that crossover certainly from consumers.
Michele Buck: So we haven't really seen any material changes in July versus our trends. So there are some geographic differences, just given the big differential across geographies as a result of COVID. So now, I would say we're feeling good about what we continue to see. And market share is pretty consistent though. In terms of our market share performance, I would say we're feeling pretty good in terms of continuation of that trend.
Michele Buck: Yes. And we certainly -- those are some of the benefits that I think you don't always see immediately because you have planogram timing, etc., to realize those benefits. So some of those benefits, I think, we started to see in June and that might be what's driving some of our continued trends -- positive trends in July.
Michele Buck: Well, Halloween, we've said previously, is about 10% of our full-year business. Certainly, seasons are higher in the second half than they are in the first half because Valentine's is our smallest holiday. So you really have Easter as a big one in the first half. We don't really want to get into some of the specifics by quarter. But I would say that the season's impact is definitely bigger in the second half than the first half.
Michele Buck: I think your math is generally correct. I can't argue with the math. The one thing I would say is you're speaking specifically to measured channels, and you need to remember the impact of non-measured channels, owned retail, foodservice, air travel, world travel retail, which is airline and the trends on those businesses as that does -- that has been as we've shared the biggest hit in our business. So while those channels are certainly not shut down like they were in Q2, they're in the recovery mode. And the recovery mode is definitely going to be a slow uptick.
Michele Buck: I mean, I think SG&A is clearly an area that we're expecting that how much we need to spend will change permanently over time. So I think that piece, yes. I think on the marketing expenses, it's a little bit different. Certainly, some of our pullbacks were as a result of certain businesses like refreshment that were down 40%. We just didn't think it made sense to be spending into that. Then, part of what we were able to do was to leverage the fact that a lot of advertisers dropped out of the marketplace and as a result, the costs of media were less than we had planned them to be. And so, we were able to have a nice outcome there. As advertisers come back into the marketplace, some of that pricing benefit is not going to be available anymore. So while there may be some ongoing efficiencies and we are always looking to tighten our data knowledge and have capabilities around media since we are big spenders to get more for our money, and we're always building capability to take it to the next level. There were some unique circumstances there as well.
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I think the confidence drivers are orders in hand. Some of the dynamics that exist around the fact that only half of that Halloween volume is trick-or-treat. The fact that the trick-or-treat behavior is outdoor. People do wear masks. So as we get closer, we're feeling good about that. Now obviously -- certainly, we didn't provide official guidance in the back half of the year. And there is uncertainty and volatility overall given the virus, but based on everything that we know and the visibility we have and with every day we get closer, we feel that we've taken an appropriate look at what we think can happen and have really factored that into our outlook as best possible. We've mitigated some of the downside risks with the everyday portfolio versus all the Halloween packaging. Steve, anything you would like --
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I think that's generally correct. We are seeing a rebound in convenience stores as people are out and about more. And I think also as some people are choosing not to travel via air, but do vacations that are more driving vacation, so I think that's helping as well. So yes, I think certainly instant consumable and that class of trade are helping the business. We're also seeing instant consumable strong and strength in other classes of trade as people have returned more now to grocery stores and trips and shopping. So the strength is not just in convenience stores. So that is helping our margin mix.
Michele Buck: Yes. That is fair. It has definitely -- we're seeing growth on the instant consumable piece of the business and again, I think a lot of that due to more traffic in those channels.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, we have continued to see our category and our business perform really well in e-commerce and seen that growth accelerate. So in the second quarter, we saw a growth of 200% on our e-commerce business, and that was really driven by strengths, both in the click-and-collect kind of pickup and in delivery fulfillment models. So, we saw growth across the board there. You're right that we tend to have a little bit of a softer business during the hottest months in the summer, but we're continuing to see that pretty strong growth even throughout June. So I think just the trends are bolstering that. And that growth, importantly, we're seeing across every piece of the business is a seasoned take-home and instant consumables. So in the past, we've spoken about e-commerce being roughly 2% of our business, and we believe that this channel by end of year could approximate about 5% of our total company sales, so definitely seeing a lot of strength there. When it comes to marketing mix, certainly, we're seeing efficiencies that we're going to realize in the back half in that TV class of trade. So it continues to be a really viable for a place for us to put money, given the very high household penetration on our business, and the sheer number of eyeballs that you can reach on TV is very efficient. And as we look to digital and the pullback on Facebook, we see taking those funds that were in Facebook and redirecting them still back into other digital media venues. So that -- those dollars will stay in digital, but just on other platforms like YouTube, for example.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we are gaining market share across most of our international markets. So we feel great about that. The weakness that we're seeing is really driven either by the COVID-related shutdowns in most of the markets, government-restricted shutdowns and especially in a lot of those developing markets. And in some markets, the economic impact of that, that impacts the category, but we feel great that we're winning share across most of those markets. So I don't think that we will slip relative to our strategic emphasis. We are still committed to what we want to get achieved in those markets. We still believe in the long-term potential on those markets. So we are pulling back on a temporary basis just consistent with where the business is, but continuing our focus on all of our key initiatives to win long term in those markets.
Michele Buck: We consider a lot of factors as we're trying to decide how to think about how and when to price. So as it comes to recessionary times, over the past, we've seen that our category tends to have less of the highs and lows that some other categories have, because we are an affordable luxury, so at times, when people need to cut back on other categories. So I -- we will continue to just evaluate all the different factors for when, how, on what we will take pricing. But we aren't particularly concerned that we can't price in recessionary times. We have done that at the point in the past.
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, we are expecting based on our partnerships with retailers, very strong in-store support for Halloween with most of our retailers. We partner with every retailer, and each retailer has their own strategy in terms of how much they support the holiday. And so, I think in general, most of them are continuing to lean in to anticipate and drive to a very strong Halloween. And we believe that given our ability to execute during this time and some of the -- you've seen the results of that on the share in the marketplace, we certainly think that even our performance within the category for Halloween should be quite strong.
Michele Buck: Yes. So the first thing we're doing is trying to make sure that we ensure sell-through, which is something we always do, which is having the right merchandising, getting product on the floor as early as possible and leveraging media investment to remind consumers, excite consumers about the holiday. Then post-sell-through, there is always a markdown period that occurs based on how much product actually sells through, both in total as well as you have to get the mix right across each piece of the portfolio. And so, every year as we build our plans, we plan for that, and this year is no different. We planned for that. So we tried to mitigate our risk by -- as we look at the trick-or-treat portion of the portfolio pulling back on seasonal packaging, having more every day, so that's one -- another lever we used and then, really working through the markdown plan.
Michele Buck: So I would say we already did that. A few years back, we took a look at our innovation strategy and really streamlined and focused on sustainability, and that really did lead to not having that 150th new innovation, but really being very real about a focus on sustainability that would lead to the greatest profitability and top line for us. So, we're not really making any changes related to COVID, but I feel really good about the work that we did a couple of years ago, changing our innovation strategy to make sure that we really did have that focus. Across the balance levers, innovation is one of five or six levers, if not the lever.
Michele Buck: Yes. So I guess, I would say there is nothing that I would say is a big fundamental shift to our business model. There are some changes. So for example, e-commerce, the acceleration in e-commerce is here to stay where consumers are in terms of household penetration of people buying online is where we thought it would be maybe five years from now. So to some degree, that is a shift because e-commerce is a little more than a channel. It's almost the business model as well. So fortunately, a few years back, we had invested to build capability in e-commerce, and I feel really good that we were set up to be able to take advantage of that, but we are taking some further steps internally to develop e-commerce to really now be one of our mainstream channels versus before it was kind of I'd say in the growth development phase. There are other consumer trends, things like cocooning and people staying at home, the importance of value on the short term, some of those trends that we are making some changes to adapt to, but we always change -- adapt to ever-changing consumer trend. So I wouldn't really call those out as business model changes. And then, certainly, there will be some changes in terms of how we work in terms of some people working more from home, the ability to have people working remotely, potentially a shift to suburban and rural settings, which actually can be a strength for us. But I would say, e-commerce is probably what I would put in the -- in one of the bigger shifts like that. Steve, is there anything you would...
Michele Buck: I mean, first of all, based on seasons, I would say not something that I'd be worried about at this point in time, given the results that we saw on Easter, which was really in a peak period of people being told not to go to grocery stores, and we still had a pretty decent Easter. I mean obviously, we will all learn more as we go through every one of these, but at this point in time, I don't see a major business model shift needing to come from that. And I would say from a refreshment perspective, yes, people will be working from home, but people are also going to be going out and they're going to be out in about doing things, I think, more so. There could be some -- I'm going to say more shifts as there always are in portfolio relative to people baking more, people doing one thing or the other more, but not that I think -- I really think about as a massive business model shift.
Michele Buck: All right. So it's Michele. I just want to thank you all for joining us this morning. As you know, this was a new format for us, and I hope that you found it helpful. Let me close with some very brief remarks. Over the years, our great brands, our advantaged margin structure and our consumer-centric strategies have enabled us to navigate volatile environments and consistently deliver strong stockholder returns. We take great pride in our passion to create new ideas, innovation and ways to connect consumers to continue to make moments of goodness in their lives. With our relentless focus on the consumer, an adaptive operating model and our remarkable team of people, we are confident that we can once again respond to the changes in the marketplace to deliver growth and unlock long-term value for our stockholders. Melissa, we'll be available after the call to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you very much. Stay safe and have a great day.
Steve Voskuil: So yes, I -- here we're going to -- we look at revenue management all the time. And so, driving trade efficiency is part of the base plan, but as Michele said, the outsized impact that we saw in the second quarter was really more data issue. We were out in stores, Smores were out; Twizzlers were out, so we had quite a bit of promotion.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I'd be happy to take that. You're quite right. Q2 turned out to be more favorable from a margin standpoint than we expected going in. While we had incentives, some of those incentives were less than what we had expected for the quarter. Insurance costs that we had expected for the second quarter came out more favorably. We talked on the last call about productivity, and productivity being a risk for the quarter and in fact, the productivity goals in manufacturing were still achieved. Probably, the lingering piece, PPE and cleaning costs, that will continue. So we kind of take Q2 and look to the future, obviously the incentives based on everything we know today are about returning. Productivity, we expect to continue along with our full-year plan. PP&E is not a big cost in the quarter, so I think $3 million, $4 million a quarter as a benchmark. We will continue to drive SG&A savings both at the corporate level with travel and meetings, as well as at the division level. And then, as you said, we're going to spend a little bit more back from a DME standpoint. So while we had an opportunity in Q2 to optimize, probably optimize a little bit more than we had expected. We are going to invest back more behind the brands as we get to the back half of the year, so -- and a little bit less pricing benefit as well. We've had a lot of pricing benefit across the first half. As we lap now, that will also start to come off. So those are the big drivers. That's the reason, again not giving specific guidance, but expecting some margin acceleration in the back half.
Steve Voskuil: And meanwhile, some of the new innovations that we brought to market that you have done quite well. So where we brought in new SKUs, whether it was Kit Kat Birthday or Take 5.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I agree. Certainly on the pricing for some of the media exposure that came down, that was a big benefit. I think we did benefit from tools and investments we made around marketing efficiencies and driving ROI and optimizing. We haven't talked as much about some of those tools, tools both on trade efficiency, but also marketing spend efficiency. And those tools allowed us also to be more agile as things evolved quickly. And so, that part is something we'll look to leverage further in the future.
Steve Voskuil: No. I agree. I think for the things we can see and certainly, the things we can control, we're optimistic, but part of the reason for not providing more specific guidance is, there are things we can't control and probably can't see. And for those reasons, there still is potential variability in the back half, but everything we can see gives us a plenty of confidence.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, probably on the order of – for the gross margin somewhere between $15 million and $20 million of COVID-related costs. Again, we had predicted it might be more than that. In fact, it came out less. As we go forward in the rest of the year, the biggest piece that will stick around is going to be that personal protective equipment, cleaning costs and so, if I take that $15 million to $20 million, think about maybe a third or a quarter becomes sticky to the back half.
Steve Voskuil: Our international team does a great job of looking to optimize their P&L and cost structure on an ongoing basis. And certainly, the new opportunity here is that business, I think, curtailed in some markets, has shown even further potential there, but I think to Michele's earlier point, the strategic priority of international hasn't changed. And so, we want to continue to appropriately invest behind those businesses to unlock the long-term growth that we believe is there. But to your point, certainly, we will never waste the crisis in terms of looking at every possible way to be efficient with P&L.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. The progress that we made in the second quarter, we said from the travel and meetings standpoint was actually better than we expected going into the quarter. And given everything we see today, business has not returned to whatever normal was. And so, we expect in the back half, we're going to see those savings continue. As I think about the second quarter, we saw probably $20 million, $15 million to $20 million of opportunity across all of those areas. And I would expect to see something like that, maybe a little bit less, but something like that in the back half as well. And beyond that, that was really the biggest driver from a corporate cost standpoint.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Just -- if I turn the question around, I would say COVID has also shown us places where we have strengths through this and having the agility in our supply chain, the retail execution capability, as Michele said, the digital investments, the agile investment approach, I think those are things that we've learned are even stronger in this kind of environment.
