Humberto Alfonso: Yes. Probably, we'll not comment so much on next year. It's a little premature for us during the mid-year to talk a lot about 2011. But what we did say is that our gross margin expansion was a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be, and some of that clearly comes from the better volumes. So that's giving us a better absorption rate to our factories. We've also had some lower markdowns. And that's helped as our seasonal sales have been better. And clearly, what we are seeing is a continuation of good productivity with our normal continuous improvement programs, but the second quarter, in particular, benefited from some of the productivity that we talked about at CAGNY. At CAGNY, we talked about realizing $80 million to about $100 million over the next two to three years, primarily in non-packaging and non-raw material areas. And so that includes logistics and other services, and we've had more traction on that in the second quarter than we expected. And so that's coming in a little bit faster in the year and giving us a better gross margin year-to-date. In the back half, one thing we wanted to be clear on is that we do continue to expect gross margin to expand in Q3 and Q4, and obviously for the year, but it would not be at the rates that we've seen in the first half of the year. With respect to commodities, we did mention that commodity increases do happen throughout the year. If you recall the first quarter call, we actually had a favorable commodity in terms of the way we accounted for dairy one year versus another, but we've seen commodity increases in the second quarter versus last year and that continues throughout the year and certainly dairy is one component of that, that continues. In terms of the cocoa news that you've seen, obviously, we followed very closely. We think it's unusual. Obviously, a very large purchase of beans by a hedge fund that otherwise would normally purchase financial products versus the commodity itself. Our commodities remain very volatile right now and we're starting to gain some visibility towards 2011, and we'll certainly be providing more information on that as the year progresses.
Humberto Alfonso: No, we didn't make a specific comment on cash flow. With respect to -- what we did say was we gained for another quarter on working capital, a little bit slower rate than what we had the last time around. Our cash flow continues to be very strong. I think if you compare it period-on-period, our cash flow was about flat versus last year's second quarter and a little bit down from the year end.
Humberto Alfonso: That's correct. As you know, if you look at the pattern, we've really been improving cash flow for the better part of the last two and a half years. And we continue to have gains this quarter. Last quarter, I think our gains were somewhere in the $50 million to $60 million range. And in this past quarter, I think I mentioned it was about $16 million. So we continue to make progress there of taking out the inventory, as Global Supply Chain Transformation allowed us to operate a fewer facilities. So cash flow remains very positive for the organization, and the difference that you are seeing is a slowing on the working capital improvement.
Humberto Alfonso: I think that's probably right in terms of for those years specifically. If you look at Project Next Century, clearly the heavier CapEx and restructuring charges are going to come some in '10, and we mentioned there are about $55 million of CapEx in 2010 for Project Next Century. And then we're going to be spending about 250 or so total for that project. So you will see some impact from that in the next couple of years. The savings kick in later. And the progress, so of the $60 million to $80 million that we talked about in terms of savings, you'll really start to see that in '12 and '13. So there is a period where cash flow will be a little bit lower than it probably has been in the last couple of years. Having said that, we think that that's the base cash flow generation capability of the organization, which in any given year is $500 million to $700 million prior to CapEx and dividends will continue to be the case. And we do see that increasing as the top line grows and as the peak in CapEx upsize over the next 18 to 24 months.
Humberto Alfonso: We have $100 million outstanding and that was part of the $500 million program that was approved toward the end of 2006. With a lot of the volatility that occurred sort of through '08 and '09, we have not executed against that $100 million. We did buyback about $130 million of shares in the open market in the first six most of this year. And it's our normal practice to buyback extra size stock options to avoid that dilution. So we still have $100 million, it's topic for our board discussion going forward. And our cash continues to build and as I said, I think we have well on hand the capital requirements and the severance requirements for Next Century. Certainly, dividend increases and buybacks are a topic that we will bring forward and discuss with the board.
David West: You said the Mars, Hershey combination. I hope you meant the Mars, Wrigley combination because no one told me about that this morning. I would have probably would have filed an 8-K and I would've known. With respect to Mars, Wrigley and actually within the category, I think what you're seeing is increases in innovation, particularly you're seeing some of the competitors in chocolate, some of the other competitors in chocolate are a little more focused on some in-and-out type innovation. We are at focus a little bit more on permanent items, but within the chocolate part of the business we're seeing a little bit more innovation. And then in gum, between Cadbury and Wrigley, there is some innovation and some pretty good activity there. So we are seeing innovation pickup. I mean, we believe overall that's helping drive category growth rate in some of the volume in the category. As we look to the rest of the year, it becomes a seasonal -- seasons become a larger part of the equation and it's a destination category across -- but everybody in the category tends to benefit from the destination nature of Halloween and holiday. So our overall, we're seeing good gross margin expansion, we're seeing volume in the category, we're seeing better-than-historical category growth rates. So right now, we feel pretty good about how the category overall is positioned and most of the majors are holding their own and enjoying some pretty good growth.
David West: What we saw actually in the second quarter for the first time in pretty close to two years, I don't give or take, but let's call it the last couple of years, we did see a little bit of growth in the premium segment of the market, kind of mid-single-digit growth for the first time in this quarter. The Trade Up segment was down a little bit actually in the quarter, but Premium was actually up some. So you're starting to see some, at least on some moderation in the Premium and the Trade Up segments. But most of the growth and most of the attention from the retailer and consumer remains in the mainstream segment. So from a programming standpoint and the actual current investment, you're seeing us really focus on mainstream right now, because we think that's where the bang to the bucket and that's where consumers and retailers are going. That doesn't mean that we're not working in our pipeline and in innovation on the Premium segment. We just don't think now is a particularly good time to be launching and investing behind that segment.
David West: I'm not going to comment, Eric, on pricing. As we look out into the future. We have built very good -- You're correct. We built very good analytical model. We have just worked our way through the August 2008 increase. And we're driving pretty good gross margin expansion and now starting to get volume back to the factory, which is a virtuous thing. I think right now, we're pleased with how the category is growing and the kind of attention that we're getting from consumers and retailers. So we monitor commodities. We are hedged anywhere from three to 24 months out, but I'm not going to speculate on what pricing may or not may happen in the market is not appropriate.
David West: Let me just give you some background. I mean, we bought that business and went into the joint venture in 2007 at a time when marketplace expectations on a number of fronts, including overall market growth rates, commodity markets, financial markets. We're at a very different place. And so as I think about when we set the initial assumptions for evaluation of that business, we set it up at a time in 2007 when I think there are a lot of frothy expectations around a number of things. Our key expectations of that business -- the two areas, I think the two biggest is where we fall in short from a marketplace standpoint was the brand themselves where and still are to a large extent, it's sugar confectionery brands, household names. In certain regions, we are expecting to get national a lot more quickly distribution-wise. And then the other thing is we were hoping through innovation to get to higher price points, by giving the consumer innovations. So moving off of the half a rupee price point and our rupee price point and up. And given some of the macroeconomic issues that proved to be a little bit harder than we initially expected. And then when you layer in on top of that the poor Indian sugar crop over the last 18 months, those three factors, I think, were where we missed in the model. The business is still growing. We're starting to see our plans in terms of getting the cost structure right, and the commodity market coming back. So while we're short of the initial expectations and the timeframe they were set, it still remains a growth market for us but I wouldn't read in anything competitively. Again, it's in the sugar confectionery part of the marketplace, not where Cadbury would have a strong chocolate position per se. So I would say it's a little bit more about how we set expectations for the business and we're able to execute. And I would say that that's not necessarily a marketplace phenomenon. It was more our inability to get some certain of the assumptions done.
David West: Yes, Judy. Let me remind you -- let me just give a little setting of the stage. If you remember back in the first quarter, we actually had trade promotion rate below prior year. So we actually had two to three points of growth in the first quarter net sales that were related to having lower trade promotion rates. In the second quarter, our trade promotion rate versus year ago was roughly flat. And so we weren't lower, but it was better than our expectations going into the quarter. So for the first half, we have better trade promotion efficiency. As we get into the back part of the year, we're looking for -- that's probably not going to be the case. And if you think about it, it makes some sense because the second half of the year for us is much more merchandising intensive given the seasonal nature of the business. So I think what you're seeing from us, realistically, is we are investing in new items and were investing in our existing core brands with advertising. So our base velocities are increasing. And so when you look at the mix of base versus promoted, you're seeing us do a much better job with base and therefore on a relative basis, not as much promoted. And so I think that's one of the things in the category. And then the other thing is the category. Because it is such a destination category, we're going to continue to get good merchandising. And that's just a factor where that historically of it, the retailer knows that it's a consumer destination and we're going to get our level of display. And so I think it's just one of those virtues of the category.
David West: Yes, it's interesting. I think if you dive in under the numbers, the base volume trend is actually about the same throughout the year. In the first quarter, we were up roughly 14% on the top line. We said half of that was price-related, so it's less price plus the trade promotion efficiency and a little bit of foreign exchange. So seven of the 14 then we realistically had in the first quarter, 7% volume. 2% of it is was a shift from '09 into '10 related to seasons. And then we got new products and base velocities that added up to about 5%. So our new products were a couple of points and base velocity is around 3%. That was the first quarter. Here the second quarter, we're up roughly 5%. Trade efficiency and foreign exchange add a point or two. And so when you look at base velocities, it's again around 3% to 4%. And we shipped a little less Halloween in the second quarter than we normally would, so base velocity between the new items are still that roughly 3% to 4%, same as they would have been in the first quarter. And then if you look at the second half of year, we don't expect to get any of the trade promotion or pricing efficiency that we got in the first half. We're talking about being close to the top end of our 3% to 5% long-term range for the back half of the year. So that would imply, again, the same kind of 4% to 5% from base volume in new items. Remember, we have the two new items in the back part of year on pipeline, which will be the Reese's Mini Minis and the Hershey's Drop. So I think throughout the year, you're going to see similar volume trends facing you across the balance of the year. And then the difference really is in the first half. We got better pricing trade efficiency.
David West: We are investing in capabilities. Beyond simply the investing in the core and the advertising, we're investing in insight-driven performance, which is a new way to think about the category and drive insights and create some intellectual property. We're starting to do some experimentation in the investment in digital media. We continue to invest in go-to-market capabilities in the U.S. Retail coverage expansion, and go-to-market capabilities in some of the other international markets. So we're investing in core confectionery in a meaningful way, in capability building beyond just advertising. We remain a good generator of cash. We've been very clear that we'd like to invest that cash in M&A in a very disciplined way. And as assets come up, we will certainly continue to look at them and that's the way that we think we can continue to create value. I think we're very pleased that we continue to see very good returns on the investments that we've made in the core. And we see a lot more runway there so we're pleased with that, but we're not content with that only. We are looking at other avenues.
David West: I mean, if you think about it, our first quarter FDMxC, so food, drug, mass x Wal-Mart convenience, our first quarter growth there was about 6%. And when you look at it all in, FDMxCW, it was 7.5%. Again, that's the last quarter when we have price realization in those numbers. In the second quarter, FDMxC was 4.1% and then the kind of all in number, FDMxCW was 4%. So the category was a little slower in the second quarter than in the first and we didn't get any pricing, but still 4% for us. Pretty good. Those are our growth rates, I'm sorry, not the category. So overall for the first half, we're up 5% FDMxC and 5.7% FDMxCW. So you did see a bit of a slowdown in the overall math kind of customers in the second quarter. Food grew very nicely, so I think as you listen to the conference calls and other talk out there in the market, there seems to be a little bit of a shift back towards food and closer to home shopping a little bit more of the traditional pattern. Convenience store trips were up. As the quarter went on, we saw a nice improvement in convenience store traffic through the quarter. And then I think our Drugstore business is improving albeit slowly. So I think overall, that there was probably a little bit of a shift and it's consistent with what you would read externally in the news about kind of some of the traffic moving from mass and food being up a little bit. Convenience continues to look good. And then the drug and the club store, the dollar in club classes of trade continue to be very good. Our relationships at the major mass retailers continue to be very good. We did win an award at Wal-Mart for one of the more toward adding value to the consumer within. So we feel good about the relationships and overall the category growth rates still remains pretty good.
David West: Yes. I mean, non-chocolate is growing. We've actually invested very nicely behind the Twizzlers brand and that has responded very well. We do believe that there continues to be growth in non-chocolate as well as well as in chocolate. As we go through the rest of year, one of the things we're doing here is getting to continuity advertising on a number of other brands. You start advertising on the refreshment brand, the Ice Breaker [Ice Breakers] brand in the second quarter here. We're looking at adding potentially another brand, but I don't want to talk about which ones that we would add as the year goes on. But there is room for growth there, it's growing very nicely. And so we will continue to invest there. Twizzlers is the one that's gotten the most investment right now.
David West: Let me characterize it in kind of two different ways. Our first half sales growth rate is close to 10%. And we think that's reflective of really kind of getting fairly strong and aggressive in terms of our advertising spend in the latter part of last year. But particularly heavying up on some brands like Reese's and Kit Kat late in the year. Getting prepared, doing the preproduction work on brands like Pieces, Almond Joy, Mounds and York, and getting them on air right out of the gate in January of this year. So we think that leaning in to the advertising spend in the back half of last year is a large reason why we've been able to grow strongly in the first half of this year. And so we originally when we started the year, we're looking at growth rates on the top line within our the historical 3% to 5% rate. We're now closer to something around 7%. So if you think about the upside, which has really occurred here in the first half and then as we look to the rest of the year to the higher range of the 5%, we think that's really a lot about the way we've invested in the brand, the new brands particularly. And so as we've generated that favorability, if you will, if you think about the difference between the original 3% to 5% and about 7%, a lot of that would essentially have fallen through because our EPS when we started thinking about the year was in the 6% to 8% range. And now we're in the mid-teens range. What is a little bit more virtuous to us is the fact that not only have we gotten that top line, we've also got the productivity gains and a little bit more trade promotion efficiencies faster. So we've been very favorable in the gross margin versus our initial expectations in the first half, and what we're doing with that favorability is investing it. So the top line favorability if you think about it, let's say, it's fallen through but the gross margin favorability we've decided. We've got gross margin favorability in the first half, we're investing it in SM&A programming in the second half with the belief that we're still getting good ROI on our marketing spend. And therefore, as you continue to virtually circle and help up us get cold 10 facts and get off to a good start on the top line in '11, we're going to go heavier getting towards continuity programming on a lot of the brands we're already on. So some of the brands we started such as the York and Mounds and Almond Joy, looking at the copy on some other brands starting digital and getting from international spending going here in the latter part of the year, we're getting to those continuity levels on those brands a lot faster. So as I said in my remarks, as we look forward into next year, you should see a much more normalized level because we've gotten a lot of the brands on air and to continuity levels a lot faster. But we think at this point in time, it's the right time to do it. At the time when the consumer is looking towards our category for value and some indulgence and when retailers are looking forward to us because we have a relatively attractive entry price points and we're a destination category, we think it's the right time for us to invest into the brand. And so far, so good. We are seeing good ROIs and so we think it's the appropriate thing to do.
David West: I think, if you think about what we did in the drug channel back in 2004, '05, '06 even into '07 and what our business model was, our business model was based on distribution growth and variety, in and out type products. That was our business model. And we were very effective in the drug class of trade in those years. They embrace that business model, and then when we kind of step back and relook at the business model and went much more towards a poor-oriented advertising based system, that didn't match up as well with their go-to-market strategy. And so while we got great traction in some other places as we move more towards the full strategy, the one class of trade where our business model was out of step with what they were trying to do within drug. We took a period of correction as we took a lot of items out of the system and have managed our way through that. There's also a class of trade where we don't have retail coverage, so it's a little hard for us to correct for the new business model and get the retail right as quickly as we normally would've like to. We still have very good relationships. These are large customers. It's turning sequentially for us. We're feeling good about the direction we're headed in. But it's just was the one class of trade where I think it took us a little longer to get the new model in place.
David West: I think what we feel good about what we're doing is the way we're investing in the brands. We think we're getting brand awareness higher. We think we're getting our penetration rate higher on most of the brands in our portfolio. That's the long-term healthier situation for us to be in. Innovation is starting to be [ph] and a lot of the competitors are coming into the market with innovation, which we think because of the way the category works, it's an expandable category and the consumer has a number of brands that are acceptable to them on the menu. We think that those kind of things will expand the category. And so this is not a category because of the expandable on the way it gets merchandised. It's not a zero-some gain kind of a category. So we think that it is a way that we could see category growing at greater than historical 3% to 4% growth rates in the U.S. business. But again, everything is against a macroeconomic backdrop of consumer confidence as well as retailers. There's a lot of retail channel issues and blurring out there. And so it's not the most certain time in the world that we think what we're doing is the right investment. We continue to feel good, we set our long-term growth algorithms back in the middle of '08 at 3% to 5% and 6% to 8%. That was against very volatile commodity backdrop as well as a very volatile macroeconomic environment. That hasn't really changed. So we've been pretty transparent about our ability in the short term to be ahead of those numbers, and will continue to be very transparent about that over the long term. And I think there will be a time that we'll get a little more clarity here, as we head towards 2011 and beyond to give a little bit more of certainty around our model.
David West: We have expanded to more retailers. We're also working very, very hard to build out a really, really robust capability set. We talked about it. We mentioned the Snacks and Sweets Expo in Chicago, which is a very large kind of U.S./global show where we talked to a number of customers about the sweetened [ph] capabilities. We are in the process of building out capabilities, learning how to do this and collaborate with customers. We have a number customers that we're testing with feeling good about the initial work, and we'll get some benefit from the upfront kind of pilot customers in '11 and it will be much more meaningful as you get to '12. But I think right now, one of the investments we're making in the back half here in the SM&A line will be around capabilities, insights and making sure that we're building them out. We're feeling good about progress. Obviously it's a long way to go, and we think we're building something pretty cutting-edge, so it's going to cost us a bit of time and money but we think it's absolutely the right thing to do.
David West: Let me try to put that in a couple of different bucket, and that's a good question and one that obviously we pay a lot of attention to internally. I mean, if you look at last couple of years, the one thing that hasn't changed is we continue to generate strong cash flow. And that's been something that's obviously helping us very much in the business. There has been some change in terms of the profile with respect to cash. And so I talked about the fact that we had about $250 million of cash on the balance sheet. Last year, in a pretty volatile economy, we chose to pay down short-term debt and we sort of pretty much gotten out of the commercial paper market at this stage. We did increase the dividend earlier in the year by 7.5%. And so going forward, we think there are a couple of ways with the board's counsel, we think about the cash. Certainly, one is the new Next Century requirements. And so there will be some requirements that wouldn't have been prior to that discussion in terms of capital and some of the cash requirements of Next Century. And we think we certainly have those well in hand. But given the level of cash flow that we generate, they've already talked about it. We do believe there could be M&A opportunities and we're actively trying to pursue some of those that could give us expansion into the geographic areas that we're already interested in. And so that certainly is on the list. And then as we build cash and the fact that we are out of the short-term debt market, questions around further dividend increases and maybe even buy backs is certainly on the agenda for the board and management discussions. So I think those are the major buckets to think about. And right now, we're very pleased with the continued good cash flow of the company. And we're very happy with the credit rating that we have and they give us the ability to have those types of flexibilities in those areas.
David West: I think I don't really want to engage in hypothetical kind of conversation around pricing or input price. I guess what I would say, Andrew, is the consumer remains kind of fragile. And it's tough out there to find volume. We're very pleased with the way we've gotten volume in the category here. And I think the good news for us is merchandising for us as a category kind of comes naturally because we are such a destination event seasonally throughout the year. So I think that's one of the things that makes us, maybe we're even a little bit of an outlier in terms of this conversation because we are such a destination category. One of the things that makes us so attractive is that we're going to get displayed just because it's what we're offering as a category. If you think about it is what retailers and consumers are looking for, a fairly attractive entry-level price point, a destination and event marketing. And those are the things, I think, that most retailers are trying to provide and most consumers are looking for in their shopping experience. So we're somewhat advantaged and we might be an outlier in the form of the conversation you're talk about, about how to drive merchandising and volume.
David West: I guess, what I would say is we took a pretty significant price increase back in August of '08 at the least. And we also saw a category promoted price points move up pretty strongly in 2009. Consumers have clearly started to adjust to those price points because you're seeing volume and the category come back at pretty good levels. So I think that the over arching dynamics here is that we are seeing volume in the category at what our higher than historical promoted price points. So as you go to the back part of the year as a destination category, there's going to be Halloween display. There's going to be holiday display. There's S'mores displays for our business, for example. Those are already destination events that are out there from a retailer perspective. So I think, again, the confectionery category because it is a unique destination category is already going to get that kind of display. Some retailers will make their own choices about what price points they may or may not want to go market within. I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment on the individual conversations about their go-to-market strategy. I think as I said in our remarks, we're pretty pleased about the kind of attention the category's getting from both retailers and consumers. We're investing in our brands behind that. I wouldn't want to comment on which specific retailer may or may not be doing it. It's really up to them and their go-to-market strategy.
David West: I think we've learned some things in India. As I said, I think from a timing perspective, it was when we bought that business and with our partner Godrej in 2007, we had a set of assumptions about some macroeconomic, some commodity assumptions and also when you think about valuation assumptions in '07, they're probably a little different than you might see today. So I wouldn't read into the impairment charge or anything other than with the business that's still growing, I think we've learned a lot since 2007, if you will about go-to-market capabilities. So since 2007, we've done some things in Brazil and in China on route to market and have some learning there. And we've also done some great learning I think in certain markets like Mexico, for example, and China about the consumer demand landscape and how that ought to work. So I think we have learned a lot since that acquisition itself. And that's clearly going to be applicable to how we think about growth of the markets around the distribution capabilities, innovation capabilities and the ability to get products to market. So I would say we have learned quite a bit and will apply it not only on the businesses we're ready in, but as we look at M&A in the future about how to think about valuation and modeling on the way in, so we'll be very disciplined about that. So that's the learning. With respect to IDP, as I've said, retailers have been very receptive to the conversations. I think the thing that we're the most pleased about is that we are building collaborative relationships with retailers. We're talking about data in a different way, sharing data in a different way than we would have in the past. Much more strategic in our mutual approaches to it. And really, trying to find the intersection between -- we talk about our consumers and retailers talk about the shoppers. They are one and the same. It's the same person. But when we talk about our consumer and they talk about their shopper, they have always tended to come out at much more on a trip mission basis and we've come out much more on a consumer demand landscape basis, and we're trying to marry those two things up. And I think what we've been very pleased with is as we start to exchange data, initially what we're finding is that there ways to win together. And actually kind of either satisfy unmet demand or be more efficient in the way that we are satisfying existing demand. So, so far so good.
David West: I think the pilots are underway now. They'll impact some customers and key customers in '11 and then the broader learning really comes for '12, I think. We have some capabilities and some tools to build out to affect more of the market than just the pilots.
David West: I think the biggest factor always on some levels, commodity prices and commodity fluctuations and volatility, David. And I'm not going to get into any kind of conversation around commodity one-year out, let alone three to five years out. What I will say is we've gotten great visibility into gross margin when we look in 2012 and '13 from the Project Next Century. So what you're seeing from a gross margin expansion standpoint right now is a lot of the Global Supply Chain Transformation has lifted the gross margin level on a systemic basis. And when get to Project Next Century and build that out in late '11, '12 and '13, you will also see the same kind of systemic lift. We're also starting to see some good expansion in our International business. That's not going to necessarily come at the same margin, and so that will always be a governor against what we're doing. But we've done things systemically that we think are pretty good in the supply chain. We are starting to also in the short-term here, capture some of the productivity that we talked about at CAGNY, which is kind of a non-raw material productivity, if you will. So we feel good about the programs, the continuous improvement programs and then some of the structural things going forward. They overlay obviously, that, that is commodity prices and commodity volatility and fluctuation. And again, just pretty immature to talk about any of that.
David West: David, you are correct. All I can say is we didn't buy that business. When we look at M&A, we talked pretty specifically about Asia and Latin America as being our focal areas. Obviously, Eastern Europe have some attractive emerging market kind of characteristics as well. We continue to look at places where we can add value. We're going to do it in a disciplined approach. But I think the focus areas for us are clearly Asia, Latin America and yes, Eastern Europe is interesting but it's not been the one that we'd certainly prioritize in front of Asia or Latin America.
David West: I think overall, if you want to go back to our IR website and look at some of the growth rates that we've talked about, growth rates by region, if you will, in our CAGNY presentation. I think overall, population growth as well as emerging increases in GDP, as GDP grows in economies, one of the first places consumers trade up into for themselves is in confectionery. And so, we would expect that as Asian markets and certain Latin American markets continued to kind of come up with GDP scale and the population scale, you're going to see greater growth there than you would in certainly, in North America. North America is tended to grow a little faster than Western Europe. So I don't think there's any surprise if you would expect to see growth rates in Latin America and certainly in Asia at much higher rates than in Western Europe and North America.
David West: Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available for any follow-up questions that you may have.
