Michele Buck: Thanks, Patricia. I remain confident in our strategies and I am excited about what we here at Hershey have ahead of us in 2019 as we look to drive a year of balanced growth. As we talked about, the marketplace continues to advance at an accelerated pace. I am optimistic that this change creates opportunities for us to engage with our consumers in new and innovative ways to unlock growth. As I mentioned at the top of our call, 2019 is our 125th anniversary, and it's an incredible time to be here at the company. Our remarkable employees are dedicated to delivering the best quality and the best experience for our consumers each and every day. That hasn't changed over the past century, and it will continue into the next. Patricia, Melissa, and I are now available to take your questions.
Michele Buck: So let me just start, Ken, and then I'll turn it over to Patricia for more details. The year did close in line with our expectations, and we know that as more data and analytics are available retailers are constantly looking in how they can optimize inventory levels as we all are, and we do expect that to continue into 2019, and those assumptions are built into our guidance, but I'll let Patricia give a little bit more detail around that.
Michele Buck: Yes, so the SKU rationalization is probably the bigger impact on the business and that's about a point in 2019 and that's about the same that it was in 2018.
Michele Buck: And then relative to the non-chocolate portfolio, I would say the impact will be similar in '19 versus '18 as you know the large proportion of our business is chocolate. So from a magnitude perspective, I think, that can give you a little bit of a feel of the size of that.
Michele Buck: Well, Andrew, yes, we feel really good about the plans and the activations we have this year. And I think what we feel great about is how balanced - how many different growth levers we think we're really pulling. So, as you know, as we mentioned, we expected to accelerate performance in our important North America market. However, that SKU rationalization is still impacting us at about that point, as I mentioned. And if you add that back in to where growth is, that really puts us smack dab in terms of where the long-term guidance is. So, the price increase, which will have a little bit of an impact. We feel good about the price increase, but we do anticipate a little bit of volume conversion, which as you know, based on history, you get a bigger volume impact, and then it works its way back up throughout the year. And we'll continue to see that little bit of softness as retailers continue to optimize inventory. And we feel great about the plans and the acceleration, but that SKU rat is really the biggest - kind of the biggest offset.
Michele Buck: Now, I feel confident that we've done a very solid job building this plan, and that we have all the right building blocks to deliver that growth and profit algorithm in the way that we've laid out. So I wouldn't say that it is a - I wouldn't say it's a more difficult task. I think we're excited about what we have to deliver that. I think our pricing is on track, so some of the levers that are going to deliver that are already in place. The Easter season which benefits us, pricing, we feel really good about the innovation that we have. So, we feel great about it.
Michele Buck: Yes, Rob, what I would say is I just think we've taken into account a lot of the varying factors going on in the marketplace in a better way than we ever have in the past, and have a strong plan.
Michele Buck: As we've seen over history, it really takes a period of time for our pricing to hit the marketplace because of the seasons which are sold in so far in advance, and then protecting promotional programs which are usually also about six months out commitments. So, that really would not normally hit till '19, that's when we're anticipating to hit. We've seen a little tiny bit of it show up already, but it'll build as we go throughout the year. So it's totally in line with expectations.
Michele Buck: And then, David, to follow-up on the second part of your question regarding the CFO search, it's on track. I have nothing to report at this time, but well, we'll know as soon as we make our announcement.
Michele Buck: Hey, John, it's Michele. So I'm going to kick off with some thoughts and Patricia will probably jump in as well. I think. Let me start with advertising. As you think about advertising, while we definitely look at a rate of spend as a percent of net sales, we are also very focused on our delivery of media impressions to the consumer. So if we look at the past year, our consumer impressions or media impressions on our chocolate brands were actually up over 3% for the full-year. So what we're constantly trying to do is optimize how we approach each of these line items to get even more efficient, sometimes we will increase the spending to get impact and other times we will go for efficiency. So, some of the ways we were able to do that we've continued to advance our media capabilities and gotten smarter about how we are targeting some of that media that's driven some of that we've increased the earned impression using that as a lever, which has helped us optimize the portfolio spend. And then also, we created this in-house content studio, which really let us take production costs down, which enables us to put more of that spend into media. So I would say for media, if you think about that, that's a good analogy to how we think about every item every one of our line items. As we look at trade promotion, we mentioned previously that one of our ERP application is a new trade promotion module that we think gives us better insight. Frankly, industry leading insight and that will enable us to get more both more effectiveness, more impact, but also hopefully more efficiency that helps to drive net price realization as well. And so, we are constantly looking at how we build those differentiated capabilities, e-commerce, and other place that we're looking to build those that. As the world has evolved, even though we value very much our retail force in bricks-and-mortar, and we constantly upgrade the skills there. We look at e-commerce as a new channel. And we've certainly invested a lot to build capability in that area, invested in new distribution capacity that we think we're bet we're investing in a balanced way while also trying to optimize within.
Michele Buck: Okay. Sure. So the real impetus was complexity that we were starting to see the complexity creating some challenges in gross margin, frankly. And so, it was really about simplification to drive that productivity through reducing merchants - merge units, assortments, some of our innovation et cetera.
Michele Buck: So relative to Easter, yes, about a half a point is how you should think about it. And Patricia, do you want to handle the…
Michele Buck: So our target when we set the target it was really set to ensure that we will be in the top core tile amongst our sector and that's really the goal and the intent of that EBIT margin target. We will always take a balanced approach to expanding margins and growing the top line, and we know that sometimes we will shift in one direction versus the other. But we think that balanced approach is critically important. 2018 overall was a pretty tough year for the industry from a margin perspective. But we're confident in our plans to make that progress in 2019 that you referenced both in terms of on the gross margin line and a little bit below. So we think there's always opportunity there and we need to continue to evolve and attack each line item in the P&L to go after margin improvement and will continue to do that going forward.
Patricia Little: Yes, as we talked about on the third quarter, we have good insight, especially on some of our bigger customers in terms of their inventory. And we knew that there would be some de-load in the fourth quarter, and you saw that play through in the difference between the sales and the retail takeaway. That was absolutely in line with our expectations. We don't have as good an analytic on all of the, you know, many, many customers, but we know that overall we believe that inventory came down through this system. We expect that to continue into 2019 as Michele said, again, really related to broad secular trends in the industry. On any given quarter, that will have a lot of movement based on season, based on timing of pricing, which we think was an impact this year looking at when promo activity is innovation timing. So quarters can be very - have a lot of movement, but this was exactly what we - we ended the year exactly as we expected.
Patricia Little: You know, we have a long-term historic average of doing share repurchase on a discretionary basis every year, and we always put that into our plans, because otherwise it would just show us - especially, in the absence of acquisitions, which are hard to - which we don't put in plan which show us building cash. So there is a modest amount of our normal run rate sharing purchase included in the plan.
Patricia Little: And just to comment on the taxes, that will be a benefit, the slightly lower tax rate, but that will be basically offset by the fact that, as I mentioned, our non-service related pension costs will be higher in 2019 due to just outset performance at the end of the year. So, that's not a big net overall change to our EPS.
Patricia Little: So, I'll start on the Margin for Growth program, we've been really pleased with how it's done. In really two senses, I just want to say clearly in one sense, and we've talked probably a lot about this, is in terms of the savings that we've had in a lot of function. And I just want to thank all my colleagues on work on, I think, a very effective program. But I also want to say I just never want to forget this, we also use this as an opportunity to invest in more of our commercial capabilities, so is really a change in that, and that's gone very well also. So, we pulled ahead a fair amount into 2018, as I mentioned, that primarily comes out of 2019. There's a small piece that, given just some of the timings as we get into the details of the program, got pushed into 2020, and that relates around some of the - honestly a lot of it is in the finance function gated by our ERP transformation. That'll leave us, I think, pretty much where we expected to be earlier in the year, which is the high end of the program, closer to the $175 million range. And I would expect, if you sort of do that math that puts us in the $30 million to $40 million range for 2019.
Patricia Little: So, as I mentioned, we had the - we did have a small write-off in the fourth quarter related to some - we disposed of some underutilized assets. Absent that, we would have been closer to a positive 20 basis points for the quarter. In terms of the underlying cost structure, I would say that what we've really seen, clearly, we as well as everybody else have been hit by inflationary pressures as well as some of the negative price realization. And what you see is that stabilizing in the fourth quarter, especially things like freight, logistics, costs like that they remain high but stable. Going into 2019, we don't see a real reduction in those. We think we're doing a good job of optimizing freight and logistics, but there's still a base level of inflation in that, as well as packaging. We're also starting to see some of the wage inflation related to some of the high employment rates that you especially in some of - like our distribution centers, so that's also a bit of a pressure on us. Opposite that, so we will have some good news in our commodities based on where some of the commodities pricing or hedging program puts us. So, all of those puts and takes puts us at a modest improvement for 2019 growth margin.
Patricia Little: Yes, it is. I would have to think it through that way and I think what we're saying though is those were to get impact what we said all along, we didn't get negative growth margin and we see that goes up to base up the fourth quarter building play there is reaction from amplify is really hardly anything in the fourth quarter. I mean we have to take a little bit further detail offline.
Patricia Little: Yes, absolutely, so I think at the kind of highest level there will be an acceleration in North American growth driven by price, there will be acceleration driven by season both Easter as well as Halloween and holiday and certainly there will be a contribution from snacking that will be incremental as well and I think I mean I think those are the real biggest buckets to focus on as the biggest change from a year-on-year perspective.
Patricia Little: Yes, so as you think about 2019, what I'm really excited about in our innovation plan is that our two big innovation are the chocolate packaged candy packaging reinvention which is really a better package but the same product with drive Shelton packed in usability et cetera and then re-spent and we've got a great track record of innovations on this and also any time we innovate close to the core. So I think the innovations we have in 2019 have a lot of the levers to that are tend to be correlated with some of our bigger successes and then I think you're right as we look at SKU rationalization, we include in that some of the past innovation that has had a couple good years of growth but maybe has dwindled down a bit to the point where we have more productive uses of the shelf space and so that's kind of included in that.
Patricia Little: Approximately about 1.5 for the year, as we talked on the last call, it does build throughout the course of the years of the full 3.5 doesn't get realized in the overall P&L, you have built up to that 2.5 by the time you get to the third quarter, so all in that's about all about 0.5 for the year.
Patricia Little: Well, there are inventories that get pulled back associated with some of those SKUs, and that's what drives part of that drag, so there's a transition timing, there's the inventory piece and that really creates that.
Patricia Little: I think I believe we stated we expected our retail takeaway to be about 1% in the fourth quarter and that's exactly where we came in and the key drivers were as we expected, we had some really strong seasonal strength that was the biggest driver. And our share decline decelerated as well, which was expected.
Patricia Little: Alexia, this is Patricia. Clearly we do expect gross margin expansion, pricing will be a piece of this although I do want do remind everyone that a part of it relates to our new packaging that we're bringing on shelves after Easter and that has a cost implication too, so that pricing is really designed to cover the costs of that. So that doesn't - that's not a net drop down to gross margin. In terms of ingredients, we do expect commodity cost to benefit us this year because when we look at the price of the underlying commodities and then the timing that we get from hedging, so that should be a help to us but we do continue to expect inflation on things like packaging which is both core inflation just pure inflation on packaging which we definitely see as well as continuing to build out things like our retail ready packaging in some of those programs, freight is well it's stabilized, if it's not stabilized at a better number stabilized at where it is and then as I mentioned I think earlier today we are starting to see some wage inflation related to low unemployment rates. So you can really tell from that that there are a number of puts and takes but overall we definitely expect modest gross margin improvement.
Patricia Little: Yes, on our key commodities because we hedge one of the things that gives us is a lot of good cost visibility. So definitely include in our plan, we have those pretty, since we hedged three - 24 months out, we have good visibility into that. We also, stay in very close touch with the market on things like packaging, freight, wages that allow us to, I think do very good at estimating the impact of those.
