Michele Buck: So, Andrew, let me start, and then let me ask Steve to give some more details. I would say at the highest level, there are certainly key parts of our portfolio that have had just extraordinary growth, and we cited some of the numbers, for example, on Reese’s. So, one thing that we are very focused on is investigating capacity behind the brands and businesses that we know have demonstrated track records of strong growth over time and particularly where we've seen strong spikes that we think will have continued strength going forward. Let me have Steve talk a little bit more about some of the other elements of cost and cost to serve.
Michele Buck: Yeah. As you recall, we did take two different price increases earlier this year on our confection portfolio that will really just begin flowing through in the second half of the year. And we’ll also have some upside from that in the first half of next year.
Michele Buck: Yeah. What we really like about Lily's is, it is a scale business, so it is close to that $100 million in size, whereas Scharffen Berger and DAGOBA were much smaller, in the $30 million range. And we’ve found over time, and I think we’ve shared this before that for us, a good acquisition being around close to that $100 million mark has been built enough that we can really best apply our capabilities around distribution, manufacturing, synergies, additional marketing, kind of more broad-based marketing, et cetera, to really help to make the acquisition a success. The other thing I would say is Lily’s is single mindedly focused on better-for-you. So, while it is premium, it has a very distinct understandable benefit that those consumers understand, which is about the lack of sugar. That also gives us a lot of confidence that it fits very neatly into our operating model. As you know, we have already launched a broader portfolio of better-for-you on our core brands, and so that whole better-for-you area is a big point of focus for us. And there’s some nice synergy in terms of our focus there.
Michele Buck: Yes. We have seen -- we have very complex and sophisticated price elasticity models where we look not only at price points within our own categories, price gaps, price thresholds, also around other snack items as well. I think over time, I think we’ve consistently seen that our business, our brands and our category tend to be on the less elastic side versus perhaps some other categories, which is what gives us confidence in pricing power and the ability to take price when we feel it is the right time.
Michele Buck: So, it is performing in line with our expectations. It is early days, but it’s absolutely in line with what we expected. It is really in kind of a test-and-learn phase as we move forward. And it’s not, I would say, a big material piece of our better-for-you launch at this point in time, as organic is a little bit more of a targeted offering than say, zero sugar or sugar free.
Michele Buck: Yeah. And to your second part of your question, from a margin perspective, we do charge a higher price point for it. But it also does cost more, obviously, so the margins are comparable to the core.
Michele Buck: Yeah. It’s certainly something that we spend a lot of time, thinking about and working on. And I guess what I would say is, yeah, we do realize that it is somewhat of a volatile time still, certainly with all the talk of the Delta variant and recent CDC guidance recently. It’s all too much of a reminder that we clearly aren’t fully out of the pandemic. And I personally believe, in September, we know that a lot of companies are implementing kind of a return to office. It seems like a lot of companies are doing that then. Kids going back to school. So, there will be more for all of us to learn about consumer behaviors and what some of those changes mean for that. The way that we think about the supply chain and managing where we are right now is, I guess in a couple ways. How do we maximize -- how do we efficiently maximize and profitably maximize revenue? And so, one of the key things we do focus on is really looking across the portfolio and focusing on really maxing out where we have available capacity and leaning into some of those brands and businesses with greater investment, reallocating investment to those businesses so that we can really take full advantage of that. If there are areas of the portfolio where we -- like a Reese, for example, I think we keep pointing out as an example because it’s such a big piece of our business and growing at such a hefty rate. We have total confidence making big capacity investments on that one, just because of the track record and the dynamics around that. And then -- so we’ll invest in capacity as a piece of that. And then there are parts of the portfolio where we’re not going to lean in right away and invest in capacity, because we want things to play out a bit here more. So, we really leverage the breadth -- one of the strengths we have is the breadth of our portfolio. We’ve got our seasonal portfolio with the consumable take home. We have a range of different brands. And so, we really try and leverage that as best possible to manage through. So, it’s kind of a balance of investing to build supply chain even stronger, which we’re always doing, but we’re doing even more of that right now. Doing what we need now, kind of no regret move, and then planning for the future from a contingency perspective depending on what the potential outcomes are.
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, I would say absolutely. Retailers were under tremendous pressure this past year with all of the huge shifts that COVID caused on many manufacturers’ businesses. They had, as we all know, tremendous issues with out-of-stocks. And so, their goal is to make sure they remain in stock. In fact, right now, we’ve seen retailers really lean in a bit to inventory and carry a bit more inventory than they have in the past, because I think there’s a little bit of a scarcity mentality. They want to make sure they have product. They also know that manufacturers are taking price, and so in some cases it may allow them to hedge a little bit there. So, I think it is definitely a focal area and, of course, something that we always focus on and are proud of how we’ve been able to deliver for retailers. They’ve continued to come to us, given how we were able to deliver during the worst of the pandemic last year, and have continued to rely on us this year.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I would add on the structural side, one of the benefits is we’ve been working on our supply chain 2.0 program and the Annville fulfillment center comes online later this year, that’ll provide some additional flexibility and agility, so that will certainly be helpful. As Michele said, continuing to invest where we need to on capacity, especially on those fast-growing core brands like Reese. From a cost standpoint and getting into some of the pieces, clearly like you said, Andrew, putting that much pressure on the supply chain at one time pushed us in a number of spots. It pushed us from an overtime standpoint; it pushed us from getting to contract manufacturers and expanding some of their work off an onsite contract rate, and the same on the freight and warehousing side. So, I look at those as pressure points in particular on top of that, or as the result of the higher volumes. And then in addition, I would say labor rates in general and labor availability in general are a pressure point, beyond just volume. The market for labor is challenging, and so just like everyone, we want to make sure we are staying ahead of the curve on hiring, making sure our value proposition at our plants is attractive, and packaging inflation is similar. Packaging inflation we touched on a little bit on the last call. It’s still a pressure point. I think we’re still optimistic we’re going to see that moderate as we go forward, but we haven’t seen it yet. So, it is a combination of those transitory costs on the back of the higher volume, and a few things that are a little bit more sticky here as we look across the balance of the year.
Steve Voskuil: No, I would look at it as the tax piece was by far the biggest impact on us not taking up our earnings guidance alongside the top line. I think if it wasn’t for the tax piece, we would’ve raised guidance. The cost to serve is a component, but think of that as the 10% or the 15% of the impact where the majority really was the tax impact in the quarter.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I think in terms of total magnitude for the back half, I think 1.5 to two points of impact. And I would -- I don’t think we’re clever enough to give you the precise quarter. I would say I’d look at it across both quarters, maybe a little bit of skew to the fourth quarter.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I think, again, but for the tax piece, we would’ve risen or taken up our guidance. Certainly, there’s caution in the back half relative to the inflation and cost to serve. I think we have our hands around what that looks like and have a pretty good bead on that. But if that were the only piece, we would’ve taken up our guidance, but tax was really the piece that we had to take into account. And we want to make sure we’re not sacrificing investment in the back half of the year.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the tax side, we look at it as a one-off, so if we were to reset next year -- and again, we’ll talk a lot more later in the year about 2022. But as a starting point, we wouldn’t factor this into the starting point for 2022. So, I hope that’s helpful. And then from a pricing standpoint, and Michele can add on here, pricing is a key part of our strategy, maintaining and growing, our gross margin is a key part of our strategy. I’d say we execute against the trend. We are very aware of the dynamics at play from an inflation standpoint and so on, what competitors are doing, what retailers are doing. So, we are evaluating that environment all the time. And as always, we’re not going to kind of tip our hand as we think through it, but pricing is and will remain a key part of our strategy going forward.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah. We were pleased with the Q2 gross margin. We were -- it was a little bit ahead of our plan, I think we managed it well, and of course, implied inside our guidance for the balance of the year is a little softening of the gross margin outlook from being up slightly to being in line with last year. And I think that performance in the face of the inflation that we’ve seen would be good. But our goal, again, looking to next year, building on the last question a little bit, is we want to continue to grow gross margin over time. And we want to do that through a pricing strategy. We want to do that through productivity. We want to do that through all the levers to manage inflation and commodity cost, and so driving that forward remains an important goal. We’ll give more color on next year’s gross margin as we get closer to the end of the year, but that goal remains firmly in our mind.
Steve Voskuil: So, the first question is for the second quarter, it’s non-cash, but a portion will become or could become cash in the balance of the year, and that portion will probably be non-cash for the balance of the year, so it is a mix of both for the balance of the year. On your second question, yes, you’re thinking about it the right way from an EBITDA standpoint.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, that’s true, but I’d say the caveat is time. All right. So, if you’re looking at a longer period of time, it’s more possible that a portion of that reserve could become cash. And so, if you’re looking at next quarter or the balance of the year, that might lead to one answer. If you’re looking at the next two years, it could be a different answer.
