Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's first quarter 2015 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO and I will provide you with an overview of results followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2014 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. The non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP, rather the company believes the presentation of earnings and excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2015 first quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $9.7 million or $0.02 per share diluted and gain on the sale of a trademark of $10 million or $0.03 per share diluted. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
Mark Pogharian: And those comments are related to the China chocolate business, Brian, so it's not only did you have the SEM dilution you had all the investments we made in the China chocolate business throughout '14 that happened perhaps in the back half that are [indiscernible] that are in your pace, that will be in the pace of the first half this year.
Mark Pogharian: Let me just add one other comment, it's really important for the perspective of our company in China is, we continue to be in a brand building and portfolio expansion mode, Shanghai Golden Monkey is of course critical for the distribution, build of that, and so we really continue -- we believe we have the right brands, the right growth plan, markets will moderate as we're certainly seeing right now over time, but on a long term basis we continue to believe our model's a good model, obviously volume is a magic elixir on some of these things, so you also have to manage pace in investment along with that but we really believe that we have the right plans in place and over time we’ll continue to grow in China, mainly around distribution and portfolio expansion for the near term anyway.
Mark Pogharian: Yes, let me -- to your first point, it is largely China, there were other small bits right, so there're a couple of our export markets where the dollar is making the product quite expensive, example could be an export market like Japan, obviously which, they're actually in quantitative easing so their currency's going the other way, So there were a few markets and certainly our export business was impacted but it was largely a China story in the scheme of things. And you're quite right, as we anticipated the growth in the first quarter for Chinese New Year and didn’t see that coming along we obviously shipped less into the marketplace, because J.P. mentioned earlier I think in his remarks, we try to ship with the consumption pattern is, we don't expect that will be made up in the rest of the years, so we've adjusted down or growth although we think the rest of the year should be more normalized than what we saw during the Chinese new year.
Mark Pogharian: I think, that's correct. Again don't forget a lot of the next wave of China business, Golden Monkey’s is little bit less seasonal, does come in the last four months of the year
Mark Pogharian: I guess Ken there's no change, if you think about the initial 135 to 145 bps, it’s all about the pricing and it’s the incremental 20 basis point increase is related to the [indiscernible] on the commodity strategy.
Mark Pogharian: No, they're -- I mean from a margin perspective they're very comparable. There are some slight benefits, as an example advertising rates are a bit lower as you spread into lower Tier cities. But there's no penalty in terms of pricing and as you go into Tier 2 and Tier 3, the further down you go obviously the pack size change and there's more traditional trade that's part of the mix. But that doesn't cause a margin penalty.
Mark Pogharian: Operator, we have time for one more question; want to respectful of other peers that are reporting today.
Mark Pogharian: And to answer your TRIPS question Alexia, I would say it looks pretty the [tripped] in by channel. I mean, I think our performance and category performance looks pretty similar to last year, we see store dollar in one of the largest retailers in the country continue to really, really shine.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you very much for your time today. I'll be available for any follow up question that any of you have.
J.P. Bilbrey: It is the China flow through at the first quarter Andrew that you’re seeing; the U.S. business [indiscernible] is off to a good start and is forecasted to be as we anticipated earlier in the year.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, that's correct. Last year we had two months if you recall from Golden Monkey and the fourth quarter. And as we start of the year we had a similar pattern as we did in the chocolate business, we were lower in terms of the Chinese New Year. What we have in Golden Monkey, which is different than the regular chocolate businesses, we have a part of the business which is not so seasonal, which is the [bean curve] business and we also have a lot of innovation which kicks in after new year and that's been the typical pattern, where we have distributor meetings early in the second quarter for that innovation and there is a very strong innovation pipeline for that. And so our expectation is that we will be on target for that accretion during the full year and that will come into back half. The other small acquisitions and divestitures whether the Mauna Loa or Krave kind of offset each other. 
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, not partially -- not exactly. Let me explain. We always said Shanghai Golden Monkey would be slight accretive to the year and all we’re trying to do is reconfirm that despite a slower start attributable to new year. We did have -- Obviously, lower operating income in the rest of the China business for the same reason that we had a slower start. What we're saying in this case is that the Shanghai Golden Monkey's slight accretion to the year remains intact, based on the activity progress that we have in place. In terms of you know higher spending, we’re not projecting higher spending in the international business in terms of getting back to you know our targets for the year and we're also given the magnitude of the China sales miss, we're not projecting that we can make up that sales miss which is part of what Mark explained on the call down on the lower end. We do have higher year-on-year cost in the sales force that's our program as we actively go into more cities and we did still have advertising in the first quarter during Chinese New Year although it certainly wasn't as effective as we thought it would be.
J.P. Bilbrey: We've taken that into account and as we looked, to your point, as we developed the plan last year and we said during the January call that we expected Chinese growth to be approximately the 30% that we grew in '14, so we weren't -- while we were seeing some slowdown, let's call it in December, we weren't planning for as poor a performance. We know, we think there's a lot of this is cyclical based on what you're hearing, GDP, consumer confidence, things that we've already mentioned. We don’t think it's as much structural, in fact some of the structural changes we think actually help us in the long run, things like urbanization, as well as more of a consumer economy which is what the government's pushing but, we've lowered certainly the overall year expectations, as you know we said we'd be somewhere around 30 and that the category would be in the low double digits. We certainly lowered that to high single digit. Still think we can do two-three times the category growth rate but we certainly lowered that overall year expectation, not trying to make up the first quarter.
J.P. Bilbrey: So, I think as you rightly point out we're very focused on growth, we've been investing in our business is about the new geographies and I think very importantly in capabilities. So I can’t specifically talk about 3G, what I do thing is very important and as I mentioned on the last call at CAGNY, we're really looking about -- we’re really looking at how we evolve our business mode, how we allocate and reallocate resources against what we believe are opportunity, you’ve heard us talk about knowledge and insight. We continue to believe that's really important and we're investing in different skill sets there than we have and so we have to be mindful at the pace of our business. We have to make sure that the volume continues to be the elixir that makes all things affordable. So you should expect us to continue to take hard look at the leverage we have against our P&L and you’ll hear us talk a bit more about that we're doing a lot of work in that area. But I think for our company we strongly believe that there has to be an ongoing balance between brand building and P&L leverage. That obviously takes cost as one of the key leverage, but we want to make sure that we maintain the right balance and focus on all those things.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that, there is a couple of thing to probably seeing as we raised our gross margin outlook, part of that is around commodities and input cost and then as I said, we want to make sure that we continue to look at the levers that we put in place. So yes we've invested in our selling capabilities and we want continue to invest in our brands some of that's in our international markets but it's also importantly in our U.S. market as well, where we get the right see store level of coverage where we get the right frequency in stores so that we can win in merchandising and so, if we look at our overall business model we think we’ve got the right approach. And to make sure that, you continue to be reassured that we are mindful about what we can afford and non-afford obviously we want to make sure that we continue to grow into those investments at the appropriate pace. But I think over the long-term again we're really committed to our business model and we also feel good about the markets that we're in. We think, we're in the right markets long-term and it will have to whether some of the volatility of the short-term up and downs. But we're in this business to stay, we’re been here a long time and we planned to be here either longer.
J.P. Bilbrey: I think, Eric, we look at what we believe are the right strategies to protect our brand investment in our pricing and our -- I would just reiterate that we can be anywhere between 3 and 24 months hedged on some of our key commodities. Certainly coco’s been volatile so we’ve looked for opportunities to price went we think the -- it's a good value and then the entire industry is getting some benefit out of dairy and you know well, I'm not trying to predict, where dairy goes, it feels as though it’s in a direction which could benefit. But if you look at lot of the tree nuts and so forth, those are going up largely and so again we try to look at the overall commodity basket and we feel pretty good about how we've been able to take a forward view to protect our current plans.
J.P. Bilbrey: Eric, I think what we would say is that across snacking we are seeing that there is a lot of activity out there, if you look at the overall snacking wheel and the share performance you can see that there's been some moderation there with the exception that CMG is sort of returning more to its historical performance base, you’ve see meat snacks which continues to perform really well and obviously we're encouraged by Krave. But I think we're in an era where the snacking continuum and the occasions of snacking are broadening and therefore consumer choice is greater and so we have to work hard at making sure that at the point of sale our brands are winning in terms of merchandizing etc. I’ll tell you the one thing, that if I -- as I personally have a takeaway from the first quarter that I feel better about than anything else we probably could talk about on this call is that we're seeing a strengthening in our everyday business and if you take Easter out and you know all of the previous quarters and all and you just look at what's the health of the everyday business. We're doing a -- our everyday brands are up and importantly that's always a measure of advertising effectiveness. So the combination of advertising working for us and seeing our everyday business improving outside of that environment, that is a very, very healthy sign and for me that's the thing I feel best about in the entire first quarter.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well I think David first of all a couple of things, I would tell you that as consumer insight driven company, a brand building company, we're going to always be focused on growth and growing our brand. The cost is a lever, and it’s an important one, so look, I mean if we can all capture synergies in our business via acquisitions and add-ons and making sure that we've got P&L leverage, we absolutely have to be focused to get that because the investments that we make have to pay for themselves. But first and foremost we have a business model you know that we want to pursue. So, yes I think there's some very good reminders in the marketplace that suggest that, listen, you got to make sure you're not getting fat, but you also have to make sure that along the way to not getting fat, you're allocating resources in a way that you can win in the market place on a go in basis. So that's important. If I come back to the first part of your question, we're balancing those investments both internationally and in the U.S. So we've proven over and over again that the passion of our sales organization, our feet on the street represent us better than any other choice we could make, I've also seen some evidence in the market place where some other companies are coming to that conclusion as well. But for our company we continue to be focused against those investments, and the only way we can grow our brands in these new markets is to forward invest in the capabilities that make them broadly available to consumers and we'll continue to do that. But we’ll do that in the most effective and efficient way we possibly can.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, we don't talk about quarters, we did say in the first quarter call that we expected the China business to grow around at 30% that we grew last year, I think, last year we were up 34. And so we expected to similar growth. I'll just reiterate we -- that would translate into category and the low double digits, we've lowered that to the high single digits reflecting the first quarter miss.
J.P. Bilbrey: On the first part of your question, the synergy aspect of Golden Monkey, we're in the very early stages of that, so there is very little of that. And the reason for that is -- as we plan for those synergies; let's take an example, chocolate products through Golden Monkey sales force. We're still on the process of designing different pack size, different price points which are more appropriate for those markets. So, there is not a lot of the miss that's accounted for by not penetrating Hershey products to Golden Monkey. On a year-over-year basis we haven't given that type of information, the Golden Monkey certainly had a similar impact in the first quarter as you would see in our chocolate business based on the same lower New Year.
J.P. Bilbrey: Very much. Well it's not -- well it's all incremental to what their business model has been all along. A lot of that welcome toward the end of the year as we designed these pack types and we start to launch into the next wave of Chinese new year if you will, which comes later in the year but we're fairly confident that we have the right products, we have to reconfigure them and they suddenly have the capability to get them into lower Tier cities and traditional trade.
J.P. Bilbrey: I mean, Jon, I guess the way, I would think about it, don't forget that seasonal was about 25% to 30% of our overall North America sale, so that's why it's not up as much as you would have maybe have anticipated. Again when you go to some of these international markets, the growth -- absolute level of gross margin in China for example, would have been down year-over-year, when you think about the 5% take away and perhaps how we think about trade there to make sure it all gets out eventually at the end of the day. So that was the little bit of a drag at the gross margin on the international side.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well I think what is said is, is that meaningful piece is really related to the commodity improvement on our input costs and our outlook there. You also have the benefited mix as you get through the year with the pricing you know that really begins to show up in the US business as well. So you got a combination of things that are helping us there. And then as the US business continues to perform well there's always a positive mix effect that happens. Therefore, I made some commentary around the everyday business on one of the earlier questions, so I think you've got several factors.
J.P. Bilbrey: The other comment I would just make is that and I kind of come back again to the long term perspective, you know the category growth in China and brand building is still the biggest story and what happens with their pace of urbanization, obviously everybody wants to participate in that, at the same time you have a large dispersement and that's why -- of people and that's why we feel good about the acquisition of Shanghai Golden Monkey and the ability then to put both our brands -- both of the brands of the two entities across our entire distribution chain.
J.P. Bilbrey: We haven't started to talk about '16 yet, I think that's a little premature, I think what I mentioned earlier is that certainly what we see in China today you know feels more cyclical in terms of what’s going on with GDP, what's going on with consumer sentiment. You've seen the government react to some degree, last weekend I think the Central Bank lowered reserve rates in order to put more monies into the economy, particularly for small business. I think the structural changes favor CPG categories in terms of urbanization which J.P. mentioned as well as a more consumer oriented economy versus exports, so I do see given to see that evolution, we’re structural, I think helps us and then the cyclical right now will all have to hold hands and see how soon that gets resolved, but I do think that's more cyclical in structure.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, Alexia the thing that I would point to and I'll try to give to give you a couple of things here, if you look at the quarter, Reese's was about nine-tenths of a point, Hershey's up 2.4%, Kit Kat was up 3.6%, Kisses up over 9% and Brookside was a big number and because it's a new brand, may not be meaningful to talk about it, but it was a big number. So for me the fact that the everyday ex-Easter was healthy until all of our core brands grew and that's the piece that I was feeling so good about and you know the first quarter last year was -- so some of the comparable in terms of the total CMG may be a little bit harder to look at, the first quarter of 2014 last year was up about 4.6% or so and a lot of that was driven by non-chocolate products with Lancaster and some big Twizzlers type promotions. So if you really isolate our biggest brands and those core brands and look at their performance that really shows you, we remember we talked about -- we were going to try to be very focused against merchandizing, against our core and big brands making sure they were available to consumers, that appears to be working for us.
J.P. Bilbrey: I'd make one other point just broadly as I had been out and about talking to retailers and have listened to other manufacturers is, people are saying that they believe the basket is more constructive than they've seen for a while, so that strengthening of the basket is also probably a really good sign for the overall industry, that's a North American comment as well.
