Michele Buck: As you know, we take a pretty balanced approach in terms of focus on delivering the short term as well as making sure that we are building all the capabilities and continued investment to build the long term. So, as it relates to—let me start with some of our SG&A. We think it’s important to continue to build capabilities. Some of the places that we have been very focused are in the areas of ERP, obviously, so that we can really get a solid foundation of technology that we think will bring us tremendous benefit going forward in the future. We incur a lot of the expense now, and frankly, more of the benefit in the future. Also, in terms of digital as a big investment area, specifically we’ve had a big focus in advancing our capabilities to deliver more sophisticated targeting and get more efficiency in media. So we believe some of those lean-ins are really important to help us build those capabilities for the future. As we look at brand investment, as you know we are big believers in our business model that brand investment is key. We have always been very solid spenders, and we continue to believe that. We have moderated some of that spending as we’ve had supply challenges and constraints to make sure that we keep our very strong returns on that investment, so it’s a balancing act. Some of the investments in media have enabled us to get to efficiency so that we are still delivering a pretty strong number of consumer impressions out there. We feel good about where our share of voice is. So, we’re really trying to balance that and say, “Okay, we’ll moderate a bit now in brand investment,” but certainly keep our eye on it as we go forward to make sure that we continue to protect that for the long term.
Michele Buck: Relative to the competition, yes, we would say everyone in the category seems to be having similar challenges, just as I would say pretty broadly in the industry that’s the case. We anticipate the situation relative to delivering on demand to be about comparable across the competitors. Relative to market share, we believe that we will hold share this year. As you know, we’ve had some really significant gains over the past two-year period of time. We will have more tepid share performance in the first half of the year, building to a bit more strength in the second half due to laps alone. And relative to share of voice on advertising, we do track that and we feel really good about where we are from an advertising share of voice perspective.
Michele Buck: Well, I guess what I would say is we have a lot of actions in place to drive continuous improvement relative to our own supply. So certainly yes, there is no certain end state where I can tell you this is where the switch flips. But what I can tell you is we have had numerous programs underway. So first of all we focused a lot on optimizing demand. How do we get the most efficiency out of the capacity we have? By reducing complexity in changeovers, prioritizing SKUs, part of that included working with retailers to double and triple face our core items, which is always a great move because they are very high velocity so that makes a lot of sense. As it comes to supply, we are continuing to invest in incremental capacity. There is incremental capacity that will gradually come online as we go through this year and also into 2023 and 2024. We’ve also made some significant investments in manufacturing labor. Frankly, last year was a real challenge. Our people did real yeoman’s work to just do whatever was needed to produce as much volume as possible, but it really wasn’t sustainable in terms of having a reasonable employee value proposition for those folks. And so we have invested in labor. We won’t get the benefit of that immediately because it takes time to train people, to get them up to speed, to be as efficient as our current workforce, but we do think it’s important and a lot of that really just helps us to manage some of the overtime as well. So, we do have a lot of activities underway. We think that we will make continuous improvement, but under no circumstances would we really be out of the woods totally; we will continue to have pressure throughout the year. Our goal is just to continue to make improvements.
Michele Buck: We’ve really tried to do a good dissection and deep dive to understand that as best possible, and I would tell you I think there are a number of things going on. First of all, we do know that there are some COVID related impacts. The change in consumer behaviors with consumers spending more time at home has clearly benefited some of our brands and categories because they’re around their homes more to consume our products, and our products are more eaten in those types of environment than out and about restaurant environments, et cetera. I think that based on what we’re seeing in consumer behavior, I think that while more people – and people have become more mobile, there also is a change of behavior that I think is here to stay to some degree, right? People enjoy spending time with their families. They appreciate them more given the COVID situation. They’ve gotten comfortable, some of them, the portion who are flexibly working and want to continue some of that. So I believe that some of that is here to stay. At the same time, we also did implement a number of new strategies in our business over the years that we think have also helped us. We really tried to do a better job of balancing innovation and the core to get more sustainable growth. And we have seen that, that had an impact on the business. I think we also think we’ve gotten smarter about pricing, where we have multiple levers on list price and price pack architecture that we can utilize. So I guess I’d tell you, we believe that there’s part of both of that. So we do think that there is a sustainability and underlying sustainability, may not be all of it. But in addition to us, in particular, I think the category’s relevancy has just increased during COVID. So those are some of our thoughts, Rob, I hope that’s helpful.
Michele Buck: Yes. We do think that there could have been less benefit. That’s what we’re seeing as well for us than for others. So I do think that’s correct. At the same time, we do know that there’s significant pressure out there, and we just want to really keep our fingers on the pulse of it to make sure that we aren’t missing something. I mean certainly, we’re not a category where there’s a big private label component and people can easily just say, "I’m going to still participate but switch to lower brands." That’s always been a benefit for us during times like this, but we do understand the pressure consumers are under.
Michele Buck: Absolutely. We know that at the beginning of our journey into snacks, we had some challenges in some of our first acquisitions. And I guess it goes to maybe you catch a few toads on the way to the prince. But we learned a lot about what we’re good at and what we’re not good at. And we established some principles. And one of those principles was there’s a certain size threshold that’s critical for us in order to absorb a business and be able to really build it from there. We’re not good creators of very small businesses and making them big. We also understand that our business model is all about a high gross margin, a strong gross margin that enables us to invest to grow capabilities and invest in our brands. And we got very, very stringent about those guidelines and those criteria for success. We focused a lot on building capability. Frankly, we didn’t have a lot of M&A capability. And so we got a lot smarter about how to do the right due diligence, what were really the key questions we needed to understand. We started to see what we have to know going in. And I think as we did each acquisition, we got better at that. So with Pirate Booty and Skinny Pop, we got amazing brands. And that’s what we’re good at, is really getting a brand that has a strong consumer following. We’d like to see brands that have tremendous repeat but low household penetration because that’s – as consumers love them, and we can apply our capabilities to expanding distribution and investing to create awareness of the brand. The other thing we learned was the importance of supply chain. And early on, we had some struggles absorbing a lot of these smaller companies, didn’t have their own supply chain. So thus, you saw when we went forward and bought Dots, we decided to buy the co-manufacturer Pretzels Inc. as well. So I think we’ve consistently applied those lessons. As I said, we built a lot of capability and muscle along the way and got better at those key criteria of support of the brand’s margins and the right supply chain.
Michele Buck: Sure. So one of the things that we have seen has been really critical is what’s the data set. In the past, we relied on our own internal data set that we would analyze and do a traditional marketing mix modeling kind of activities. But we’ve really created what we think is a proprietary approach to what we’re doing, investing in other data sources and then integrating them into ours, building the tools that allow us to do that, utilizing the cloud across what we’re doing. And so a lot of that has been in investing in those different areas to truly kind of break out in this space.
Michele Buck: Absolutely. I mean I’d start by saying, first, hey, given where we are in a capacity-constrained world, our first focus is the core, the core, the core. And if we are masking out capacity with the core, we’re really balancing what’s the right innovation to continue to drive news, but we also want to be very efficient and we just want to maximize throughput. But that said, we do have several items that we are excited about. Reese’s Potato Chip, Kit Kat Dark Chocolate with Strawberry, Kit Kat Hazelnuts. We also have, importantly, some really great new pack types. So we’ve talked to you about price pack architecture, and we’ve put a lot of focus on understanding different consumer occasions and where there was a need or an opportunity for a pack type that best meets that occasion and drives incremental consumption. So we’re really excited about two of those. One is called the Pantry Pack. And think about that as – I don’t know, I’m going to describe it as almost a case of your product or a case pack of your product that’s designed to sit easily either in your refrigerator or in your pantry that you can easily get out multiple units of single-serve product. And then we also have an item that’s called the Super King. We have a standard bar, which is a smaller instant consumable item. We have a king-sized bar, which is a bigger instant consumable item. And consumers identified interest in Super King, which is an instant consumable pack that has more products and more individual units for sharing. And those pack types have tended to be really great innovation for us over time, highly sustainable.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So we’re at a point now, where we are continuing to build scale in Salty Snacks. We started with SkinnyPop and Pirate’s Booty. With the Dots business, we have sizable brands and so we are really looking at what is the optimal way to build the operating model around that entire piece of business. And that includes everything from – obviously, right now, we’re very focused on integrating Dots and Pretzels Inc. But what’s our end state of – from an operating model, how we operate, from a supply chain network, how we operate. This array of products do not require condition distribution, so they are very different than our core portfolio. So that’s really the work that we’re talking about there.
Michele Buck: I was just going to say and there’s not a lot of material change in our use of co-mans. Some of the items that are in highest demand are items that we uniquely produce. If you think about the uniqueness of some of the forms of some of our big confection items, so while we are trying to use any external co-mans and network as we can, there are some that it’s just not available because of the proprietary nature of our product.
Michele Buck: Certainly, if you look at our business, these are the largest two areas of our business today and thus from a reporting perspective is exactly where we went to how we segment the business. As you look at some of the bets we’ve placed, I think some of the larger assets, at least on the scale of the acquisitions we’re doing, do tend to be available there. We’ve tended to like many of the assets we’ve seen and the growth there. So that had always been in our eyes early on, was that the two incremental areas of incrementality for us beyond Confection that we were most excited about were salty snacking and better for you overall.
Michele Buck: Yes. So certainly, I think if we think about winning in the store, I think we’ve built some scale in the warehouse delivered snack general space. So from a in-store perspective that’s been a key area of focus, but I guess I’d go back to really some of my earlier comments around M&A and where we’ve really built the best capabilities. I think we got very tight about what an asset needs to look like in order for us to – for it to be attractive for us and be a good fit for us, and that’s about it has to start to be – obviously after identifying the two areas of incremental opportunity, it has to be significant scale, $100 million and above, and have strong gross margins because that lets us build the brand. Go for brands that have very strong repeat, which signifies that they have got a loyal consumer base and there’s a bear there that we can build from, that we can build awareness with consumers through advertising and we can increase distribution and availability. Make sure that we’ve got a good solid supply chain plan, because our whole goal is going to be about growth and we have to be lined up to do that. And then really, given it was a focus, building our talent and our capabilities and our inter-workings and our process. We spent a lot of time on that and getting much more robust in terms of the talent that we’re applying in these spaces. Accountability and ownership across the enterprise, both with our M&A team, with the commercial units that are picking this up, and building a lot of muscle in due diligence and every piece of that, whether it’s legal, whether it is analyzing the business. I think all of those things have been key.
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, we see a lot of opportunity in front of us. As you mentioned, we have been building scale, so you could say that we are subscale but we see tremendous opportunity for efficiencies and synergies as we integrate and gain scale. As we’ve taken on these businesses, for us job one these are growth businesses. We bought them to accelerate our growth and to participate in high-growth segments that were very appealing to consumers. First and foremost, we wanted to go after that. Then, as you know, it takes some time to get to the right ultimate structure, the right phase of integration and really build towards that efficiency. And so we’re in the middle of that right now. It will take us a few more years, but you see the growth rates from a top line perspective and a lot of the work that we’re doing on the operating model and on the supply chain network are intended for us to drive up the margins to take advantage of the synergy that we think exists.
Michele Buck: We’re feeling good about both seasons. We see both of them being up versus prior year. We know that for us we had record sell-throughs throughout the seasons and that always leads to a strong season for us the next season, and also, it’s a bit of a longer Easter season and that bodes well for us as well. So we’re focused on working really closely with our retailers to get them the product that they’re looking for, but we are anticipating that we’ll be able to see growth on both those seasons.
Michele Buck: I mean, I’ll take a crack at a few things. First of all, I think that we all believe that at the root of that is having great brands that consumers see the value in. And right, it’s about the consumer value proposition. It’s one of the reasons that over the years we’ve been such strong believers in investing in our brands, because the more we invest the greater awareness, the greater connectivity consumers have, and with that connectivity they’re more connected to the brands, they don’t want to switch to another brand. And so I think, I would say fundamentally I think that’s one key thing that’s an advantage for us. Secondly, we have had great analytics over the years. We’ve always had a big focus on our elasticity models. You know that over time we’ve always focused on pricing pretty aggressively is one of the tools in our toolkit to deliver our P&L and to deliver our business. And I think we just continued to try and take that capability to the next level all the time as we’ve broadened it to, okay, we can get the insights on pricing in our category. Then we started to look at cross-category price elasticity so we could understand any trade-offs that could occur between our category and other categories. Then we started to invest in price pack architecture and look at how could we generate price realization without a list price but by changing the game. So I guess, I would say to me at the heart of it are those things, and I wouldn’t underestimate as well the trusting relationships we have with our retailers. We’ve always taken an approach of looking out for what’s best for the category, not being so self-serving and so I think our retailers appreciate that and work really hard with us to get to the right outcomes because of that.
Michele Buck: So, our dollars will be up slightly for the year in media. More of the increase will come towards the back part of the year as we’re in an increasingly better supply position. And there aren’t really a lot of big changes fundamentally in terms of how we’re advertising. We do a significant portion of our spending that is in digital like we have been for many years and so there’s not a big shift in how we’re spending the dollars.
Michele Buck: Sure. I think some of the areas of focus for us going forward, self-checkout, queueing lines are a big area of focus. Right now, we’re seeing a lot of retailers, given some of the pressure on labor, focusing there. And the other big area and push for us is in what I would call non-traditional channels. We have over the years kind of started distribution in areas like home improvement stores, and as our products have done well there it then gives us the opportunity to expand from having some instant consumable items to putting our take-home portfolio, to even putting seasons during those specific times. Those are the biggest opportunities for focus in 2022.
Michele Buck: Our businesses in most of the international markets – set aside Canada where we’re very developed – we continue to have distribution opportunities. If I looked at Mexico I would say yes, traditional trade is an untapped and an area of opportunity going forward. If I look at the other markets in which we do business, the bulk of the business in India is traditional trade and so there I would call it more just getting broad distribution is the opportunity and building scale, continuing to build scale in areas like Brazil. Western Europe, we’ve had a lot of strength just in getting our brands in distribution across the board in modern trade, in the regular trade there. Great success with Reese. We’re seeding growth in a lot of other countries through our export model, which is really just a distributor model where we get our products on shelf. Again, a lot of that is in either Western Europe or parts of EMEA.
Steve Voskuil: No, I think you hit the highlights. We have a compensation reset that happens as we set new targets, and so that gives us a little bit on benefits side to deploy against the things that Michele said.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. As we formed our guidance for next year, we have an assumption inside there that there is an opportunity for some inventory build back into the network. Of course, we’ve also got some inventory building to do on our side, but from a retail distributor standpoint as well and that’s part of our guidance.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Gross margin dollars are going to grow. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, from a margin standpoint we expect there to be some dilution comparable to what we saw in ’21. But from a dollars standpoint, yes, up year-over-year.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Just to break that out a little bit, the shipping days we would estimate to be about a 2 point impact on the quarter. And from an elasticity standpoint, if you kind of took that to the side, if you took the shipping days to the side, pounds were about flat in the quarter, if that helps give you some idea.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, a couple of things. One, we touched on it earlier was the inventory. So we are assuming some inventory rebuild with retailers and distributors. That’s a component seasons – as a component of season were fantastic this past year. You get another 90% sell-through for holiday, and that will help from an ordering for this year. So we’re leaning into seasons. And then continuing to activate against our brands and go-to-market strategy, a portion of that innovation, a portion of that is just working with our retail team to make sure we’re bringing a new programming that we can support from a capacity standpoint. So those are the biggest factors offsetting the elasticity.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. I’ll take the first part of that. If we look at the inventory deal, we’re kind of planning it to spread evenly over the year. Obviously, it’s gated a little bit by our capacity coming online. And so that’s one factor. If I look more broadly at the sales profile for the year, we’ll have more M&A benefits on the top line. In the first half of the year, we’ll have more pricing benefit in the top line for the first half of the year, but the inventory build will be spread more evenly. On the SKU side, we see a minimal impact from that for the reasons Michele talked about, where we’ve had to make choices for things we can supply. We’ve been able to gain more facings and sell more core product. So net-net, that hasn’t been a big factor. And we always – we had done SKU rent before we got into COVID just to make sure we were always thoughtful when we did add new innovation SKUs and make sure we had good velocity on those products. So we don’t see a big impact.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. That’s a tough one to kind of think about because there are so many interconnected variables inside that equation. We’ve got the robust volume, which is driving very high utilization on assets – too high, to be honest, which is why we’re adding capacity. So you pick up some benefits there. But a lot hangs on that relative with the pricing drop through in response to commodity costs. So that’s a tough one to say. There are too many interconnected components inside the P&L, Ken, to really probably give you a clear answer for that.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Even that’s kind of hard, Ken, because if I start at the very top, we would probably not be taking as many price increases as we’ve taken, but for the need to cover the costs that we have coming through both commodities and the rest of the P&L. And so even at that very top line level, it’s hard to say how the construction then below the rest of the P&L would flow through.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. On the gross margin line, they’re dilutive. And you can get a little sense for that with the new segmentation detail that we provided, but particularly dropping those in versus where before does create some dilution.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes. We have – if I go back to kind of first half, second half, I won’t get down to the quarters, but we expect to see tougher laps – a lot more pricing in the first half of the year. But we expect to see probably tougher gross margin in the first half. And probably Q2, in particular, will be a tough, just looking at the lap that we had last year. And we would expect to see gross margins – again, everything else equal in the plan, gradually improving as we get to the fourth quarter next year.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, a couple of things. In general pricing will offset the majority of our inflation. If I look at our commodity basket, we’ve got the biggest increases year-over-year in places like sugar and dairy and packaging materials and specialty ingredients. We have pretty good visibility into that. We’ve talked in the past about our hedging program and that gives us a pretty good picture. We’ve also got inflation from a labor standpoint, and as one of the things that Michele said, labor and manufacturing value proposition is one area that we’re leaning in pretty strongly this year. That’s a differential investment than what we’ve done in the past. And so, to answer your question, yes, pricing offsets the majority of the inflationary pieces, but it doesn’t fully offset the additional investment that we’re also making to improve the value proposition for employees.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, so as we look across, I’ll say the commodity basket but also other sources of inflation, you’re talking mid to high single digits.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Today we don’t have enough capacity to meet all the consumer demand. We’ve had some floor manufacturing lines come online in 2021. We have more in Reese’s and PayDay and Jolly Rancher Gummies that will come online in 2022. But even with that we feel like we’re behind consumer demand. There is inflation through co-mans and partners in the network. Inflation flows through those lines just like it does from an internal standpoint and so that is a factor. But even as we rotate that outside support into internal production, we’re still going to have inflation on the same labor lines and some of the materials lines.
Steve Voskuil: Like the other parts of our business we look at both price and volume, but volume is very strong right now on Skinny, Pirate’s and Dots. And so in some ways we’re facing the same challenges that we have on the Confection businesses; we need capacity and trying to solve for capacity to continue to unlock the volume momentum that we’re seeing. That’s probably I would say one of the biggest issues, just like it is for the Confection business right now, but price also plays a role.
Chris Growe: Okay. Have you given a level or a range of inflation for the year? Just to get a level set on where you are right now.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you. Then, just to be clear, your capacity that stands today, can you produce enough to meet demand, or are you still using third parties more heavily? Things like that that are going to weigh on the gross margin in addition to other inflation, given the fact that you’re trying to catch up on production here.
Chris Growe: Makes sense. Thank you. I just want to follow on Bryan’s question. I think he asked about Dots and I think you mentioned that as dilutive to margin. Is that dilutive to EPS as well? Perhaps you answered that, but I may have missed that.
