Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's second quarter 2017 conference call. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2016 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income, prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss second quarter 2017 results excluding net pre-tax charges of $28.9 million, or $0.14 per share-diluted, which are primarily related to business realignment cost and derivative mark-to-marketing losses. These charges are defined in the appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.TheHersheyCompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Michele Buck.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yeah. And, Jon, it's typically pretty much, well, they're relatively the same every year. So if you go back to our April guidance, around 2% would've meant around 2% retail takeaway as well.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you very much for your time today. And the IR Group will be available for any follow-up questions you may have throughout the day.
Michele G. Buck: So Andrew, as you know, we are big believers in investment in our brands. It's a key piece of our business model. We are fortunate to participate in a category that is very responsive to investment. So as we look at our investment in advertising and consumer-related spend, our impressions will be up, so we look both at the dollars, but we are also trying to get seated more impact from the dollars we spend. And our impressions will be up comparably both in half two as they were in half one. So even though there was a little bit of shifting in dollars, our spending is definitely in line with what we had forecast for the year; in fact, it's up a bit. And we continue to feel good that what we're getting from that spending is even higher, based on the marketing mix modeling that we're doing. So we're always making trade-offs and balances as we manage the year in terms of where we think we can get the biggest bang for our buck. So we are committed to the dollars, but sometimes we will shift it if we see an opportunity or we have some innovation. We had some in Q2 that actually the ship timing pushed out a little bit further than we anticipated and, therefore, we needed to push out the advertising. So I wouldn't think about it as much as a pull-back of us consciously pulling back on spending, but more making sure that we're getting the most and aligning it to the activity that we have and the quality of copy, et cetera.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. Alexia, I would say there's not any one big thing that we are trying to protect ourselves against. I actually think what we really want to do is make sure that we have the opportunity to invest into this marketplace. There are a lot of new capabilities. We're investing in e-commerce. We've mentioned before continued investments in activating some of the learnings from our demand landscape, work that we're doing around aisle reinvention, packaging updates, investing in emerging brands. So we're really looking at where those vectors upshift in evolution in the marketplace and how do we make sure that we are investing appropriately there and also still able to maintain all those critical investments in the core that drive our profit engine. So that's really what we're trying to do there.
Michele G. Buck: I agree. The other thing, Alexia, just as a data point I should point out, ERP is another big investment. And as we look at our investments there, we'll actually be spending twice as much in the second half, behind ERP, as we have in the first half and that's meaningful.
Michele G. Buck: Absolutely. So let me start with, first of all, we feel really good about this category and, particularly, about chocolate if you look at the chocolate takeaway numbers that were delivered this year, because the category softness was primarily driven by gum and mint. And, as you know, chocolate is the biggest piece of the category. The way that we think about the business is we need to win with growing customers. Our goal is always to outperform the marketplace and to gain market share, so that if there is softness, we get even more of our growth from market share gains. And we're heavily focused on that because it's our profit engine. At the same time I would tell you, I think about this marketplace as a time where we have a great core business that we're going to continue to drive. And at the same time, we have some opportunities to evolve, to evolve our product and brand portfolio and also to evolve our channel mix to adapt to the changing marketplace. Snacks is important in our strategic agenda. And the way that I think about it is we are a large player in snacks by being number one in the biggest category within snacks. What we now want to do is expand our portfolio so that we can participate in even more snack occasions and ensure that we have the right portfolio and channel development to maximize those opportunities. So I would say it is important. You will see us both doing snacking innovation and also continuing to evaluate and consider M&A as a lever in that growth agenda as well. Our snacking demand landscape that we completed really helps us to lay out and see the future opportunity, both for confection and for snacks to make sure that we're building our portfolio incrementally.
Michele G. Buck: Sure, absolutely. So first of all, we feel great about our core brand CMG performance. As you know, that's really the stable part of our portfolio that is really our profit engine, so feel great about that. As I look at the remainder of our portfolio, I'd say that we saw some pressure in two areas. First of all, baking chips and syrups were softer than anticipated, in line with, I think, what we're seeing in center of the store categories. And then, as we go and look at our portfolio of smaller emerging brands, I would say it's a little bit of a mixed bag. We're really pleased with how barkTHINS is doing. And as we look at some of the rest of the pieces of the portfolio, we've learned a lot since we made the Brookside and KRAVE acquisitions and we're trying to leverage that learning along the way. So we've had to right-size distribution on some of those brands where we think we overextended both the distribution and perhaps the portfolio a bit. So we're really self-correcting on that. And we're applying learnings to make us even more stronger in the marketplace. I would view this piece of the portfolio as one that we expect growth from, but I think it's going to be a little bit lumpier and inconsistent as we leverage big learnings and expand along the way. As part of that snacks portfolio, I would add we feel really good about Snack Mix and those products that we've put in the marketplace, as they've demonstrated a lot of stability and pretty strong growth.
Michele G. Buck: Thanks, David. And I appreciate the question and your perspective on that. If we look at the 12-week period ended July 15, it's a little more flattish. So while I'm really encouraged by the past several weeks, if I look at the two quad periods earlier, the marketplace was much softer. So I think what we're seeing this year is a lot of volatility. It's difficult to predict the market. And I certainly am optimistic that those recent trends continue, but I would say that they do include the July 4th holiday period. And I think we've seen a bit more stability during some of those periods, where there is an anchor season where somebody's coming into the store to make their purchase, but really I'd say it's about volatility. First part of the year, we saw some months that were up, we saw some down. And we're trying to do our best to project what we think that will look like as we go into the second part of the year.
Michele G. Buck: Sure. So let me start with the first part of your question, which is total Hershey takeaway was up 1.4%. Hershey CMG takeaway year-to-date was up 2.0%.
Michele G. Buck: The grocery stock primarily that was a bit of a drag on the total number. And then as we look at the takeaway on a full-year basis, as Patricia said, we're looking for by end of year, net sales and takeaway to be relatively in line with each other. And we're anticipating net sales to be around that 1% range. So that can help to give you a guide of the range of where we think that takeaway may come in.
Michele G. Buck: Yeah. And I'd say a lot of that was around everyday post-Easter was a bit softer than we anticipated.
Michele G. Buck: So we're very pleased with Cookie Layer Crunch performance. Trial and repeat are exactly in line with our expectations. And so we feel great about that, especially in a world and a marketplace where there are a lot of other big innovations in the category this year as well. So we particularly feel well that we hit those goals despite that. So we continue to be bullish on the initiative, as well as on some of the other innovation like Crunchers and some of the recent innovation that is out there.
Michele G. Buck: Sure. So we really are looking across the snacking landscape. We have identified a couple key areas that we have the most interest in that, for competitive reasons, I won't go into the details on. I will say when we think about that, that we do think about how we can get scale wherever we're going to make an acquisition, either by buying something that's large enough to give us scale or by either looking at a section of the store we can get scale, or a category segment where we can get scale to ensure that we get the benefits of having a profitable business and the organization's focused in one spot. So I'd say we're looking across, but we have distinct areas of focus within.
Michele G. Buck: Sure. So I would start with the fact we're encouraged that as we look at our business this year, we had pretty strong performance across impulse and our take-home business. So despite that accelerated shift in e-comm, we've still been able with our retail sales force and the power we have in store, to capture and grow that piece of the portfolio. And innovations played a key role in that as well. That said, I think it is fair to say that we are dialing up. We've been focused on e-commerce, but we are doubling-down a bit more than we had in the past with the dedicated team, our reinvestment of additional resources and really partnering closely with our customers. One of the biggest changes I've seen in the marketplace is a lot of our bricks-and-mortar partners are now really dialing up their efforts on omni-channel, both click-and-collect and multiple forms of home delivery. And then, of course, there are the pure-plays out there. So I guess I think about that business in two ways. One, I think that we have an opportunity to say how do we capture the planned nature of how consumers purchase in that channel and dial that up and really capture that on our business. And at the same time, several of our retail partners have come to us and asked us to partner with them in terms of figuring out how to optimize impulse in an e-commerce world. I can't tell you I have the answer to that right now, but I can tell you I think we are in a good position to really be partnering with our retailers on that.
Michele G. Buck: Matthew, we feel good about the seasonal outlook in the back half of the year. We anticipate that we will grow business, our business, in both of those holidays. And as you know, we have very good visibility into what our retailers are purchasing in those holidays. Right now, I would say we are feeling good that we should gain share during the holidays in the back half of the year. And I'll turn it over to Patricia to answer the second part of your question.
Patricia A. Little: The other thing I'd add to that, Michele and Alexia, is really what I'm pleased about is that we were able to hold our EPS guidance, given that we took our net sales guidance down. And that really reflects the company's good cost discipline, which is allowing us both to maintain that as well as invest even more in the second half than we planned to.
Patricia A. Little: And this is Patricia, David. You asked about the retail inventory. And, yes, that was a factor in our second quarter. So we really wanted to have a lot of transparency around that. We did some pipeline build against new packaging. And we accommodated some of our retail customers who had some changes in their own distribution network. And it was very important to us to meet their service needs so that they could get product on the shelf in a good execution way. And so when you look at our takeaway, you can see that we need to normalize that retail build over the second half of the year. And so we still believe that retail takeaway will improve in the second half, but from a net sales perspective, we know that we've got to work through that inventory. In terms of the gross profit that you commented on, that sales pattern also shows up in the gross profit. So to the extent that we had higher sales in the first half of the year, that had better fixed cost absorption and that will come out again in second half of the year as those sales normalize through. The other thing that we had in gross profit is as we have reduced our overall full-year sales guidance, obviously, that has a mix impact when you look at the mix of products that we think are most hit by the weaker retail trend. And then finally, we do have some changes in packaging coming, both on the shelf and as we work with our retail partners for packaging that works in their format. And that's also a bit of a headwind for us in our gross margin in the second half of the year.
Patricia A. Little: We didn't put the dollar amount out there, but what I'd say, David, is what we want to do every year is make sure that our net sales and our retail takeaway are in line together. So if you look at our overall sales, assume that that's our retail takeaway, and I think you can pretty easily normalize out that inventory build.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. They were a little bit better in the second quarter. And we expect that to flow through to the full year, but not get better. It's really the drivers that I mentioned earlier around because of the change in sales between the first half and the second half, you've got some fixed cost volume absorption. You've got that mix impact I mentioned. And some increased costs coming through on the packaging. And that's really what's, you know, when you look at that against where we came in in the second quarter, that's where some of that comes out.
Patricia A. Little: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I think it helps to just stand back and say that whenever we're going to reduce our overall net sales outlook, it's going to have an impact on our gross margin, both because we're going to have fewer products to absorb our fixed costs and also because as sales come out, those are typically are very high margin, best mix product. And that's just a natural impact. So first of all, that's the pressure down. In addition to that, this year, especially in the second half of the year, we are making changes to some of our packaging, both as the way that the consumer will see it, and also the way the retailer will handle it in store. And that has some cost as well. So those are the headwinds that we have on a full-year basis. You do see this sort of first half, second half dynamic, driven by the change in sales profile between the two halves of the year. I think the fact that in that lower sales world, we were able to hold our gross margin – overall margin's actually a positive story. It shows that we do have slightly lower input costs and also that our productivity is very strong in that area.
Patricia A. Little: Great question. We want to have a sustainable tax rate. So we look each year at investment tax credit opportunities. I think that that's as good a forecast as I would have right now for next year is, again, because we're looking at a sustainable tax rate.
Patricia A. Little: They'll come in the way they do, depending on the pattern of our sales. And we're really not giving that level of quarterly guidance. I'd just think about it right now as a second half impact.
Patricia A. Little: Yes. I think that's a great question. Thanks for the question. We talked about the amount of savings that we wanted to deliver through our Margin for Growth Program. That's coming in a little higher than we expected. And that's given us the opportunity to both maintain our bottom line as well as incrementally invest in the second half of the year on a couple of things: first, against advertising and related marketing spend that Michele talked about; second, about the capabilities that we talked about in the first part of the remarks. So when Michele's talking about things like unlocking the demand landscape, using analytics against our consumer or growing our e-commerce capabilities, those are investments that we're making. So we are ramping up those capabilities in the second half of the year. And then finally, as Michele mentioned, we do have a new ERP system going in. And that spending is also starting to really ramp up in our SG&A in the second half of the year.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. I think that's a good way to think about it. As you know, we've put a real focus on rightsizing and rationalizing our China business. It's one of the first pieces of the Margin for Growth area that we focused on and where we'll see some of the early wins. We are seeing those wins. And inherent in that is a lot of moving parts, including looking at the SKUs and making sure that we're going to market with productive and profitable SKUs. It means rationalizing where we participate in the markets in terms of channel mix as well as geography. And so all of that is having a planned impact on our overall sales and we knew that would happen, but it's resulting in a more healthy business and that was our goal. And we're very pleased with that.
Patricia A. Little: Yeah. So great question and I think you made a good point, which is year-to-date, we are slightly positive in our International and Other segment. So when I say around breakeven, it would sort of encompass that. We do recognize that with a lot of moving parts going on in China, in particular, there are a certain amount of things that we want to protect against in that world. And so that's a little bit of my maybe conservatism on that piece of the business. We also mentioned some of the trends we think will be a little pressured in Brazil in the second half of the year as well. When you're this close to breakeven, we're talking about plus or minus pretty small numbers.
