Lawrence Culp: Matt, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get into the details of the quarter, I’d like to say a few words about the announcement we made yesterday regarding the CEO succession. Next year, marks my 25th anniversary with the company with more than half of that time as President and CEO. I’ll be in the fortunate position next year of having 14 years in the CEO saddle, while yet still shy of my 52nd birthday. Although many CEOs do not serve this long, I am sure last night’s news comes as a surprise for many of you not because of my tenure, but because of my age. I am convinced in my head that it’s the right time for a transition, both for Danaher and for me personally. This decision is mine. So let me answer the obvious question, why? It’s pretty simple actually, after spending half of my life with this great company, I’d like to do something different in the next chapter of my life. Danaher today is strong, I think you see that in our results and we have every conceivable strategic degree of freedom in front of us. The team is strong and Tom is the right person to be our next CEO. I’m a life-long student of Thomas Jefferson and have always been struck by the wisdom of what he has written about the benefits of revolution every twenty years or so. So while I don’t anticipate a revolution per se at Danaher, I do take a fresh look of free swing to be a value to the company. That said, this decision is hard on the hard. I love this job and more importantly the people with whom I get to work every day. I will miss them greatly. So many of you have asked so what I am going to do. Well, after this call, I am going to go back to work. We have a lot going on and there is much I want to do before next March. First, Tom, the rest of the team and I will be working closely to effect the smooth Danaher class transition. In turn, I am looking forward to spending more time in some areas of real interest to me, particularly education and perhaps even teaching. I am also keen doing some things with my family with the 24/7 nature of this job to make difficult. And I am hopeful that I will be able to bend the rod more regularly than I had in recent years. But good bye to the long way off today. So let me stop there and hand it over to our Chairman, Steven Rales for a few comments before we discuss the details of the first quarter.
Lawrence Culp: Scott, I understand the concern, but I think that’s the last way we would think about it. Tom and I have worked together for 25 years. We have been both partners for over a decade. So I think that on the M&A front, Tom begins to be more a part of that conversation as we think about identify and cultivating pursuing targets. We wouldn’t chase anything at this point that Tom wasn’t fully brought into. But we do not slow down here at all in terms of what we want to do from an M&A perspective. I think that we got the time here to effect operationally, organizationally a very smooth transition and I am exceptionally confident that Tom, Dan, the rest of the team and I are going to be able to work together as we always have over these next several months during transition. Tom of course will be spending time with businesses that he doesn’t know as well, getting up to speed on some of the CEO duties that will be his come mark, but from an M&A perspective, I think it’s very much business as usual. And I have to go back – if you go back to my first year as CEO, I’ll never forget my first Danaher Leadership Conference where we announced three deals that week. So there is think precedent and confidence to suggest here that the transition no way will dilute or impede our activity on the M&A front.
Lawrence Culp: Good morning, Steve.Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan Securities: Congrats Larry. I echo with Scott’s comments.
Lawrence Culp: But thanks for asking it. Steve, you know I am very fortunate given the great run that we had for a long time here that there probably hasn’t been a large public job that hasn’t been floated my way in the last six, seven years. But you see where I am. This is a great job. Tom, he is a lucky guy to have that opportunity here in a while. My view is, I am going to be full speed up until March 1 and then I am going to be in advisory capacity doing anything and everything that Tom wants me to do including get out of the way. But I am genuine and serious about wanting to do some other things. So while I would say never say never, I think I’ve had a pretty good job here and in this realm, it will be tough to be.Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay, congrats to Tom by the way too.
Lawrence Culp: Steve, I think if you look both at the consumables versus technologies divide as well as the look around the world, the strength was very broad based. I don’t think they continue at that rate. We did get a little bit of help from Japan given the VAT increase. But it was once said dental is a mid single-digit grower, strong imaging and digital franchises and technologies, and while they are rarely home run products in consumables we had a wonderful wave of products launched at Midwinter. The team continues to execute better both in the U.S. and in Europe while China clearly is a concern for a lot of folks, our dental business continues to do very well there. So, again I think we probably come down a little bit from what we saw in the first quarter but dental ought to continue to be a contributor to it for us as we go through the year.Steven Winoker – Sanford Bernstein & Co: Okay, great. Thank you.
Lawrence Culp: Well, I think a lot of our internal initiatives are around the high growth markets, around what we are doing in terms of taking full advantage of the web, what we are doing increasingly at a platform and regional level is work that we won’t finish when Tom hands. This is the work that Tom and I and the rest of the team has been engaged in together for some time. Tom and I will be dividing and conquering over the next year and that’s where I’ve been focused and we’d expect to continue to be focused. Clearly, getting the team ready as well, as they assume the new and additional responsibilities will be part of – of where I’ll be focused. But also just making sure that Tom's ready. I can vouch now from experience that this is one of the more meaningful transitions that you have as an operating leader. Tom is more than capable, but we want to make sure he is just tuned all the way up come March 1 to be ready to go as I know he will be.
Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that we will take this stability that we are seeing in some of the larger tech verticals like computers, communications, semi and alike. The broader distribution business has actually been decent, but again because of the gov dynamics particularly in the U.S. here at the start of the year which we saw – I know some competitors have spoken to, puts us in that flattish zone. We’d like to thin k we see a little bit of an uptick from there but don’t anticipate necessarily a pronounced spring back at Tektronix through 2014, but gradual improvement.
Lawrence Culp: Julian, thank you. Relative to your question, I think you really have to look at the segment in two halves, the communication platform has really been a nice performer for us, particularly around the mobile networks build out that we’ve been a large part of. We think that opportunity that challenge is to keep up with the explosion in bandwidth demand that we are all generating which will be with us for a while. Soft start to the year in network security, but as you know the last couple years, that’s been a strong performer for us and we are optimistic that it will return the type of performance as we go through the year. But on the instrument side, Fluke has had a tough goal of it, particularly in places like China where there is the slowdown in the industrial factor has been particularly pronounced. At Tektronix we just spoke to that a moment ago with Shannon, I think those dynamics are well known. But we are encouraged by Fluke here putting up another quarter of positive growth. We really like these new products that are coming out and a review just last week with the commercial team I really liked what I saw in terms of the launch plans for the second quarter and the second half. So while Fluke is unlikely to be a high single-digit grower for us any time soon we think we get Fluke back here to a more normal low to mid single-digit range as we go through the course of the year and while tech will be challenged we build on that stability and hopefully get them back to growth as we go through the year.
Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that, we did a bit better from a bookings perspective and again better in bookings than we did in shipments. But the trend through the quarter was positive for us in that regard primarily with consumables but that North American equipment comment that we made, we think it’s significant, because it’s really the combination of so much of the work the team has done the last several years. As you know, it will take a while to get those orders converted into new boxes on the floor and in turn see that consumable stream. But we think that as we move forward sequentially through the course of the year that we will see a pick up as a result of those as increased wins here in North America, done unlike what we are sitting already in terms of early benefits from the return of the component to our whole suite of analyzers. So it will be gradual, I wish it was more rapid, but we will take the early indicators here of progress and then we can build on the print through the course of 2014.
Steve Rales: Thank you, Larry and good morning everyone. I’d like to begin by saying that the Board fully endorses everything that Larry has just said. He has done an outstanding job to this company for 24 years and in particular as CEO during the past 13 years. As most of you know, we will be sorry to see Larry eventually move on, but we respect his personal decision and are fully confident we will have a smooth transition just as we did with our two previous CEO transitions. As all of us well know, Larry has been instrumental in driving Danaher’s success. Just a few highlights. Revenues I have watched them grown from about $4 billion to nearly $20 billion while our market cap has grown from under $10 billion to more than $50 billion. Shareholder returns of five times that of the S&P 500 index since Larry took the rings. Our annual revenue and high growth markets has increased ten-folds from less than $500 million to now $5 billion and free cash flow has exceeded net income every year of his tenure. At the same time. Larry has played a central role in expanding the Danaher business system and is building Danaher into a science and technology company. He has also developed the deep and talented management team that is ready to take on new challenges. Larry is the first to acknowledge that there is always more work to be done, but mean time, Board and management recognizes his many achievements and we thank him for his (Inaudible). Fortunately, Danaher has a history of developing strong managers and Tom Joyce is ready to become our next CEO. Tom has spent 25 years with Danaher and in 53 still has plenty of runway ahead of him. He has succeeded throughout his career and challenging assignments in all parts of Danaher. Tom is a superb strategic thinker with strong operating and people skills. He is currently responsible for our water quality, life sciences, and diagnostics platforms which collectively represents $9 billion of annual revenues. He help shape the current portfolio with the acquisition and integration of many of Danaher’s leading brands including Beckman Coulter, AB SCIEX and ChemTreat. He is also a seasoned teacher and practitioner of DBS and has played a key role in enhancing many of the tools and metrics upon which DBS is built. All of us have great confidence in Tom’s ability to lead Danaher to execute on our strategic priorities and in turn with the supporting cast and 65,000 plus associates create significant value for our shareholders. Now, let me turn the call back to Larry to talk about earnings.
Steve Rales: Thank you, Scott. I think the conversations about longer-term strategy and capital allocation are regular subjects to the Board. This is the Board that’s not unfamiliar with either of those. We'll examine the market as we always do. We have lengthy conversations with Larry, Tom, Dan and the rest of the team and we’ll continue to evaluate opportunities as we have for the last 25 or 30 years. We think it’s an exciting runway ahead, we’ve never been into better position from the balance sheet standpoint and I think there are plenty of opportunities that will be very exciting and I expect shareholders at the end of the day will be winners as a result.
Steve Rales: Thank you, Jeff. But first let me say yes, I am a shareholder of Colfax Corporation, full stop. Second, going back to what we talked about earlier, our Board has a very long view and our objective is to continue to try and find the way along with the management to make our businesses better and add value for shareholders. It’s an evolving process. It’s an ambulatory process. We are constantly looking at M&A, there is a certain vicinity if you will to the law of large numbers but we think more about opportunities and making our businesses better. Truthfully, Larry and Dan do a very nice job of communicating the company’s view on M&A, so I would defer to either them on the question.
Daniel Comas: Sure, Nigel. This is Dan. Good morning. Consumables were up 4% during the quarter which has been pretty consistent, maybe 50 basis points lighter than what we saw in the second half of last year. I think you could really explain that entirely by the one less selling day. I think what was really encouraging during the quarter was the equipment side. We were up 3.5%, that is the best number we posted in a number of quarters, balance stability it was the first, as Larry alluded to, better breadth in China. It’s the first quarter in a long time that all five segments were up in China. Healthcare was up more than industrial but again seeing some footing there. We were up 100 basis points in terms of core margin expansion. Some good improvement there, do we make a little bit more money on consumables and equipment we do but it didn’t really seem to impact margins at all during the quarter.
Daniel Comas: Nigel, on the dividend, it’s like the increase we know it’s still relatively modest, it represents at $0.40 a share would represent about 10% of our free cash flow per year. So we are not trying to signal anything there. The strong bias is still very much M&A and expect that to continue. But it does create another vector to return some capital to shareholders.
Daniel Comas: Jeff, we closed five acquisitions in the quarter which was an increase and we are seeing actually an increase around small deals which hopefully will be a positive sign about potentially getting something bigger done. Spend about a $160 million so relatively modest. A mix, some of those are businesses that are relatively low margin today, but it will come in as bolt-ons or create opportunities on the margin side, so those are all situations where we think we can get a 10% return, exceed 10% within three years.Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: All right, thank you very much and good luck Larry.
Daniel Comas: Julian, we were – core margins are up about 75 basis points in the first quarter. So there was a little bit of acquisition noise. Life science was stronger than diagnostics, and again I think diagnostics, their shipments were up low single-digits that was – we believe largely impacted by one less day. If you look at their orders, they were up mid single-digits. So I think that’s encouraging. That creates a little bit of negative mix just because if the incremental sales of consumables is at higher margins. So I think you will see continued very good margin performance and expansion in the segment.
Daniel Comas: Well, it’s coming up in part because of increased placement at Beckman, because of our leasing model. That shows up in CapEx. So some of the increase in CapEx is less traditional PPV, it’s actually expanding our installed base at Beckman which is obviously a good sign for the business.
Daniel Comas: I think, you are seeing on an improvement here in Q2 as Larry alluded to given the stronger shipments in March relative to the first few months that hurt us a little bit from a timing perspective on CapEx but I think that will shortly reverse itself.
