H. Culp: Well, I think you see signs of weakness all the time, Steve, but having been with the China and India teams earlier this week, albeit telephonically, I would characterize the general tone and outlook is quite buoyant, and we clearly are working to get some very tough comps. I mean, we've seen some signs in China, for example, of a slow start in a couple of businesses, water being one, on account of the timing around the 5-year plan, maybe a bit more so than the tightening. I think some of our businesses are on the outlook for signs of credit tightening, where they deal with that smaller customers. But by and large, I think their mood was quite upbeat with respect to second half. India is obviously dealing with a couple of different issues. But I'd say by and large, we expect a little of the froth to come off, but still think as we look at the third quarter and certainly the second half, the emerging markets will lead the way.
H. Culp: Yes. Steve, I think that, that's exactly right, just to make sure we're all in the same page. We certainly saw Gilbarco play out in the first half, very much as we would have anticipated, in large part, because of the tough comps on the payment schemes here in the first half. That obviously gets easier for us as the year goes on, and we would expect them to be more of a contributor here as we go forward. As we talk about your conference, not that long ago, obviously, we've also seen a little bit of pressure in the muni world at Hach Lange, and to a lesser degree, Trojan. So we're watching that carefully. But as we look at the third quarter, I think that when we talk about the guidance for the quarter, I think the Environmental segment won't be leading the way here. And we talk about our growth guidance for the quarter or for the second half being in that 6% to 8% range, as we've talked, I suspect Environmental will probably be south of that midpoint, but specifically, I think on the GVR we'll begin to improve from here.
H. Culp: Sure. Well, I think the -- from a regulatory point of view, this is a global initiative. It's not a U.S. effort, as I know you know Deane, and I think that our read of the political landscape, and I don't think we necessarily have a unique perspective here is that the global agreement will come into force here this year as the folks that aren't yet on board are indeed that signed up. I think that will really trigger this market in earnest. In anticipation of that, as you've indicated, we have been investing heavily at Trojan to really take their disinfection technologies, which they deploy in a whole host of, if you will, land-based applications, primarily it's waste and drinking water treatment facilities, but also in industrial and commercial applications to these cargo ships to basically help them disinfect the water used as ballast before it's dumped at port. That I think is a product capability that we have. We can, by and large, do that ourselves, but obviously, we don't really have a shipboard capability. So we're partnering there, Deane, really from a sales and service perspective to make sure that the technology and the packaging we have is well deployed and obviously a very new vertical for us. So as I indicated in the prepared remarks, we're in the process of a rigorous test protocol for this disinfection equipment that occurs both on land and in situ on board ships. The order book is beginning to percolate here. I really don't think this is a needle mover for us with respect to revenue in 2011, but I suspect by the time you see more, let's say, at year end, we'll be talking about 2012 revenue and we're going to stick to that $1 billion band. That's a big number. And it's still very early in this regard, but again, obviously flagging it here, we're very optimistic about this being a meaningful growth driver for Trojan and for the Environmental segment going forward.
H. Culp: Yes. I think that's a fair read, particularly in the developed markets. I think that China has, obviously, been a big growth driver for us. I think the team's prediction that the new 5-year plan would cause projects to be a little unclear with respect to timing in 2011 has played out. But I think China gets better for us as we move forward, all things being equal, and who knows what's going to happen with respect to some of these municipalities given some of the political headlines of late, but still good growth. It's all relative here. A little bit of the top has come off at Hach Lange in the wake of these pressures, but they're still performing very well, and we think they will in the second half of this year.
H. Culp: Sure, Steve. I think what we saw at TEK was a strong finish following a light start to the quarter. I think we were pleased to see, as we indicated in our prepared remarks, orders north of shipments at a double-digit rate, very encouraged by that. I think as we saw that build through the quarter and even here early in July, TEK would appear to be in good shape and obviously some of the technology end markets that we serve are showing some signs of softness. So we're watching that carefully, but I think given the book-to-bill dynamic there, given the sequential progress through the quarter and frankly, the new product introductions that we commented on that are coming to market here in the second half, we feel very good about where TEK is right now.
H. Culp: Well, I think it's a balance right now, Steve, because, again, we had a very strong core growth quarter in the second. I think our outlook for the second half is still quite positive. So we don't want to head for the bunkers prematurely. That said, I think we're always in a mode this time of year to make sure that we're taking a sober look to second half, not only with respect to this year, but also making sure that where the structural opportunities are that those are being identified, so we can continue our quiet restructuring and we would anticipate doing that here in the second half. I think you've heard us for a while now say that we're not seeing dramatic impact from the headlines in the businesses. That's good, but we're taking nothing for granted right now, so we're watching things very carefully and the businesses now to, not only watch as leading indicators, but also to be ready in the event that a more dramatic storm comes ashore here.
H. Culp: I think we're on record of saying our second half deal envelope is probably in the $300 million range, so that would suggest wrecking the balance sheet beyond recognition. Steve, I don't think we'll be going there any time.
H. Culp: Jon, I would say that we were pleased with the second quarter performance at Beckman. If you kind of look at the last 2 quarters there, they've been up low single, up, call it, 2%. Obviously not where we want to be, but I think very much where we thought they would be. And that's I think -- and then you saw second quarter, we saw the second quarter in line pretty much with the last couple of quarters in that regard. So I think we're comfortable with the state of affairs there. You know that we've tried to keep expectations around revenue very modest here given that there are some other issues we need to work through, but I think as we look at the second half of '11, as we look at 2012 right now, we're right where we've been assuming a flattish revenue outlook ahead of the real impact that we're going to have on the top line by improving quality, getting past some of the regulatory challenges, making sure that we are aggressive from a competitive perspective in terms of how we get out and take care of our customers, let alone what we want to do from a new product perspective over time. So no real change, but we much prefer being here today on the other side of closing because we're able just to operate differently and build the momentum we had, albeit the planning momentum over the last 4 or 5 months.
H. Culp: Jon, I think it's a tough line to draw here in the back of obviously a couple of quarters of very good growth. I think we are encouraged by our performance with the 5600 from a new product perspective. I think there are a number of geographies, particularly North America where we're very pleased with the improved commercial execution of the organization. But clearly, as you know, as well as anyone, the market has been upbeat. Pharma has been, I think, better in the first half of this year than anyone might have anticipated, but I think that this business is doing well. We'll see where some of the other folks come in here. But I think in the first half of this year, we probably took a little bit of share in certain corners. I was up in Boston with the team yesterday. I think they are feeling very good about the response today at ASMS around some of the add-ons the 5600, feeling very good about some prospects for the second half, let alone the product, the new product development pipeline. So all in all, it's still only 18 months in, right, with SCIEX, but we really like where we are with this business.
H. Culp: John, I think the -- I think the headlines given what they are obviously have us tempering our thinking here, but I think all in all, as we look at the top line and the BCM here for the second half, as well as the nickel from Beckman, I think we feel very good about that guidance. Certainly, as we look at some of the things that we want to make sure we work through beyond the obvious, whether it's the muni, the muni headwinds that we talked about a moment ago. Obviously, Japan from a supply chain perspective was something we said we'd like to see through, though I think the signs there are all positive and some other items there. But I think all in all, we feel very comfortable about where we are in the second half.
H. Culp: Yes. Now again, I think we're talking about 6% to 8% core for the second half and that should be from what we see today, balanced between the third and the fourth.
H. Culp: I think you've got a number of swing factors there, John, but I'd take a balanced view there given where we are, which is why I think it would show [ph]. I would say we'd take a balance view as to the over/under on that, that flattish outlook, which...
H. Culp: Well, the cost synergy efforts really works against us this year, as Dan highlighted, because we're going to be putting some of that investment into the business ahead of pulling out that $0.25 billion dollars of cost that we've talked about. I think, John, we are very confident given the planning that has been underway for many months now that we can safely reduce their cost structure by that amount and do that. And when I say safely, what I'm referring to and have that come out without impairing the business' ability to grow, to improve quality, to invest in innovation and the like. So I'm highly confident that, as we move forward, we're going to find other opportunities. I think for today, we're going to stay with that $250 million cost out number.
H. Culp: Yes. No, I think it was strong and certainly as we look at the third quarter, I'd say that Industrial Tech, the segment, probably going to be on the high end of that 6% to 8% growth range, though it certainly be above the midpoint. I think your question is -- I think properly framed, if we just look the industrial landscape, but not limited to our Industrial Tech businesses, I think what we saw whether it's the Thomson where we sell through distribution, be it the Fluke industrial business, Our POS was by and large pretty good and I think the distribution by and large was fairly upbeat. And I think as the quarter wore on, things were stable, things were solid. Where we did see I think a little bit of softness, John, was more of the OEM side of the business and that's another one of these second half areas that we're going to have to watch. Certainly at Kollmorgen we saw that and that was primarily in our technology end market. So no surprise there, but obviously something that we want to watch given the supply chains and the build rate risk factors that we would have in our limited OEM facing business.
H. Culp: Yes. No, and nobody more than me and Dan here, so we understand the question. I would say that it was a bit -- it was kind of -- it was bumpy as we went through May and June. So it's really hard to discern an exact trend and we certainly didn't see a dramatic falloff in our leading indicators, but we did see a softening order, but maybe a little softer than we would have anticipated. So again, that's why we want to make sure we're on our toes here come the second half.
H. Culp: Well, I think that from a regulatory perspective, Shannon, we feel very good about the progress the business is making. Obviously, troponin is probably the single assay under question that gets the most attention. Certainly, plenty of work ahead of us in that regard, so no news this morning in that regard. But again, I would just remind, maybe the broader group that the regulatory challenge at Beckman Coulter is not strictly one born of 3 specific assays where they've had issues historically. It also incorporates a broader quality system effort that has been, I think, well documented and that's going to be a -- that is a significant undertaking. We're pleased with the progress that the company has made. We've had obviously a lot of visibility, not only on the plans, but the progress that we're knee-deep in that with them now. That's our #1 priority here in the short term. Obviously, it will be in the long-term as well. But I'm very encouraged by the trajectory that the Beckman team is on in that regard. But again, a lot of work to do. I think more broadly, the integration planning has gone exceptionally well, Shannon. The transition team is probably, on a full-time equivalent basis, almost 25 people strong from a Danaher view in terms of our folks spending virtually all their time at Beckman. We have made some organizational changes there. We have begun to exit the public company structure and in turn the publicly cost that go with that. We have split the business formally into 2 halves, a Diagnostics and a Life Sciences business, to provide appropriate focus around each of those businesses. We've made a few changes as a result of those 2 moves, which have included the insertion of a Danaher CFO, as well as one of our group execs as the, in essence, the Chief Transition Officer for the business. Tom Joyce continues to oversee all of this. Bob Hurley, the Beckman CEO is a full partner in that effort with Tom, and we're feeling very good about the outlook. Again, a lot of long days and weeks ahead to be sure.
H. Culp: Right. Well, there -- they need to be much higher. Let's make no mistake about that. I think what you saw in the second quarter, Shannon, was really a function of a couple of things. Certainly, we had a -- this plant that we're taking out has impacted margins as we would have anticipated, call that quiet restructuring. We certainly have stepped up the growth spending there largely around the second half ramp for the new imaging products that I referenced, as well as in light of the traction we have the emerging markets with the collaboration between KaVo and Sybron long overdue and now well underway. And I think the third issue there was really some of the negative mix we had in certain product categories that certainly didn't help. The team understands that they ought to be a 15-plus percent OP business. They have a roadmap that they are executing in that regard and we would anticipate that nothing less from that business.
H. Culp: As we saw in the second quarter, right, because they were up 100 basis points sequentially from the first.
H. Culp: No, I think the path to 15% plus at dental is a multi-year effort obviously more of the work resides at KaVo than it does at Sybron, but that progress continues and they need to deliver more of it, obviously, given where they are versus that target. But we're confident we'll do that.
H. Culp: Jeff, I would say that the effort that has been underway is a considerable one here for the better part of the year. As a result, you're certainly seeing an increase spend in RA/QA type activities across the company, but I don't think that we see a dramatic step up from here relative to what they need to do. It really is more just executing on the plan that has been laid out, that has been staffed, that has been funded over a multi-year period to make sure that we are as good as any company with respect to fulfilling our regulatory obligations, not only to regulators, but obviously in turn to our customers.
H. Culp: Jeff, I don't think that's what we're saying. I think what we're saying is we've assumed a level of spend there that takes a number of different forms that we think is important. And while a lot of that activity maybe in what you might think of is remediation mode, that will transition into maintenance mode as we move forward. So again, I think we see tremendous cost reductions at Beckman. We see strong margin expansion potential. But first things first, quality and RA/QA top that list. So we're not assuming any reductions there.
H. Culp: Yes. We were -- we would anticipate, Jeff, I think using these calls to give you as much of an update as we can, as we move forward. It will be hard to report the Danaher quarter from here on out without a significant amount of time on Beckman, but we'll also obviously be talking about Beckman at different conferences and the like as part of our normal IR rounds.
H. Culp: I would -- as we think about the back half here again with the 6% to 8% range for core, I think we would anticipate that industrial will be above that with Product ID playing a significant role, albeit without the new acquisition Esko being in that calculation. They're off to an outstanding start by the way. So we would -- we have a strong outlook here in the second half with the ID.
H. Culp: Well, I think what we saw in the second quarter was very encouraging. I again, as I think Dan indicated, across T&M and certainly in the comps group positive book-to-bill, good strength. Some of the comps that are out there that you maybe referring to aren't necessarily the best comps. We don't have a lot of exposure in certain verticals, typically around financial services and with the government, the federal government here in the U.S. that some other folks do. Our exposure tends to be more with the carriers certainly on the mobile side where we're seeing very strong growth at TEK Comm and much of that net is really an enterprise play where we've seen with our portfolio very good performance, and that coupled with a good emerging market exposure is why I think those businesses have fared very well relative to some other companies that maybe comps, but really aren't competitors.
H. Culp: I think the short answer is yes. Certainly, as we look at the geographies, emerging markets led the developed markets and the U.S. was ahead of Europe, so it was really the first time we saw that differentiated performance out of Europe. I would say, it was by and large broad-based and certainly didn't necessarily get better as the quarter wore on and the hanks and the like from the headlines grew.
H. Culp: Jason, I think we see a lot of runway. We have not yet been shipping the 5600 for 4 quarters yet. So that coupled with all the KOL support and we feel good about that, but it's always time to think about the next-generation products. And again, I was up with the team. We did an R&D review yesterday. There's always -- this is always the part of a new acquisition integration that takes longer to affect, but I think we're very encouraged about what you'll see AB SCIEX rollout over the next several years by themselves, and obviously over time, you're going to see some of those synergies I referred to at the outset come into play there as well. So we're thrilled about what they've done here in the first half and just have a very upbeat outlook as we think about that business going forward.
H. Culp: Jason, our efforts thus far both in planning and here in the last couple of weeks with respect to execution had been focused again, first and foremost, on quality, and I'd say second on growth. So we're already spending a lot of time in a whole host of ways trying to help the top line, both in the near term and the long term. So I think what we've tried to suggest is that despite that activity, given the context of flattish revenue outlook is probably the sober frame for the rest of this year and through next year. I think our hope and intent is that come 2013 and beyond, you'll begin to see the impact of Danaher and DBS on Beckman's core growth. I think the nature of the work is just more straightforward, as Dan highlighted. You'll see that impact with respect to cost out far sooner, but that pairing, that timing of those activities is I think by and large typical and certainly appropriate for this situation.
Daniel Comas: Steve, we will have about $0.14 or $0.15 a share in the second half, primarily related to inventory step-up and deferred revenues. So of that $0.15 that we'll call out in the second half, probably 85%, 90% of that will be noncash in nature. There will be a little bit of cash cost to take out the Beckman bonds here in the third quarter, and we expect to be done with all that by the end of the year.
Daniel Comas: And Steve, I would add to that, that dynamic of orders being better than shipments was also true at Fluke and at TEK Communications as well. We had a very good order book across Test & Measurement in the second quarter.
Daniel Comas: It was -- order -- the shipment growth in Test & Measurement was 10%. Our order growth was mid-teens. That's going to be 1.04, 1.05 or something, I guess.
Daniel Comas: Yes. I think our appetites are doing a very large deal and having to issue a substantial portion of that deal with our equity. It's a very, very tough time.
Daniel Comas: Jon, in terms of accretion in the back half, our expectation is that all that nickel will come in the fourth quarter. We anticipate pretty substantial quiet restructuring. We don't plan to call it out in the third quarter. We will have additional restructuring and realignment cost in the fourth quarter, as well as into 2012. That's all factored in there, but we have a lot of actions we're going after as we speak. There will be a big impact of that in Q3. We think we can absorb that and have it be neutral to EPS. It would be the right thing for the business to position it and then start to be accretive in the fourth quarter.
Daniel Comas: And John, as you know, we like to have some latitude in the second half to pull forward some cost actions we would typically budget. We're in the process of budgeting for 2012. I think if the top line continues, you may see us some take some actions here that in otherwise would occur -- cost actions that would have otherwise occur in 2012.
Daniel Comas: Jeff, our planning assumption is that cost does not come out. Maybe it does, but our -- that 250 savings is not -- none of that includes the benefit of reducing their quality costs. Maybe that's conservative, but I think it's a good planning assumption.
Daniel Comas: I mean, Jeff, they have a lot of momentum. I mean, they did have a very, very strong second half last year. So from a reported basis, their core numbers probably aren't going to be quite as high as they were in the first half, but that doesn't really -- sequentially there's just -- so a lot of strength in the business right now.
Daniel Comas: Mark, I don't think we figured it in our guidance. When we issued earnings in the third week of April, the euro was 1.45 and that actually averaged a little bit less than that for the balance of the quarter. So it wasn't a surprise to us given where the euro was when we announced earnings and gave guidance in April. It obviously was a benefit of about 5%. I think it will be slightly less a couple of points here in -- maybe 3 to 4 points here in the back half, assuming the euro stays kind of in the low 1.40s, clearly there have been some volatility there, but it's in that range.
Daniel Comas: Rick, I would add that the business in Europe that probably held up the best in the second quarter was Test & Measurement. But we did, as Larry alluded to, we did see some weakness in the other industrial businesses, a little bit in Med Tech as well in Europe.
Daniel Comas: I think that's about how it played out in the second quarter and it's probably not a bad sort of rough planning assumption.
Daniel Comas: Rick, there's a little bit of noise in both of those incrementals because of both the Keithley acquisition and one-time charges there and the recent Esko acquisition in Industrial Tech. If you look across Danaher, you don't have quite this visibility, but if you strip out acquisitions and also currency, our fall through across the businesses were close to the 40%. That was true in Test & Measurement. Now Industrial Tech was a little bit low because of Motion. We are seeing some significant inflation in areas like magnets and the rare earth issue in China where some of the magnets we're buying are literally 10x the price we paid at the beginning of the year. Now they're getting a fair amount of price, they're still doing well, their margins are consistent with where they were in the first quarter, but we're not seeing the kind of seasonal improvement we see in -- more typically see in margins. And that's really in Motion, that's not the other pieces, it's not Product ID, but that's one area where inflation is hitting us very hard.
Daniel Comas: All Danaher was closer to 40%. Test & Measurement, was right in there. Industrial Tech was lower because of the dynamic I just talked about with Motion.
