Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Sure. Thanks, Tycho. A lot to cover there, starting with hematology. We've talked over the last several months, couple of quarters certainly, and most recently in my prepared remarks, about the impact of our new hematology product line. I think you probably know, Tycho, it's been in the works really since we acquired Beckman. That particular product line was a product line where we had some real challenges. And these new products, the DxH product line, particularly 900 with the early sepsis indicator, is making a significant difference. We have literally turned that business around from a business where we were not happy with our retention and our win rates to the point where now we're very happy with our retention and our win rates. And we're seeing growth in that business now that is having a material impact on the improved performance that you're now seeing from Beckman overall. Relative to the overall growth of Beckman, however, it's not purely a hematology story. Improvements in our menu across the board, across each of the analytical modalities, improvements in our automation systems – I noted the DxA 5000 which is also having impact, particularly in labs that are really challenged in terms of throughput and skilled labor where we're reducing the need for skilled labor. It's really all of those things combined that are having impact on seeing that consistent mid-single digit growth rate that Beckman is now improving towards. So, I think it's a combination of things. You asked specifically about China. We're seeing continued good performance in China. Beckman has always had a strong position in China. It's always been a key growth driver for us and it continues to be so. Clearly, it's is a highly competitive market, but we are extremely well-positioned there and continuing to see good growth, very high retention rates and very solid win rates as well. You asked about vendor consolidation. And if I caught your question accurately, I think the question was related to North America. And assuming I heard that accurately, clearly, there's always an effort across hospitals today to drive cost reductions. Vendor consolidation is certainly a part of that. But, again, as we look at our win rates and our retention rates across our North American business which is, obviously, an important part of the overall profile of Beck Dx, we continue to see both improved performance there and sustained improved performance. And again, that's underpinning that greater consistency of improvement, in fact, throughout the quarter. So, hopefully, I covered the water front. If I didn't, Tycho, happy to take a follow-up.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Sure. Tycho, we feel very good about the sustainability of our performance across Life Science. If we step back and we think about kind of Pall side of the house versus Life Science tools, Life Science tools continue to be mid-single digit across the platform. Our underlying businesses like Molecular Devices, like Microsystems, both mid-single digit performance. And then, Beck LS, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, double-digit performance. So, on the tool side, really good performance. Obviously, a little bit more weakness in SCIEX, but we're very encouraged by the order trends that we see there. So, probably only one spot there that was maybe a little bit weaker. But, overall, I'd say the tool side very solid. And then, across the Pall business and what we would see is really the biopharma side of Pall, again, very good performance there. A solid market that we see continuing to perform well. Our biopharma exposure is now north of a $1.5 billion, most of that obviously coming from Pall Biotech. Pall Biotech saw double-digit core growth in the quarter. That's six quarters in a row of double-digit core growth. And the order trends look very good. We're also seeing good sustained performance across single-use technologies and gene and cell therapies, which are showing double-digit core growth. Admittedly, some of those are smaller portions of the overall portfolio, but really good performance. And we think those are sustainable positions over time, and building. 
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Sure, of course. As you know, I think just stepping back a second, we've had eight quarters in a row of mid-single digit core growth. And we think the fourth quarter is a mid-single digit growth rate quarter as well. However, there are a couple of timing dynamics relative to our most recent – to our third quarter versus the fourth quarter. So, particularly in Diagnostics where we saw like a biosystems or radiometer at double-digit core growth rates in Q3, little help from the VIT [ph] impact in Japan, those businesses will moderate a little bit off of that double-digit core growth in Q3. And also, a couple of timing issues relative to the Life Science side where we had a big Q3, particularly for Pall, where they were some large equipment orders across biotech and the industrial side that moved from Q4 into Q3. So, really, we're talking about a little bit of timing impact there between Q3 and Q4, but we feel very good about our execution, very good about the underlying market dynamics across both Life Sciences and Diagnostics as well as across Water Quality and PID. And when you then look at our fourth quarter guidance in light of the full year, we're still talking about a full year of 2019 at 5.5% to 6%, and that's very consistent with what we talked about for the last couple of quarters. So, in general, we would characterize that fourth quarter, relative to the third, as likely more to do with timing, but still feel very good about where we'll bring in the full year.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Sure. We are not seeing any sort of unusual procurement behavior in that regard in Western Europe. Europe, overall, across Q3 was performing at about a low-single digit rate. That's down a little bit clearly from the first half. We've seen a bit of softness in certain pockets, like at Videojet, a bit at SCIEX and a bit at like a Microsystems.  As we look at where those pockets of softness, I think they really speak to some of the overall macro softness in Europe because when we unpack where some of the differences are between the first half and the second half, it largely looks to be around instrumentation and equipment, some of the larger capital spend, some of the OEM customers, for example, in the packaging world, those are the areas where we some of that softness. So, I would attribute that low-single digit performance in Europe a little bit more to the macro softness in Europe than I would some – any unusual procurement behavior going on one way or the other.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: That's right. Those are the areas that would speak a little bit more to the industrial side of the house. Admittedly, we're not – with our low percentage of the portfolio that's literally industrially exposed, we're not a terrific proxy, but we can certainly see a few of those pockets, whether it's in North America or in developed Europe where some of that macro slowdown exists. But again those are pretty small pockets.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Well, Vijay, first of all, I think your summary of the portfolio today is an accurate one. We've made tremendous progress in the evolution of the portfolio towards establishing that mid-single digit growth performance. And I think we've done that with businesses that have demonstrated, over time and over cycles, their stability in driving that consistent kind of growth performance. Now, some of that comes from being in terrific markets with leading positions in those markets, but it also comes from the nature of the balance of sale whereby, as I mentioned earlier, with 70% of our revenue roughly being recurring revenue, largely in the form of consumables that are captive to the instrumentation and with the addition of service and other associated aftermarket, the combination of being in great markets with leading businesses and that strong aftermarket consumables position is what gives us confidence that we built a portfolio that is designed to be sustainable over macro cycles. Now, that doesn't mean that we are completely immune, as I just mentioned about a couple of soft spots here and there that could be geographic or could be where we have a little bit of exposure to a more industrial-oriented market. But in general, we've built a portfolio to that effect. And, yes, the addition of the GE Biopharma business is but one more significant step in reinforcing that kind of market position. So, we feel very good about that looking forward into 2020 and beyond.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Scott, you know we love to make life easy for all of the visitors on this call. One of our goals, among many.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Sure, Scott. Well, when we initially announced this deal, we did it with the clear understanding that regulators were going to do what obviously they would do in a deal of this magnitude, and that that would be done across the span of regulatory bodies from the US to Europe, other countries and certainly to China. And so, eyes wide open that those reviews would take place and that there was always a prospect that there could be a small portion of the GE portfolio or the Danaher Life Science portfolio that the regulators may have questions about. And so, the sale of the businesses that we announced earlier this week to Sartorius was really a function of what we believe were very constructive discussions with regulatory bodies across the world and with a clear understanding of what the rationales were from their perspective as well as ours, and this is simply something that regulatory bodies along with us came to the point where we thought – where both parties thought that this made sense. And so, it really was a series of globally-oriented conversations and made sense to take that step.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Well, Doug, as you saw in the announcement – first of all, those divestitures are pretty modest on a relative basis at $140 million. So, less than 5% of the revenues that we are going to acquire. But, of course, the regulatory process is a fluid one. So, while we believe this was a significant – a major step towards approval, at this point, we can't comment on this any further. It was an important milestone. But as we commented, we don't expect either this deal to close, nor the actual formality of those approvals to be completed until the first quarter and, therefore, closing immediately following that. We can't comment any further about any prospects for any further actions.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Doug, I'll take the Biopharma piece first and Matt will jump back in on the Dx margins. Yes, the simple answer is, what you are hearing from other sources around the growth in the bioprocessing market overall as being a double-digit growth rate market and a very attractive one, and one by the way that we and obviously others believe is sustainable in terms of its growth prospects, we at Pall are clearly benefiting from that and taking advantage of that opportunity to drive that kind of growth. We did put up double-digit growth within that business, and that's across obviously our filtration business, which is fundamental to biologic drug production, but also includes growth in the really innovative ends of the spectrum around Biopharma which is really around single use technologies which are becoming increasingly important as biological drugs are being produced in smaller and smaller batch sizes for unique patient populations, as well as in the growth areas around cell and gene therapy, which while being somewhat nascent today are going to be significant growth drivers in the future and we are participating in that growth today with outstanding products and I think a series of new products that will be coming over time that we're very excited about.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Sure, Steve. Thanks. So, let's start with SCIEX. You heard my comment accurately that while SCIEX was down slightly in the quarter, we are, in fact, encouraged by the order trends that we're seeing and we do in fact expect some improved performance in the fourth quarter. When we look at the quarter itself, third quarter, we clearly were up against a tough comp. SCIEX, so I think I mentioned was up nearly 10% in the third quarter of last year. So, certainly, a bit of a challenge from a comp standpoint. But we did see some – outside of that, some softness in North America. A little bit of that was timing of some larger deals in the second half between Q3 and Q4, but also – and this does get a little bit into some of the market segments that you asked about. We are seeing the consolidation of some small and midsize reference labs, and that has created a bit of a headwind there.  You asked about specifically the clinical market, and SCIEX has certainly had a position in clinical over time, but over the last couple of years, we've seen a number of challenges in that market that are not unique to SCIEX. Just broadly defined challenges around changes in reimbursement and guidelines around pain management, for one example. And, certainly, the impact both across small and midsize labs are related to those challenges in clinical. So, SCIEX was really built on the back of tremendous strength and depth of technologies and capabilities around pharma. Small molecule certainly originally and more recently around large molecule positions. And those positions continue to be reasonably good, particularly biopharma which, obviously, is a growth segment. Core small molecule pharma was much more modest in its growth globally. Academic was actually – remain pretty good really across North America and China. And I think, overall, we think SCIEX is going to continue to be a leader in that market, a real innovator and one where, over time, we'll see a pickup after third quarter. You asked about the municipal market. And our exposure to the municipal market or the government market is, for the most part, associated with our Water Quality platform. And in that case, the term municipal is probably more appropriate to our position really than any broader governmental construct, at least in the US. And what we've seen most recently in the US and in Europe would be that municipal spending has generally been pretty consistent. And that's what's driven the mid-single digit growth rates that we put up at Water Quality across the US and Western Europe. And that applies certainly to Hach, it applies to Trojan and a bit to ChemTreat, although ChemTreat tends to be more associated with applied markets. In China, where we continue to see good performance for our Water Quality platform, albeit against a very tough comp associated with what's called Policy 61, which we noted in the prepared remarks, that market is continuing to be an outstanding market. And, yes, it is largely associated with government or, in particular, environmental ministry oriented regulations, such as Policy 61 which drove an increased level of monitoring in surface waters across China last year. That will continue to be a positive dynamic across water quality. So, right now, we see pretty consistent and steady performance around both municipal spending in the developed markets as well as a little bit more governmental orientated attention to environmental issues in the high growth markets.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Sure, Dan. Yeah, I think perhaps a little bit of timing issue between Q3 and Q4 here and the margin would have been a little bit more pronounced than what we've seen. But I think if you look at the fundamentals underneath each one of the platforms, Life Science, Diagnostics and EAS, each one of them continued to perform quite well. Again, our exposure to the macro environment is somewhat limited in the sense of being a good proxy for an industrial slowdown. We don't have a lot of industrial exposure left. And so, we generally feel very good about how the overall platform will perform going through the fourth quarter and how we're set up for 2020.
Thomas Joyce, Jr.: Sure. Here's one sort of way to think about it, Dan, using some specific numbers. If you look at the third quarter, our consumables business was up, call it, 6% versus the equipment side of the house, which is up more like 4%. And so, if you think back to the last couple of quarters, those have been closer to even – about equal equipment versus consumables. Here you see the consumables number continuing to be quite strong and the equipment number being a little bit softer. And I think that's probably the best way to look at what is underneath some of the softness that I talked about that may be impacted by the macro environment across a business like Videojet, for example, or SCIEX or possibly like a Microsystems, probably to name three examples of businesses where the equipment side of the house is a higher percentage of the balance of sale than on average across the portfolio. 
Matt McGrew: Tycho, it's Matt. Tom mentioned Beckman in China, but just to give you some context on Diagnostics overall in China because that might have been part of the question as well. So, from a diagnostics perspective, in China, we were double digit core here in the quarter, just to give you some sense of the overall market over there.
Matt McGrew: Yeah, it's probably going to be a little bit of both on the gross margin side and the OpEx. But the way that I kind of think about – I think you're right, Vijay. I think the way that we kind of think about the Q4 guide, especially with some of the noise in there with the NCI and the FX, we're kind of talking about 4.5% core growth, kind of a normal solid 35% fall through. And really, that NCI headwind of call it a couple of pennies is really the only change here that we've sort of made to the guide, if you will. But, yeah, I think you're right, we anticipate having pretty good fall through like we normally would expect here in the fourth quarter. I suspect it will be a little bit on the gross margin side and probably with that comes the operating leverage as well.
Matt McGrew: Yeah, Scott. It's Matt. So, I think if you kind of look back at maybe the two core metrics, if you will, that we sort of talk about with deals, if you think about core growth at Pall, so when we kind of bought Pall, I would say it was more of a low-single digit core growth business, in that over the course of, let's say, last, I guess – like you said, four years here, the team has done a really good job at kind of taking DBS – in particular, DBS on the growth side and the innovation side and really changing that fundamentally to be more of a mid-single digit plus type growth rate. So, I think you've seen a significant progress on the top line. As far as kind of OP goes, I think when that business came in, it was kind of a high teens type of OP. Today, we sort of own that business at, call it, a 1000 basis points better than that. So, we've made really good progress on kind of the team coming in there and taking out some of the costs that we knew were there. I think, if you remember, we talked about kind of a cost target at the initial that was kind of $300 million. I think we took that up even to $350 million ultimately. So, from an ROIC perspective, I think that so far as we stand here, I would stay that that exceeds where we thought we would be.
Matt McGrew: Yeah. I think the numbers that you're quoting on the Eurobond are accurate, obviously. I don't think – and we do still need to do the US deal here. And like you said, I suspect that will probably be at a higher rate, but we will get to that in the fourth quarter. I think as far as kind of trying to think through the deal model, I think I would say, at this point, we are not trying to update, if you will, kind of the GE accretion. We're, obviously, going to have some moving pieces here. You're going to have a little bit of a headwind, though modest, from the divestitures that we just announced on Monday. Obviously, just talked about likely some favorable financing costs so far on the Eurobond deal. Also, likely to have a business in the GE Biopharma business that when it – it's had a pretty good year here in 2019. So, I think the way to think about it is we will kind of holistically pull all of that together for you when we do update the guide, so that we can kind of incorporate all of that at one time.
Matt McGrew: Yeah, Doug. As far as the Dx margins go, in particular in the quarter, I think we had a pretty good performance generally speaking out of all of the businesses, but I would call out both like a biosystems and radiometer. Those are some of our higher margin businesses and, obviously, both of those growing sort of in the double-digit core growth. Certainly helps the margin performance. But, overall, I think it was pretty good with a little bit of a boost here from those businesses that had been kind of sort of high-single digits here year-to-date, turning in kind of a low-double digit performance in the quarter. So, I think that's a big ramp of it. As far as Cepheid's margins go, again, it's sort of similar to the Pall story. I think the team there has done a fantastic job of really balancing growth, while also focusing on the margin side of it. And they've done a really nice job of kind of embracing DBS and leading from the front. And today, I think when we bought it, it was sort of a – maybe a breakeven type business from an OP perspective. And today, those margins are, call it, 20% or so from an EBITA [ph] perspective.
Matt McGrew: And, Steve, as far your kind of – your question on the moving pieces with GE and Dental, I think maybe the way I think about it is sort of that, from an EPS perspective, obviously, Q4, there's no GE impact. And we talked a little bit here earlier about all the moving pieces that are there and, obviously, as we get a little closer to close, we will update all of that for 2020. But as far as Q4, obviously, nothing to think about. As far as Q4 goes for EPS for Envista, the NCI, I kind of put a placeholder of maybe $0.02 in there for the NCI for the fourth quarter. And then, as far as kind of cash flow goes, I think that was your next question. If you think about, we sort of talked about GE coming in at maybe roughly $1 billion worth of cash flow and Envista will kind of be out there, I think, talking to you guys about their own 2020 cash flow projections when they get a little closer. So, I don't want to kind of speak for them, but I think you can kind of pencil in that GE have call it a billion and we'll let Envista talk about 2020 cash flow when they talk to you guys later today.
Scott Davis: Great. It's easy covering your company. Every quarter, you put up decent numbers and not exactly sure what you make and what you sell, but it's working.
Scott Davis: I don't know if I might be the last industrial guy left, but you're not going to get rid of me that easily.
Scott Davis: So, I've got two questions for you, Tom. The first is just the asset sales. Maybe a little bit of color around how this – was this a compromise with the regulators, was this something the regulators requested, was it US regulators or was it more globally geared? Just a little bit more color on that.
