H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think with respect to the -- what you're seeing there, Steve, is we knew, given some of the investments in the segment that we were making, particularly on the sales and marketing and R&D side that margins were going to be tight in LS&D. That said -- and I say that both with respect to the Life Sciences & Diagnostics businesses as well as at Dental. We had a couple of big trade shows in Dental, for example, that we had to work through. But that said, clearly the revenue picture in LS&D, particularly in LS, was softer in the end than we anticipated. And that certainly put some of the pressure on the margins that you see. But also in addition to the revenue, I think it's important to point out that we had a couple of not necessarily one-time but I think special situations in the quarter on the expense side that we think mitigate as we go forward. One was this conversion at Leica Bio with respect to the distribution to direct sales model. We had an opportunity to move forward in that regard. I think that made sense strategically. That didn't help us from a cost perspective and practically from a volume perspective as we worked through that late in the quarter. In addition, as the regulatory front evolved over the quarter with a number of the Diagnostics businesses, we had an opportunity to accelerate some of our spending ahead of submissions. And we thought again positioning ourselves to get those new products approved made sense, so we went ahead and did that.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. Steve, it's probably somewhere in between. I mean, it really is about what we do and when we do it. So some of it is strictly timing. And at the same time, as we work through the plans for those submissions with the regulatory bodies sometimes, we'll -- as time marches on, you get a better sense of the scope and the work required. So we thought accelerating some of that spend wasn't frankly an opportunity, despite the pressure that you allude to here. And again, I think the stronger those submissions are, the sooner they're in, the better off we are relative to getting those products out and launched in time.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. Steve, I would say that we came into the quarter knowing that we were going to be missing a day. I think we came into the quarter knowing that Good Friday would be the last day of the quarter. So all of that was knowable. What we saw through the quarter was frankly that our consumables business, which, as you know, represents about 40% of our overall sales, was very much in line with our expectations. And if you adjust for the day that we missed and put aside all the end of March noise, I think we were good. I think where we fell a little bit short here with respect to the quarter was really in equipment, right? I mean, at 60% we thought we'd be up a couple of hundred basis points, and that's where we got squeezed, particularly in the U.S. as we saw some business soften in March when we thought we would finish more strongly. I wouldn't say it's bad. I think we saw the normal uptick in March, just wasn't pronounced in equipment again, in the U.S. principally, around some of the higher-ticket products. We've mentioned TEK. I think we've mentioned Motion as well in the distribution. So in the grand scheme of things, I don't think we're -- we're not necessarily excited about the macro numbers that came out here the last 3 or 4 weeks. But that said, we missed the top end of the core range by about, what, $30 million. If we'd hit that, I don't think we would be talking about some of the OP and EPS shortfalls here. But that's the way it played out. I think at this point, our sense is that while it's early and we don't have everything that we'll have in time, the shortfalls, again, largely a macro dynamic. March didn't finish as strongly as we would have anticipated. But on a relative basis, business-by-businesses, we think we're doing pretty well. I think as we look at April, things would come back in a couple of pockets in the wake of some of that end of March softness. But again, probably too early to read too much into that. Certainly, too early to read much into first couple of weeks of April relative to the equipment side of the business because while things get pushed to the right at times, it may just be a couple of weeks. Sometimes those customer decisions may take longer.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that's -- it's a bit of a mixed bag, Scott, as we read it today. I mean, you mentioned distribution and TEK. I mean, I think those are 2 different markets for us clearly where we go to market through distribution. We saw soft sell-out as well as our own sell-in. Certainly, the TEK OEMs that we deal with tend to be customers we deal with directly. And we certainly saw pockets in TEK that were soft. I think our view is that as we look at the second quarter, if you wanted to pick a segment that's likely to be down, it will be Industrial Technologies. It will be down largely on the back of Motion softness. Certainly, not softness in Product Identification, which we think will continue to be one of our better-performing businesses here in the near term.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. We certainly saw, I think, a broadening of the strength in China. Again, the first quarter is a little hard to read sequentially, given the timing of the new year there. But that said, I think we were pleased with the overall print in China, both at depth and its breadth. And as we have worked through our reviews of late with our teams there, I think by and large, there are a few exceptions where guys aren't feeling good about the year, it's really more a matter of this point of calibrating what sort of growth to expect there. But they'll definitely, I think, be one of our better high-growth markets here and the rest of the way.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think the price outlook in and around a point of price as we move forward ought to be something that we should achieve. I think on a price cost equation, Scott, in general, pretty pleased. And clearly, having the gross margin up 50 basis points here, $90 million in dollar terms year-on-year, I would suggest we're executing pretty well, not only on the price cost side but also in terms of productivity, our Danaher wide procurement activities, as well as frankly bringing new products to market with higher gross margins, which give us the benefit of the mix up. So if there's one thing I think we're particularly comfortable with, it's that effect. And clearly, we'll get, I think, additional impact from the 2012 restructuring in the gross margin mix as we move through the year.
H. Lawrence Culp: Steve, the $8 billion figure, in contrast to the prior frame, is really a function, I think, of being on the other side of Apex. Certainly, a look here at our cash position, which is strong, and our view of our cash flow now being $3-plus billion on an annual basis. And it's really -- it's just that simple. I think strategically as we think about capital deployment, our strategy is in no way changed. I think our view certainly continues to have a bias toward inorganic growth to supplement what we do organically. And we'd like to do that across the entire Danaher portfolio. So as you look today at the way Dan and I and the teams are working together, we're working, I think, funnels that are active across all of our growth platforms. Clearly, we're keen to put that capital work in that fashion.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I don't think, Steve, that as we look into the second quarter, let alone the second half, that we're here pounding the table that things are going to get better in a hurry. I think what we're trying to do here with the second quarter outlook is give you a sense of our view out the window as to our operating environment and the way that we're going to perform. If you look at the first quarter, clearly we came in in the midpoint of the range on the bottom, a little short of the range on the top. I think that midpoint mindset, if you will, probably is what's most relevant as you think about the second quarter, let alone the full year. I think to come in at the high end of this range would require the U.S. to get a little bit better than at least some of the most recent data points would suggest. And probably, the strength in China would have to pick up a bit more so than the encouraging news that we've seen. And we probably would need to have Europe at least stabilized rather than being down a couple of ticks as it has been of late. I'm not suggesting that is our scenario. But as we look forward in this lower-growth environment, I think that midpoint mindset is probably what is most useful right now.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think in terms -- we look at those investments one by one by one, right, at the operating company level. So when we see the Dental team in China rapidly accelerating their growth and profitably so, it's an easy calculation to see those feet-on-the-street investments. When you see an uptick in R&D at Videojet and in turn the flood of new products that have come out over the last couple of years and in turn the profitable growth of returns and the market share gains at VJ, you know you're getting a return there. So not that every investment that you make is going to pay off, but I think by and large, where we are investing, we see that return not only in terms of the top line and the intended share gains, but frankly also on the gross margins.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, Jeff, that's probably a longer conversation than we might be do justice to this morning. But I think in Life Sciences in particular, we have a number of distributor partnerships around the world, including Thermo. But that said, the vast majority of what we sell in Life Sciences, and I'm specifically talking to the research side and the applied side of that portfolio -- that segment, not the diagnostics, we sell on a direct basis. I mean, these are not gloves and beakers that sell for 2 or 3 digits at a pop. I mean, we're talking about high-end, highly engineered, customized equipment that researchers, scientists spec out and really pushes on with respect to innovation. So those tend not to be distribution-oriented. Hence, any moves of consolidation you see there, I don't think, have a direct bearing on our competitiveness going forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I'm not sure that our view would be materially different today than it was back in the fourth quarter. Again, some of what we saw might have been a push out from the third into the fourth. So I think what we're trying to do, Nigel, business-by-business, is really take stock of the trends through that, if you will, at that 3-quarter period. But undoubtedly, we did see some softness in the quarter, I think, because of at least in Life Sciences and in Dental, some of the pull-forward. Was that 50 basis points? Was it a full point? Frankly, we haven't spent a ton of time there, let alone trying to figure out how much a day plus the Good Friday spring break dynamics at quarter end cost us in consumables. It is what it is.
H. Lawrence Culp: I don't think we see that $8 billion opportunity to deploy capital as something that requires the same check to be written. Again, I think as we look at that capacity, we really think about that as a backstop for all of these growth platforms that we have. So we've got 7 or 8 businesses here, all with their acquisition maps and funnels, and then working that accordingly. So I think our preference would be, if you're looking at $8 billion, to divvy up $1 billion to $2 billion across those businesses. And I think they all have funnels that would represent or present those sorts of opportunities. Now certainly, if something of size came along that made sense for us, we would look at it. But as you well know, if you look back over that time period, the bigger deals tend to come infrequently.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think the view all along was that we'd have to pay off some of this inheritance tax. But by '14, we should be able to move into that mid-single-digit growth range. I really think it's nothing more than the cumulative effect of both the fixes, the quality, the service, in addition to the implementation of DBS, not only to drive cost out, but really to lay in the daily management to help drive better execution, both in sales and marketing and in new product development. As we move forward, as you see in this quarter with the launch of the DxH 600, the Power Express, we're going to get a better lift from those products. Certainly as we get behind -- we put behind some of the regulatory issues that we've had, that's going to be helpful. So I just think we've got momentum building at Beckman, momentum on a global basis, and that bodes well for that business.
H. Lawrence Culp: Deane, we're well-positioned certainly in cyber security with Arbor much as we are in mobile around the mobile explosion that the carriers are enjoying. And that's on the Tektronix Communications side. At Arbor, I don't have the exact mix in front of us. I think we're more weighted toward carriers than we are enterprise. But the enterprise initiative has been clearly an important part of what we've done here in the last 2 years, and that's where we're enjoying some of the outsized growth right now as financial institutions and others wrestle with these DdoS attacks. That said, from a -- in terms of government, I just don't have that number offhand. It's -- I think it's a relatively modest portion of the business, but it is represented in the customer set.
H. Lawrence Culp: Oh, I think all of the businesses out there have their aspirations. Clearly, in security, we need to be smart about both the strategic fit of anything that we might do there, let alone valuations, of course.
H. Lawrence Culp: Jon, you're right. We certainly saw continued softness at Tek. And as I think both Dan and I have alluded to here, that was pretty broad-based. Certainly in the first quarter here, I think we saw that particularly here in the U.S. I think what we saw at TEK was really just a continued push right in our funnels in a whole host of areas. Certainly, a number of the customers that we serve on the development side in the Tek end markets are reworking their capital budgets for this year, a little unclear as to how that plays out. As you know, this business tends to track PMI a good bit on a couple of quarter lag basis. So I think we're optimistic that we get Tek stabilized later this year. But that said, it's going to certainly be a headwind for us all in the first half. Fortunately, we've got some offsets working for us in comms and at Fluke on a segment basis.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. Let me take those in order. I think we continue to have a very buoyant outlook for Leica Biosystems. Unfortunately, cancer is an issue around the world, and we're hopefully part of the solution there. You referenced the negative control guidance in the U.S. We think that probably had a little bit of impact for us in the quarter. But I think the major issue that we alluded to at Leica Biosystems was really this distribution change. In parts of Europe, we're going from a distribution model to a direct model. That creates near-term noise. As you work through that, I think it's the right strategic move to make. It will help us grow faster in Europe long-term. But clearly, we saw revenue and cost issues in the quarter as we work through that. But that will settle out, we'll be in a better place. With respect to Beckman Coulter Life Sciences portfolio, they had a nice quarter. We have a business there that I think is improving. I was with them during the quarter. We installed some new leadership, promoted Jennifer Hunnicutt [ph] into the President's role there, one of our outstanding general managers. I think we're optimistic, Jon, about that portfolio, it's clearly, if you will, the forgotten part of the Beckman Coulter. There are a number of synergies with the rest of our group. And while you're right, a number of those products go to market to distribution, they don't go to market exclusively through distribution. And I think to the extent that we innovate, we build that brand, we're going to be able to certainly compete anywhere in the world, either on a direct or a distributed basis.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I mean, if you're reading anything in our language or tone in that regard, it may be a function of the March macro data that came out, let alone the fact that no fun being short even of a tight 1.5% to [ph] top line range. I think that said, again as we look at the second quarter, there'll be some things that certainly help us, having the benefit of that extra day, if you will, being on the other side of the holidays, et cetera. But I think we're going to be, as we typically are, cautious, hopefully smartly so, relative to the outlook here. I think we -- again, we look at the quarter, acknowledge some of the noise but don't want to point to that. On a relative basis, we think we're doing well. And that's ultimately what's going to matter. As we move forward here, we continue to do that and make sure that we've got our investment envelope properly tuned to the environment. Clearly, little numbers matter a lot when you're talking about a couple of hundred basis points on the equipment side that can move around as it clearly has here the last couple of quarters. But that said, I think, again, we're going to move forward here with a strong competitive position, thinking that the range that we've offered up this morning, again, the midpoint perhaps being the most likely scenario for the second quarter and the second half.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, again I think a couple of hundred basis points in growth is really the swing factor here. And it's been a noisy operating environment, as we've dealt with some of these external issues. But that said, the environment is what it is, right? So we're going to move forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: I don't think so. We've been wrestling with these issues that Dan alluded to at T&M, particularly Tek more so than Fluke, and at Motion for some time. So it's continued to be soft. But I don't think we would characterize it as legging down in any way.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think certainly part of the softness that we saw in the U.S. and was probably most pronounced at Leica Micro, Ross, could be attributed to just some of the noise in and around the sequester. And again it wasn't as if budgets were being slashed, projects canceled and the like. Things were just getting pushed right because of, I think, a degree of uncertainty that seemed to play out. I think we certainly saw at SCIEX some softness in the academic realm as well. And it's really with those businesses that we probably have most of our sequester exposure in Life Science. We have pockets here and there of other government exposure which could play out Tek and Motion, for example, being areas where we have that exposure. But it would be principally in LS. And again, I think it's a noise factor for us right now as opposed to any part of a clear stepdown as we look out for the rest of the year, at least at this point.
H. Lawrence Culp: Ross, I would just add to Dan's comments that if you think about situations that we've looked at where we've ultimately decided to let things go. The strategic fit, the strategic rationale is really important for us. It's got to make sense in terms of the broader strategy. And particularly in this low-rate environment, we're still, I think, primarily focused on those returns on capital as opposed to accretion. And that really has been, I think, the frame we've used over time to deploy capital. Sometimes it's led us to be quite busy and bunched up, and other times, maybe a little quieter than folks expect. But with our portfolio taking a long view through the cycle, we've tended to, I think, by and large, make good bets that have generated good returns for shareholders. I think we continue to hold that view as we look forward.
Daniel L. Comas: It was. And it also -- given some of this distribution transition we're going through, some of the sales and marketing was also higher. We think that all sort of begin to even out here in Q2, so you'll see, I think, more normalized margins in LSD in Q2.
Daniel L. Comas: We were up combined over 100 basis points between R&D and sales and marketing as a percent of revenues year-on-year.
Daniel L. Comas: I'd say, Scott, on the industrial side, it was instead of all being down or flat, it was mixed. So I guess that's a little bit encouraging. PID and water had good real good start to the year in China. But I'd contrast that and talk [ph] a little bit of a positive sign, but I would say that T&M and Motion didn't -- their numbers were down and sequentially did not feel any better. So uneven but a couple of pockets a little better.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, I would say we're, one, encouraged by the number of discussions we're having. And I would say it's noticeably better than it was in the second half of '12, probably a little bit of a challenge maybe up to the last couple of weeks. Given equity markets, I do think some of this more choppy economic data of late, maybe including our own on the margins, could be helpful here in getting maybe some things across the finish line.
Daniel L. Comas: Jeff, part of it was in the quarter last year. We reported $0.84 last year, but we did call out $0.03 that's kind of one-time item. In addition, we had the Apex earnings. So absent those one-time items and absent Apex, clearly we're probably more like $0.79. So again, not talking a lot of increase, but obviously $0.80, $0.85 on a normalized basis is up a little bit versus what we really, operationally, we had last year.
Daniel L. Comas: And Jon, on the margin side, the gross margin side, across the company, as Larry alluded to, we've had really good performance. Given Tek Instruments, as you know, is a very high gross margin business. Gross margins were down year-on-year in Test & Measurement because of that. But in the other 4 segments, they were each up 50 to 75 basis points. Again that's a combination of some of the price/cost dynamics, the restructuring, bringing out new products. We were really pleased at Dental; we were up almost 100 basis points year-on-year in terms of gross margin. And it obviously means good execution on the cost side, but as importantly, some of these new products coming in at much better gross margins.
Daniel L. Comas: I mean, clearly, given the better leverage markets, again what's happened in the last couple of weeks probably dampening that a little bit, we're seeing private equity more in different situations. Where we have a strong point of view about what we can do with the margin, which is I said 3 out of 4 times, let's say, private equity is probably not going to be able to displace someone like ourselves. In terms of the activity, I think the way you'd characterize it and I would think that's something we hear from not only what we're seeing but we hear from kind of bankers is the behind-the-scene discussion levels are definitely up versus where they were 6 months ago, and I think that's encouraging. Now why things don't happen, it's all over the place. It's sometimes price, it's sometimes transition issues, it's uncertainty. But normally, when we tend to see an increase in the number of discussions we're having about mid to large situations, historically, that tends to roll out into some acquisitions.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, I think you characterized it well. We're always looking at it. We look at it opportunistically and from what sort of return sort of payback and buying back our own stock. Again, having said that, given what we potentially see on the M&A side, it's right now in secondary consideration but still something that's part of our accounting.
