Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure, Scott. I think, Scott, what we're assuming is that what we saw with some of the slowing in December is essentially the environment that we're going to see in the near term here. It's clearly impacting our more industrial businesses more than our other businesses, so we're not immune to the slowdown but I think we took some appropriate actions in the fourth quarter. Those actions are going to pay off here certainly from a margin standpoint, but I think the other thing to keep in mind is that the portfolio that we have today truly does differentiate us. And I think when we look at the opportunities that we have in our Life Science businesses, our Diagnostic businesses, some improvement that we're seeing here in our Dental businesses, continued good progress at GVR, while we remain cautious in some respects around the macroenvironment and are not assuming things get materially better there, we're playing offense in a number of areas that I think will bode well. So, I don't think there's anything particularly optimistic in our outlook around the macro, but I think some of the things that we're doing from an investment standpoint and across our growth initiatives should continue to position a very good portfolio and a differentiated portfolio and continue to move it into an even better place.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Yeah. I mean, it's an issue; I'd probably bifurcate the answer. Where we have the aftermarket business, the consumables, the service, we typically able to get price; with equipment and instruments, we're not able to, and we're taking a little bit of a margin hit there. Fortunately, the euro has stabilized so the overall currency impact is not what it was in 2015, but there's a little bit of a negative right now.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Nigel, we're very, very happy with how we've gotten started with Pall, starting with the team that we have in place, a terrific team, both the Pall leadership team, many of whom have taken on added responsibilities. But in addition, the added resources that we've put in place and the leadership that we have brought to bear in the business, I think together, that team is off to a terrific start. We'll talk to the $0.40 and the cost opportunities that we have here in just a minute, but coming to the growth side of the house, about what we expected: continued very good progress and growth rates on the Life Science side, keeping in mind that that business has an exceptional position in the biopharma market in Life Science. So, we're seeing continued good growth there. We're also seeing outstanding growth in single-use technologies, which are a key part and a key growth driver of the biopharma segment of the Life Science business as time goes on. On the Industrial side, again, what you – what we would've expected, which is a slowing on that side of the house. We've seen that – those businesses impacted far more than obviously on the more Life Science-oriented side of the house. But I think it's also important to keep in mind that that business is also strongly skewed towards consumables. In total, the portfolio is about 70% aftermarket, consumables primarily. And so, that's a strong foundation and I think continues to give us confidence that while we'll have some segments that are challenged, the business overall will continue to perform quite well. Relative to the cost side of the house, again, off to a very good start. You heard us in December take the 2016 number up to $100 million because we had gotten off to an earlier start. We're getting the kinds of cost reductions that you would expect us to get out of a public company in the early going. The public company cost, beginning to get after some of the indirect cost leverage that we get and some of the procurement cost leverage that we get by consolidating procurement across our other businesses where appropriate. And over time, we'll see some of the benefits coming from – on the gross margin side as we look to the operational footprint, but that will obviously take a little bit more time.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Steve, I think one of the things that we learned from 2015 and we're pleased about is that we did a number of things throughout the course of the year from a productivity perspective. And I think particularly in an environment like this, it's important that we stay cognizant of the fact that there may be opportunities that present themselves, some things that we may need to do. So, we're going to keep the teams active at looking for opportunities throughout the course of the year, and we'll take advantage of those as they come up. So, I think we got a lot done in 2015. We got a lot more done in December than we anticipated, probably $20 million north of what we thought in December. So, that's a good thing; sets us up well a little bit more than we would have anticipated. But again, I think it's important that we stay (31:07) cognizant of the environment business-by-business and look for opportunities to take action where good projects present themselves.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Looking at Fortive probably being rough down 2% to 3% and Danaher go-forward up 1%, 1.5%. So, I think that's roughly the way it would split.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: And, Steve – I'm sorry, Steve. Sorry to interrupt. Just wanted to make one other quick point just for clarification on that. It's important to recognize on the Danaher side of the house, that 1% to 1.5%, that side of the house has a higher percentage of consumables and recurring revenue than you do on the Fortive side. And as a result of that, the fewer selling days in the fourth quarter has a little bit greater impact on the Danaher side. So, when you normalize for the days impact on the Danaher side, that's going to be potentially could be 1.5%, 2% maybe even on that side. Again rough numbers, but it has a little bit more of an impact there.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Sure. We'll start with Fluke. Fluke clearly impacted by the downshift in the macroenvironment in the quarter, Fluke being one of our more industrially-oriented businesses. I think the macroenvironment, while it had its impact on us on a broad basis, also had an influence on the way our distributors were thinking about inventories during the course of the quarter. So, I think one of the things that – although we don't have all the numbers right now for full transparency on what happened to channel inventory, it's a pretty good hypothesis right now based on some early data we have that would suggest that there was some inventory control that went on in the channel that certainly would've had some impact as well. So, I think those two factors combined, again broad-based macro on sellout and probably some impact on sell-in based on inventory contraction.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Maybe one other thing to add there is that best we can tell, Steve, we didn't see any year-end budget flush there in the fourth quarter. That's a little bit more of a Life Science-oriented phenomena than a Diagnostic-oriented phenomena. But in some past fourth quarters we've seen the impact of that. We didn't see any of that in the fourth.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Good news and bad news on that front has an impact on the fourth quarter. Sometimes that budget flush can drive some inventories out that then create some go-forward weakness as you start the New Year. We're hoping we – and the early numbers coming out here in January look like we're off to a decent start.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: I don't have much there, Jeff. I know the teams are still out talking to customers and trying to get a better sense of that. One reason for a little bit more insight on Fluke than and less so – Fluke's a little bit more concentrated with some big distributor partners that we can get a little bit more transparency a little bit more quickly. Some of the more automation sensors and control businesses and so on, more fragmented channels and it's just taking us a little longer to get any sense of channel inventories.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Jeff, when the device tax was first put in place, the impact of that was very fairly modest on us. There's money at stake but overall, not a huge number. So, what comes back in terms of a little bit of a lift to operating margins is also modest. I mean, net-net, it's a good thing for the industry. We didn't see much impact in the market from a pricing standpoint when it all happened – I should say, from a competitive standpoint. We did get some of that back in price over time and probably some competitors did as well, but in terms of real impact to competitive dynamics, I think it's too modest a change, certainly to the scale of our business and maybe to the scale of others to really impact the competitive world.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Yeah. Thanks, Ross. I think 2015 was a year of very good progress across the platform. You mentioned Nobel; let me just start with that. We have a tremendous team of folks at Nobel. Largely the leadership team that was in place when we acquired the business, they have really embraced DBS and are off to a terrific start, both in terms of continuing to use DBS tools to drive growth, but also in my comments earlier, some great progress on operating margins. And now, as that goes core to the Dental platform, we'll see some impact of that to the good. On the business that existed prior to 2015, I think again 2015 was a year of a lot of progress. I've mentioned a couple of times that we've had outstanding relationships with our distribution partners. We work in a collaborative way with them on channel inventories throughout the course of the year. That was obviously somewhat of a painful process to go through in the sense of the impact on core growth, but net-net, a very good process in terms of positioning the channel efficiently. So we're pleased that the vast majority of that's behind us. There can always be a little bit of a tail to that of stuff we're still moving out in slower-moving inventories, but again, I think a ton of progress. We've also got a very good leadership team in place in our Dental platform today with some new players in place that I think are doing some wonderful things in terms of driving innovation. It was a very good year of new product introductions and I think we'll see the benefit of that as core growth improves this year. So we know we still have work to do there, but good news is there's opportunities for value creation as we go on here.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Well, I'll let Dan comment in a second on kind of the environment that we're seeing. But if you just look at what we did in the fourth quarter, which I think is a bit instructive, we got four or five small deals done in the fourth quarter. And by the way, a couple – two or three of those deals were Fortive-related. I mentioned Pacific Laser Systems in my earlier comment, but there were a couple other smaller situations that we were able to complete during the quarter for Fortive's benefit, along with a couple on the Danaher side. So, I think the fourth quarter was indicative perhaps of some things opening up a bit. I think the environment is generally a favorable one for businesses like ours with a balance sheet that's ready to deploy into small and midsized situations. And I think to your question, there are some folks who are perhaps a bit more on the sidelines right now than in previous days.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Yeah. Shannon, it is a real testament to those businesses given the challenging environment they're in from a core growth perspective that they are getting the operating margin lift that they're getting without the benefit of the top line dropping that through. I think it is a testament to the strength of the Danaher Business System, the tools that we use not just in newly-acquired businesses, but in businesses with long histories with Danaher that have gotten a lot done using DBS in the past and are still getting it done. If you think about some of the businesses in T&M, be it Fluke and the associated acquisitions around Fluke that have been done quite a number of years ago, think about other businesses like Qualitrol, like some of the businesses in our automation sensors and controls areas. Those guys are using DBS, whether those are lean tools specifically in the plants or deploying those tools in areas of SG&A, they're just demonstrating that those tools are still highly effective in businesses with long histories with Danaher. So it's kudos to those guys and they continue to get her done.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Yeah, no. Radiometer is a tremendous business with a long track record of high single-digit growth at Danaher. I'm sure Matt or Dan can find how many quarters it's been, but it's quite a number of them in a row that we've been high single-digits and taking share. It's a high consumables business. It's probably in the 80% neighborhood of consumables so the days impact was fairly significant there. They also had a challenging comp in the fourth quarter on the instrumentation side, a couple of big orders that had some impact there. So, I think Radiometer is in as good a shape today as it's ever been. No meaningful shift in the competitive dynamics there, so we still feel very good about it. I think there was anything there, Shannon, that wouldn't be unique to Radiometer it's simply the fact that some of the growth that we have seen in the high-growth markets, while still strong in places like China and India, are still now very weak in Latin America, in Russia, in the Middle East. And so, even our best businesses are probably going to feel a little bit the impact there.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Andrew, there's a couple of different ways to come at that in the Middle East. One is simply conversations with distribution partners and a lot of what we do in the Middle East does involve some form of a distributor partner, and making sure that we have transparency as much as we possibly can into the opportunity funnels that those distributors are seeing, as well as making sure that the conversations we're having with our own sales team around those funnels as they roll up to our leadership team are as well pressure tested as possible. The key thing about markets like the Middle East is, particularly in businesses like ours, you have a fairly high level of project or tender-related business and – at least on the equipment side. And so, really making sure that we understand opportunity funnels and are not overly optimistic about the timing within which funding will be released, as in many cases that funding has some governmental influence to it, is really important. It is easy to have a sales team get overly optimistic that the timing of funding release is going to be the same as it was a year ago or two years ago when the reality is things may have slowed down and tenders may be being let at a much slower pace. So being diligent about how we pressure test those funnels is key.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: We're trying to be increasingly conservative as we see how government funding is being influenced. I think it was interesting watching the course of the year. Oil continued to drop, as you know, throughout the course of the year and yet we actually saw our Middle East numbers hang in there reasonably well throughout the middle part of the year and it wasn't until the latter part of the year that we saw a more acute shift in the Middle East. And so there was a little bit of a lag there and it's taken a bit of time for the team to fully recalibrate.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Yeah. As you probably saw in the numbers that we put out, Deane, we're showing R&D down about 20 basis points, but the reality is, is that that was primarily influenced by Pall. And R&D spending normalized for the Pall influence was actually up on the quarter. So we're continuing to make sure that innovation is a key priority for the businesses and that R&D spending is maintained to the greatest extent possible for the opportunities that we think have the greatest impact in the next year or two.
Daniel L. Comas: Nigel, I think we remain in that kind of $2 billion target for M&A this year. We are incrementally encouraged we're able to get some deals done in December, granted they were small, but we actually saw a flurry of deals get done towards the end of the year. Clearly what's going on in the high yield market has made it very difficult for the private equity parties, let alone industrial companies that have a lower credit rating. So, some of the anxiety out here is definitely helping some of the conversations. So, on the margin, we're a little bit more encouraged than we were 60, 90 days ago on the M&A front.
Daniel L. Comas: So, Steve, for the four months that we owned the business on a constant-currency basis, Pall grew about 4% on a combined basis. Clearly, it would've been accretive to our core growth here. Life Science was up high single-digits; Industrial was down low to mid-single digits. We see that for the near-term, not a bad way to be looking at the business. Certainly, the industrial piece is more challenged but more than making up for it with a very strong growth on the Life Science side.
Daniel L. Comas: On the working capital side where we contributed north of $300 million of cash out of working capital, Pall was a nice piece of it, but maybe 15%. The working capital improvements were very broad-based, really exceptional performance across all the five segments. So, it was a nice contributor, but it was not an overwhelming piece.
Daniel L. Comas: On the Diagnostics side, Steve, the bigger piece is obviously Diagnostics, that's largely consumables, Diagnostics were up 4% organically for the year. And as you remember, Q1 when we had the extra days, we were up 6%; Q4, when we had the fewer days, we were up 2%. So, actually on a days-adjusted basis, Diagnostics tracked pretty close to that 3% to 4% rate all year including the fourth quarter.
Daniel L. Comas: Jeff, I think we said in 2013 it was about a $0.05 hit. We recovered some of that in price. So, I think it'll be less than a $0.05, but maybe $0.03 benefit here in the year.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, it has less of an impact on equipment. We were up slightly in the quarter. It's the first time we've been up, albeit modestly, but it impacts consumables probably up, and as Tom alluded, to probably 1.5 points, 2 points when it comes to consumables. Good progress on the margin side granted we had a pretty weak performance a year ago, so part of it was a comp. But we've also took part of our incremental restructuring here in Q4 with the Dental, so we should see some continued margin expansion coming out of Dental hopefully with a little better growth than what we've seen here in 2015.
Daniel L. Comas: Hey, Julian. I mean I think that was one of the areas versus what we expected at the beginning of the quarter that surprised us a little bit to the downside. It wasn't dramatic. Clearly, our consumables businesses over there were impacted by the selling days and maybe we were not as well calibrated as we should've been. But having gone through all – most of the business here's – in the first couple of weeks here, the tone in Europe is still decent and it doesn't feel like the step-down that our numbers in Q4 would suggest. And we think we'll get back to sort of modest growth here pretty quickly in 2016. Watching that carefully because it probably caught us a little bit by surprise here in the fourth quarter, but again, the tone still seems pretty good.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, the $0.40 should ramp during the year as we go after costs. Again, we were able to get some more things done in December, and that was inclusive of Pall as well, so we're getting it out of the gate a little bit faster in Q1 from a margin perspective. I think the offset, as you suggest, is the industrial side. So I think we'll get nice accretion here in Q1, but it'll clearly ramp through the year.
Daniel L. Comas: I don't have any great analysis on that yet. Given our gross margin, raw materials tend to be less of a factor for us than a lot of other companies you might cover. We are continuing to get price, still getting 60 basis points, 70 basis points, and it's hard not to think raw materials are helping us a little bit, but for us, it's really on the margin.
