H. Culp: Steve, I don't think we saw anything that we would describe as abnormal at year's end. We just had a December that started well and ended well. It's hard to dismiss completely some sort of budget flushes, as you say. But I think we had genuine robust demand hold up virtually across the businesses and across the key geographies. I don't think you register 13% core as we did without that. And I think, while it's very early, obviously, here in the new year, I think, by and large, the businesses and the teams are feeling good about the prospects for 2011.
H. Culp: Well, I think we've talked about full year guidance, Steve, in the 6% to 8% band. That's what we put out for the full year back in December, if you'll recall. I think that if you use that band for purposes of looking at the first quarter, I expect the quarter to get to the high end of that range. Keep in mind, we've got one less selling day in the quarter, which will slightly impact our Consumables business. But I think by and large, I think we're optimistic about the first quarter here.
H. Culp: I think we're excited about the deal pipeline. It certainly has been a longstanding priority for us to add more quality businesses to Product Identification. That's been one platform of five where we have not been as active as we would have liked. So bringing on Esko [EskoArtwork], a high-quality business, I think, is a wonderful addition to that platform. We're excited about their growth trajectory, and frankly, their margin expansion potential as we introduced them to some of our customers and relationships around the world. I think with respect to the deal pipeline, I would characterize it perhaps very much as I did in mid-December. It is very full. We are exceptionally busy. The nature of the situations that we're looking at really span the entire priority list of platforms here, the five core areas that we've often talked about. Is it better than it was a year or two ago? Certainly, two years ago, things were in some chaotic state. I would say it's better and it's probably better than it was a year ago, given that many people were still kind of trying to figure out which end was up. So again, I think that Dan and I have tried to be consistent. Of late, we obviously -- we were with you out in San Francisco a few weeks ago. We think this is going to be an active year for Danaher deploying capital as we strengthen our portfolio.
H. Culp: Scott, I would submit that it's a number of different things. Obviously, working against the easy comps in '09 certainly helped with the print. But I think you see an innovation cycle across the served markets for TEK, which is significant. I think, particularly at TEK, we are more effective competing in the marketplace. We have a number of quality competitors. But as you recall, when we were going through the initial integration and restructuring, the first couple of years are probably more internally focused than externally focused. That balance has really shifted. I think at Fluke -- what you're seeing is, Fluke continuing to do what it does in a good global market, innovating aggressively, investing in the emerging markets. I was with the team in China a few weeks ago celebrating the $100 million club. Just so many good vectors for them to put into as China grows. Fluke's done it, they're continuing to do it. And don't forget what we're doing at TEK Communications. Particularly with network management as the mobile carriers expand, their networks, particularly around data management, what we do to help them tackle those bandwidth challenges, quality of service challenges is not insignificant. And that's been a really important part of the T&M growth story. So just no one thing -- a whole host of things that I think come together here to obviously put a very strong year together in 2010 and give us, I think, a high level of confidence about their ability to continue to be a strong performer for us.
H. Culp: Well, Bob, I think I'd say this, we're certainly encouraged by the strong finish. I mean, I think that's where the conversation starts, and obviously, again while it's early, the good start here in '11. I think our habit has been not to try to update guidance moments after we announced a transaction, let alone two, one inbound, one outbound. They're clearly going to have some impact here. We tried to provide that in isolation. I just think it's prudent for us to wait a little bit here, until we get at least closer to getting those deals on board, let alone getting further into the year, before we update guidance that we put out, basically a month ago. Obviously, the net effect of the divestiture and Esko coming in will be dilutive. But I think there's some other tailwinds out there, not the least of which is the strong finish and the good start here. Obviously, Europe is going to help us a little bit and obviously on taxes, like some other folks, we're talking about a slightly lower provision versus the 26% figure that we put out there in December. So I think all up, again we'll come back here when we have a little bit more clarity around the timing to update guidance again. But all in all, I think we're looking at a good year.
H. Culp: Well, again, Bob, I think we've tried never to project forward unnamed inbound deal flow and the positive effects from that. So I think, I want to just stand by what I've said, relative to Pac Sci and Esko, but again to reiterate, we think we're going to be very active this year. And we've talked about $4-plus billion of capital at the ready here, a very full pipeline. And I would be -- I'd be disappointed if we didn't put that capital to work this year.
H. Culp: John, I would simply say that Align continues to be an important partner for us, as we look at opportunities to parlay that equity position into innovative orthodontia products that combine the best of both companies. So we continue to have a lot of optimism there. But beyond that, I think that's where we are.
H. Culp: I think it's been a terrific investment for the Danaher shareholder, and I think it's an important part of our relationship with Align.
H. Culp: Jeff, I think the important period to look at for SCIEX is really the second half. I mean, that's what I've keyed on. We were up double digits at AB SCIEX. I don't think that, that's necessarily going to be a double-digit grower through a cycle. But I think SCIEX can be a mid- to high-core business for us. And as we look forward here, we obviously have tremendous momentum with the 5600. We won't comp that until late in 2011. My trip around the emerging markets this month just saw a lot of enthusiasm, really for the full offering across both the research, the clinical and the applied spaces where we operate in China, India and even the Middle East. So I think all in, we got a good start. I would submit, given the work that we were doing, it was probably more internally focused than externally focused. But that really began to change hard and fast in the third quarter. So from that perspective, I think we come into the new year, really, right where we want to be with AB SCIEX.
H. Culp: Yes. Well, Jeff, as you know, there are going to be times in the deal cycle whether it be PE or maybe with certain strategics around certain spaces, where pricing is going to get out of hand. I think we've tended to take to the sidelines when that happens, but still be active given the array of opportunities and spaces that we play in. I think for us, whether it's a small deal or a large transaction, however you want to define that, our methodology is typically the same. We first try to sort through the strategic questions relative to the attractiveness of the space, the industry, the market. I think secondly, we try to assess the strength of the particular company that we might have an interest in, in that context. Obviously, we then sort through what's our value add. How does DBS make a difference in that situation? And then obviously, getting back to valuation, how the deal might have to work. Clearly, with a smaller transaction, we can take a little bit more risk, if you will. For a larger situation, we'd have tremendous conviction around the answers to all of those questions. I think that's really as simple and as straightforward as I can describe it to you.
H. Culp: Well, I think the way it's likely to play out, Shannon, is I think T&M once again should lead the pack. I would suspect they'll be up low double-digits, with that being pretty well broad-based. I think Industrial will be up double-digit as well, probably right around 10%, with Motion up a little bit more than Product ID. I think the rest of the group will follow. I think we talked about in New York, Gilbarco's got some tough comps given the payment upgrade cycle that they benefited from in 2009. Certainly, at Leica particularly, we saw some positive stimulus out of China and Japan early last year that I don't think is going to be there. But by the same token, given the way things ended and the way things started, those are some businesses where we probably have a little bit more upside than we were anticipating a month ago. So I think all in all, again, we're going to start off well here. I suspect, if we're looking at 6% to 8% for the year, we'd probably use that range, we're talking about being at the high end of that range here at quarter's end.
H. Culp: Well, I would respond, Shannon, by saying that our intent there has always been on par with the other core growth platforms. Admittedly, we've been more successful building out some of the others, both around the core position and in some adjacent spaces. But it's not for the lack of trying. I think what you see the team doing here with Esko is bringing in a nice-sized business with upgrades. Our portfolio clearly gives us some exposure in a business that is clearly adjacent to Videojet, but plugs in to a number of the macro drivers around creative and secure packaging, more sophisticated supply chains and the like, let alone the analog-to-digital conversion that's happening in packaging design that we try to play, obviously at Videojet and Links, and would like to play or plug into in some other businesses. So it would be a space that I would continue to watch. We want this team to get Esko onboard, get that integration off to a good start. But I'd like to see us put some of that capital we've talked about deploying this year into Product ID for sure.
H. Culp: I think when we talk about holding down G&A, Steve, we're really talking about holding down G&A, not necessarily R&D. But I think as we look into the budgets for this year, we're clearly continuing to invest in innovation. I think the sequential change that you're referring to does show a downtick with the ratio, but my notes show us up about $20 million sequentially in the spend in the fourth quarter. And I would expect we'll continue to sequentially put incremental funds in to drive growth if not in '11, obviously from an R&D perspective, more in '12 and '13. For us, given the nature of the projects, you're going to -- that number's going to be moving around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. Project ends, maybe some third-party consulting slides off, but I think over time, you'll continue to see that ratio as a percentage, year in, year out, I think continue to move gradually northward given the nature of the businesses that dominate the portfolio now and the way we're trying to put as much as we can into innovation.
H. Culp: For sure. Obviously, the bulk of the sales and marketing investments are going into emerging markets, more so than the developed markets where the incremental sales person, the incremental service person, while getting more expensive each year, is still a relative bargain compared to the U.S. and Europe.
H. Culp: Jon, I think at year's end, there were a number of things of that came together for us. But I don't think it was anything out of the ordinary. The Dental business for a whole host of reasons tends to, particularly on the equipment side, tends to finish strong in normal times. And to us, both in the U.S. and in Europe, things just became more normal almost with each passing month. Obviously, given our position in imaging and virtually every modality, we were well placed to benefit from that increased investment in practices that the docs were making. I think as we look at '11, certainly I don't think we're talking about equipment being up low doubles all year long. I think it's going to be more of a mid-, possibly, a mid-plus-type grower for us. But again, because of how we're positioned, I think, we're looking forward to a good year. I think we'll be more active internationally. We flagged that for you back in December, obviously, with the IDX show coming up in Europe, it will be a flurry of new product launches there. I think, to the extent, as I referenced on the call, Sybron gets to back to a more normal run rate, and the two of those businesses do more together and do it effectively, we should have a good year in '11 in Dental on both sides of the house.
H. Culp: Well, you did, but I will stand by our tradition of not commenting on prospective acquisitions or divestitures. I think what we've done here with Pac Sci is a good move for the business. I think Meggitt will be a great partner and parent for them. I think it's a good move for Danaher as we, if you will, kind of bid those guys the best in bringing in Esko, which beefs up a strategic growth platform for us. Brings in, I think, a stronger higher growth, higher gross margin business with plenty of international opportunities. So stay tuned.
Daniel Comas: Scott, in terms of a year-over-year basis, there's very little impact from acquisitions. It is a little bit overstated because of some of the restructuring spending, which was more Q4 last year than it was this year, but we took out -- it was 37 rooftops. And I think that's been a big driver of that gross margin improvement as well as double-digit core growth and leveraging that cost base. And as we talked about in December, our -- ended up core revenues being up 11%, our G&A manufacturing headcount was only up 2%. And that was, of all the things, that was the biggest driver of accelerating the gross margin year-on-year.
Daniel Comas: John, the biggest driver sequentially was the amount of restructuring we did in the segment, which was -- the restructuring and the incremental growth spend was over $10 million in the segment. So if you adjusted for that, we would have been north of 20% in the segment. Having said that, that is the one segment and it's particularly Motion, where we are seeing some real pockets of inflation. Just in the last 90 days, steel and kind of related products up double-digits, some copper-related products are up 20%. Fortunately for us it's isolated, but if there's one segment that has seen some impact and will probably continue to see some impact, is Industrial, and specifically the Motion business. So sequentially, most of the explanation is really the restructuring. But we are definitely watching some of these commodity issues.
Daniel Comas: I think it's going to have a little bit of pressure. It's part of the reason we put more restructuring there than anywhere. I had also said that Motion did the best job across the company on price. They got between 2% and 2.5% price in the quarter, so they're getting some offset. But when you're looking at double-digit increases in some commodities, it's impacting Motion. Now we're not seeing that at PID, given a more kind of printed circuit board base as most of our other businesses where we're not seeing inflation. But there's going to be a little pressure there. We're going after the cost, we're getting a little bit more on price, but I wouldn't be surprised if that's the segment where kind of the core margin increases is probably towards the lower end versus what we see at the other segments.
Daniel Comas: The largest, which was a little bit bigger than that, was Dental, and the other three were kind of in the $5 million to $10 million range.
Daniel Comas: Jeff, if you probably look at SCIEX and Molecular Devices together, we think combined next year, they are low teens and probably exiting -- hopefully exiting '11 you got a mid-teens rate. Again as a reminder, SCIEX came in kind of low double-digits, and Molecular Devices was breakeven.
Daniel Comas: Well, we posted over 200 basis points of core margin improvement across the company in '10. I don't think we're expecting anything in that range going into '11. But our historical level of 75 basis points of core margin expansion, or maybe a little bit more, particularly in some of the newer businesses, I think we're well positioned for. And a little bit of growth on that 50%, now 51% gross margin does naturally get very good fall through. That's why one of the reasons we upped our kind of historical fall-through from 30% to 35%. And in the fourth quarter, we were not at the 50% we were at the first three quarters, but we were still running -- if you strip out some of the incremental restructuring, we're still about 40% in the fourth quarter, so kind of mid-30% still feels right going to '11.
Daniel Comas: Steve, I mean, as you know through our history, our very strong bias has been to use our free cash flow and a modest amount of leverage to fund our acquisitions. It's hard to think of a compelling situation where the lion's share, the purchase price, would be funded with equity. But if it's a situation like a Tektronix at that time where maybe we funded 10% or 15% of the purchase price after the fact with some equity, in part to keep our kind of Tier 1 commercial paper rating, I think we'd be willing to do that. And wouldn't rule out something bigger but it'd be a really high bar to think of a deal, where we're putting 50% of the price in terms of equity. At that point, it would almost be a kind of merger of equals anyway. And I don't think -- we have a lot of those we're working on. On the margin, could we issue equity, a small slice of the deal? Yes. But I'd be surprised if it's much more than that.
Daniel Comas: Steve, I mean, one way to -- I mean as you suggested we think it'd be at the high end of the range based on what were seeing right now. If you compared the fourth quarter, where we were plus 13%, the previous year, we were down 8%. So now were talking about being plus 8% but we're comparing versus 5.5% a year ago. So that alone is showing some sequential -- we have a much tougher comp in Q1 than we did in Q4 by 13 points. And we're only talking about it, a decel [deceleration], if you will, of going from plus 13% to about a plus 8%. It's early, we're off to a good start and we just see a lot of momentum.
Daniel Comas: Well, Deane, I mean, obviously we don't forecast acquisitions. We put out a kind of a proxy number that's somewhat -- with a primary constraint sort of being credit rating, the net after tax proceeds we expect from PSX is probably $100 million, $125 million more than we expect to pay for Esko. We did end up the year with stronger free cash flow. We've been talking about, I don't know $1.7-plus billion, we ended up with almost $1.9 billion in free cash flow. So we ended up with more cash in the bank at the end of the year. So net-net, I mean, if we had to give a number today, it would be slightly higher than the $4 billion. But directionally, I still think it's a reasonable framework for us to be communicating.
Daniel Comas: Well, Deane, it's not a definitive pressure point, but we've been an A1/P1, CP-issuer for a dozen years. We like being in that zone particularly if things ever turn ugly, and at some point they will. Hopefully, not anytime soon. That's kind of the model that we have liked to work under.
