Daniel L. Comas: So Nigel, this is Dan. So, Q3 we're talking about 3% or better core. I think if we – in that zone, in part because we have a little bit of easier comparison in the fourth quarter, core could be a little bit higher than that. Regarding the corporate on a combined basis, we've talked since the beginning and we're still sort of in that zone about $70 million to $80 million of corporate dis-synergies from the two entities, and going forward, corporate will remain in kind of the low $40 million for Danaher.
Daniel L. Comas: And Jeff, two things to add. One is Gilbarco had better growth than the Water business, so there's a negative mix in there for the segment and we had our best – best segment was Q2 last year was probably 150 basis points, 200 basis points better than any other quarter we had in 2015. So, a little bit of a comp issue as well. But as Tom alluded to, we are investing pretty heavily right now in the Water business organically.
Daniel L. Comas: Jeff, it's probably a little bit early to kind of comment on 2017. The muni strength continues to be broad based, both at Trojan and at the Hach business. And at the Hach business, we're seeing it both in Europe and the U.S. Very consistent and healthy spending there. The offset of that both for Hach and ChemTreat is where we serve the industrial or any commodity-oriented markets. They've been challenging.
Daniel L. Comas: Tycho, we've been (38:43) on Western Europe. We've been consistently in kind of a pretty healthy low-single-digit number across Western Europe. It's been pretty broad-based. It is an area where I think because of some of the uncertainties in the last couple of years, we've probably taken a fair amount of share as we've seen some people kind of pull back in Western Europe over the last couple of years. So, it's been a good market for us and we're also seeing Pall doing quite well in Europe but those are, obviously, not in the core numbers yet.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, Tycho, we've obviously spent the last year in a significant effort on deleveraging. We're in really good shape. We're south of two-and-a-half times at this point. Initially, we're close to four times leverage. So, we're back to a mode of spending our free cash flow plus and we talk about a couple billion of capacity for this year but going into next year, you're back to more $3 billion to $4 billion of capacity per year. And that's not without – that's without really stretching the balance sheet.
Daniel L. Comas: Sure. Sure, Julian. On the last one, yes. And as I mentioned earlier, part of the Environmental issue was a comp issue that margins, on a historical restated basis for the Environmental and Applied Solutions were 200 basis points higher in Q2 a year ago. So, you expect that to sort of normalize. Core margins were relatively flat for Danaher. Ex Fortive, that was again somewhat of a function of the prior-year compare. For our full year, we continue to expect 50 to 75 basis points of core margin expansion for Danaher, ex Fortive, and you'll see better performance. So, very good performance in the first quarter. You'll see better performance in Q3 and Q4.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Nigel, we did see some core improvement without a doubt in Dental, 4% core growth in Dental, and a good part of that was clearly around better execution and to some extent, a little bit easier comp. We saw good performance in implants and equipment at mid-single-digit growth. Consumables, more like low single digit. Terrific performance in China continued. You've heard us talked to double-digit growth in China and we saw that continuing. U.S. and EU getting a little bit better and the high-growth markets, still challenging for sure but we are rounding around some easier comps. You heard me talk about good solid performance at Nobel. That continued. That said, relative to your question about any impact, there may have been a little bit of pull forward on some revenues just based on the nature of the calendar and the way the calendar worked on the end of the quarter but, in general, I think we were very pleased with the performance. Given seasonality, we could see some moderation in the Q3 growth rates at low-single digits. That's typically a function of more European exposure and the summer tends to be a little bit slower. So, we won't necessarily see a straight line to the improved performance, but we were very, very pleased with the execution in the second quarter and we think we've got a very good trajectory behind us that bodes well for, I think, the quarters to come.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Steve. Relative to Pall, we did think it was important to keep those together in a single segment. Obviously, the Life Science part of the Pall portfolio is the larger part of the portfolio. There's commonality internally at Danaher from a reporting standpoint, both in terms of both businesses, both sides of the business reporting into a President at Pall as well as an EVP overseeing all of Life Sciences. There's also commonality across R&D and supply chain and operations. So, there's a lot of reasons operationally to keep the businesses together and therefore, somewhat from a reporting standpoint as well. I mean, realistically, we probably could have split them up, but I think we would probably reevaluate that over time. And see how we might run the businesses in the years to come. But I think for right now, that's probably the best approach is to keep them together. In terms of Environmental and PID, I think those businesses do share some commonality in terms of serving some different applied end markets. We could have kept them separately. They would've been far smaller segments. So, I think we felt that those kind of went together and provided some flexibility for us as we defined ourselves as remaining a multi-industry company, there obviously is some flexibility maintained in terms of how we might add to that segment over time.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Steve, it didn't have anything to do with being busy or in any way focused on other things. Acquisition volume kind of ebbs and flows over time and so we think the pipe – we know the pipelines remained quite good. We have active conversations in each one of the platforms, so we feel very good about where we are. We have obviously a terrific balance sheet to work with and I think we'll see good things in the quarters to come.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: We are. We continue to have teams that focus as we always have in each one of the operating companies and in each one of the platforms focused on developing funnels, ensuring that we have active cultivations and yes we remain bias towards applying our free cash flow to each one of the businesses across the portfolio.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Jeff, thanks for the question. In general, we feel very good about where those businesses are. I'll speak specifically to the Hach business. We had very good performance in the prior quarter – in the same quarter last year. In addition, we're making some investments from a growth standpoint in those businesses. So, I think we'll continue to see margin expansion from the Water side of the Environmental segment and I think those investments overall are going to pay off in terms of good growth rates in the quarters to come. So, it's not an area of concern for us.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Jeff, as we, I think, showed last year, we've established a cadence of restructuring that has gone on, you might say quietly but I would say more consistently and appropriately throughout the course of the year. As opportunities have come up, we've taken advantage of those in each of the quarters. And so, we still have opportunities for some level of restructuring in the third and fourth quarter. But in general, we've been more balanced through the course of the year. And I think that has served us well in terms of the operating margin expansion that you've seen over time late last year and this year as well.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Shannon, it varies depending on where we direct those funds. I think in some cases, when we put investment directly into, say, feet on the street in either a developed market or a high-growth market, we tend to see those investments pay off in just a quarter or two. If we're talking about investments that go into new product development, those tend to have much more of a lag time. As projects get kicked off into early business case-oriented toll gates, you could have several quarters to it, at times, even a couple of years before you might see the impact of a new product investment, again, depending on how early or late stage an existing project might be in the pipeline. So, it's varied. I think in the case of Nobel, just to talk to one of the businesses, we've seen those investments pay off relatively quickly. You've seen it in good core revenue growth consistently in that business. They have relatively shorter cycle times in terms of new product development. In businesses like Beckman, for example, and at Pall, the product development cycles are longer, certainly significantly longer at a place like Beckman where oftentimes, we'll have clinical trials and/or regulatory clearances. And so, those new product investments can take some time, obviously.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Yeah, a little bit slower growth in the developed markets. I mean, in general, the developed markets, from an overall perspective, are slower growth markets to begin with. We've always seen better market growth in the overall in places like China and India and the Middle East. So in general, I think we're tracking closer to the market growth rates than anything else. Still have work to do; there's no question about it. We have improved our retention rates and our competitive win rates, but there's still work to do in terms of both go-to-market as well as new product development. And over time, we do believe those will pay off and better growth rates in the developed markets.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Good morning, Tycho. Thanks for the question. We do think that we're – as you mentioned, we've seen good performance in Dental. Again, not necessarily a straight line but we're very encouraged by the performance we're seeing. In terms of the other businesses across the second half, I think we'll see continuing better performance across the Diagnostic businesses in particular. We're starting see the benefit of a number of the investments across those businesses. I think we'll see continuing good performance from Water Quality. PID has been pretty consistent along the way, so I think we will see that continue. Our Life Science businesses have also performed well particularly SCIEX as well as Beckman Life Science. So, I think we'd see some modest incremental growth there. I would also remind you that we're coming around through some easier comps in the second half as well and so we will get a little bit of benefit from those easier comps really across the entire portfolio.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Well, I think the Brexit situation certainly has created uncertainty around not just the U.K. but across European theater at large. Uncertainty is rarely a good thing for markets in terms of people's willingness to make investments particularly in instrumentation and higher cost instrumentation. So, I think that uncertainty could potentially result in some slowness in the second half but it's very early to tell.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Good morning, Ross. SCIEX is probably the best business to think about when you think about your question about pharma versus, say, biotech. SCIEX has exposure to both those end markets and we're seeing good performance, healthy demand and fairly consistent demand from both sides of the house there. I'd have to do some follow-up to get you some detail on anything to do with the generics or the CROs, specifically. But clearly in the aggregate, these markets are doing quite well. Pall, as you mentioned, we've talked about the growth that we're seeing in the Life Science side, specifically around our single use technology product offering, where we're seeing continued double-digit growth rates in that area, and that clearly is associated with the growth in biopharmaceutical specifically in the growth in large molecule drugs.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: I'd say China in particular, India as well, are very good markets for us. But I would say that there's still a long runway ahead for those markets. Some of the generic and the CRO movement into those markets has been on balance, a positive, but there are also components of the market that are still relatively nascent, particularly in terms of what might be going on there in the future relative to large molecule drugs. So, I think there's still a pretty good runway ahead.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Derek, I think, first of all, starting at a Danaher level, our bias towards M&A is not – and the use of our free cash flow to M&A is not specifically skewed towards any of the four segments that I mentioned. We've had a consistent track record of capital allocation across each of those four segments that we'll be reporting on in the future, and I think you'll continue to see us do that. Now specifically to your question around Life Sciences & Diagnostics, what you've seen us do in Life Sciences is continue to broaden our product offering over time and I think you'll continue to see us do that. We have had a bias and we continue to have a bias towards businesses with not only strong brands and significant installed bases, but installed bases that drive good, consistent recurring revenue and consumables growth. The diagnostic business is inherently that way, typically, and you've seen us buy businesses with those same characteristics; strong brands, significant installed bases and strong recurring revenue and consumable streams. I think you'd see us continue to do that. We think there is certainly room to continue to expand our Diagnostic product offering and provide hospitals with broader bundles of product. Today, we provide products obviously to the central laboratory, the core clinical laboratory as well as anatomical pathology and to the acute care areas of the hospital. And with expansion of MicroScan into microbiology with IRIS opening up urinalysis for us, I think those types of expansions of our footprint would certainly be characteristic of the types of things that we would hope to do in the future
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure, Thanks, Derek. Just for everyone's benefit, the VERIS platform is a high-volume, random-access molecular diagnostics instrument that was commercialized for the first time in Europe in the second half of last year. That product line serves the core or central clinical laboratory of major hospitals. And again, as I mentioned, it's a high-volume platform. We're very pleased with the early traction that we've gotten. It is still early. During the first year of a significant new product introduction like that, the first of its kind by Beckman Coulter, it does take a while to build the funnel, but we've been very happy with how that funnel has built the sales opportunity funnel in the last year. The installations that we have thus far are running very well. We have four assays in the market right now, but the four assays really are just the beginning. There's a significant roadmap of assay development ahead that will ultimately be commercialized both in Europe as well as in the U.S. That product will need to go through regulatory clearance in the U.S., so it'll be some time before we see the volumes ramp beyond the early days here in Europe. But the feedback from customers has been very strongly positive, and we feel good about the start we have.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: I usually hesitate to try to put any bets on FDA clearance. There's a fair amount of work to do, even before we file for that clearance. So, I'll probably have a better sense of that in the quarters to come but I couldn't put a date on it today.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: No. I wouldn't say we've seen necessarily any changes, Julian. I think to the extent that there's good news there, I think it would be that we've seen some stability found in those markets. We continue to make some excellent progress in terms of our go-to-market initiative. We've done over 40 growth-related kaizens at Pall since we acquired the business. And a number of those kaizens have been going on in the industrial markets. And that involves installing DBS tools such as funnel management and transformative marketing that we think is improving our execution in those markets. So, I think the combination of seeing some stability across each one of those end markets in combination with the application of DBS tools, I think has gotten us to a pretty good place. So, I would hope to see some incrementally better performance late this year and certainly entering next year. But I think in general, we're pleased that things have stabilized.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Isaac, good morning and thanks. I think it's both. As I was just mentioning to Julian, I think we've seen the markets themselves from a macro standpoint stabilize a bit; in other words, not get any worse. And we will need to see some improvement in the macro environment to see some meaningful or step function improvement in growth. But we're not waiting for that. Our focus is on ensuring that we have the best sales team on the field, that we're providing those teams with exceptional new product development, that we've got our coverage set up appropriately across geographies and across each one of those verticals. And I think the combination of good market coverage, DBS tools, new product development and some improvement in those end markets is what it's going to take. Obviously, the majority of that we hope to be in our control but a little help from the end market certainly wouldn't hurt.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Isaac. Well, as you know, we had come from behind here from the standpoint of the big five in the overall market. I think from a pacing standpoint, we've now gotten to a point where we are very close to, if not at market growth rates with a couple of the competitors as you mentioned that reported last week posting better growth rates. And in doing so, in some cases, as a function of their positions in certain higher growth markets but, in other cases, we simply have work to do in terms of continuing to drive our new product development and our go-to-market initiatives. We're ahead of a couple other competitors in that market and we have demonstrated where, from a competitive win perspective, we've become far more competitive in the overall market. So, I think we've made a ton of progress but clearly work to do, and that work is, as you've referenced, is represented by some folks that are still putting up some pretty good numbers. So, I think we've got the initiatives and the investment levels in the right place to continue to make progress, and it'll take a bit of time, but I think we're on the right track.
