Rainer Blair: Sure. So let me start with -- we are not seeing any material impact related to some of the tenders or some of the other things that we hear out of China. In fact, the Anhui Province tender is really an exception in diagnostics and actually more common in other industries, and we'll see this kind of thing from time-to-time, but it's neither unexpected nor do we see it as material. But what we're seeing generally in China is really very consistent with what we've seen over the past several years. China has been very forthcoming with its Made in China 2025 Initiative as well as several others, all of which we see quite aligned with our strategy. Starting with our portfolio, which is clearly aligned with the healthy China 2030 agenda, where you see the need for both improved Diagnostics solutions as well as Life Sciences research and bioprocessing, as well as the desire to protect the environment where water quality really plays big, as well as the desire to improve and protect the food supply where we see PID playing large as well. We think we're really ideally positioned here to meet the needs of where China is going. Now, at the same time for years, we have been investing in China as our business gains scale to ultimately localize our production. And that's been the case here for some time, positioning us very well in China, and that will continue to be the case going forward as our businesses continue to gain scale there.
Rainer Blair: We haven't really seen a material impact on our ability to meet our customers' demand, but we are seeing some modest inflationary and supply chain pressures in certain areas just to name a couple, of course, electronic components, freight, and logistics and some labor shortages. But really this is where the Danaher Business System is a differentiator for us in this environment. In fact, despite the additional work that ensues, we see this really as an opportunity for ourselves to differentiate with our DBS toolset, for instance with daily management, which brings our cross-functional teams together on a daily basis, drive disciplined execution and accountability, as well as the sense of urgency in real-time problem solving. And at the same time of course, we're qualifying additional suppliers and building safety stocks. So, this is how we make sure that Danaher continues to not only meet its customer expectations, but also has opportunity to gain share. Now at the same time, of course, we see some inflationary pressures and we're offsetting those with more active cadence, of price increases, and those would also be incrementally larger than in the past, as well as freight and fuel surcharges. So, on the one hand, we're driving as always to reduce our cost of goods sold. At the same time, we take additional offsets with moving on some of these surcharges and price increases I mentioned. I think also importantly, to note here that this is not a top down process. The Danaher operating companies have this process muscle and are able to execute effectively whether that's ensuring the security of the supply chain or whether that's ensuring that we can offset cost increases via price and other methods. And ultimately, we think that differentiates us and we think we are gaining share as a result of that in PID water quality, Cytiva and Pall, Radiometer and elsewhere.
Rainer Blair: That's correct, Tycho. We're really pleased that the team was able to ship more again here in the third quarter with the capacity increases, and demand still exceeds our ability to supply. But for today's view, 45 million cartridges for 2022 is our point of view.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Thanks Vijay. So, the way to think about the fourth quarter here in terms of testing, is we would expect also 16 million cartridges in the fourth quarter similar to what we saw in Q3. While we're always working to increase capacity, we think 16 million cartridges is the right way to think about it. And of course, if you add up the quarters, let's call it about 55 million, I wouldn't want you thinking about a step down here in Q4 for Cepheid. That's not the case. Now as you look forward to 2022, we still think that 45 million cartridges where we sit today, is the right way to think about it. And as we come to our fourth-quarter earnings call in January, we'll revisit the topic then.
Rainer Blair: So to start with, the Cytiva and the Poll Biotech businesses together are by far the most complete portfolio in the marketplace. And we continue to see pockets where we're taking share because we've been able to invest not only in capacity, but our customers really appreciate the scientific capability and the help that they get from Cytiva and Pall in solving the challenges that are associated with making biologics of high-quality with high yields at the targeted costs. So we really see ourselves in an advantage position here and believe that we continue to take share whether that's on a quarterly or on an annual basis, that's for sure the case. Now, as we think about the long-term growth, and perhaps our timelines needs to be aligned here. As we think of long-term growth, you might recall, when we acquired Cytiva, we thought this was more of a fixed percent type of growth business. And what we've seen here is that certainly the growth of this business is rerated higher. And certainly in the pandemic, it's quite a bit higher. Once again, as we think about the long term, we think it's prudent to think about a business at that scale in a high single-digit. And we think that will compare very favorably with any other business out there in the short, medium, and long term.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Derrick, as you know, we have been and as you just mentioned, investing very significantly in the business. This is not only the case in capital expenditures, where we're investing in our manufacturing network throughout the world. But we've also been investing significantly in research and development in feet on the street to drive proprietary innovation in the short and long-term, as well as to ensure that we can continue to drive share gains with our direct business model. Now as we think about the operating leverage, you know that our fall through here had been in the 40% range. And we think that's a good way to think about the quarter here as well. In the long term, historically, our fall-through has been more in the 35% range. And we think that's probably the better way to think about fall -through for the long term, just because we want to find that balance of reinvesting in the business, as well as driving profitability expansion. And we think that Flywheel works for us. Mid-single-digit plus growth on the one hand; on the other hand, 50 to 75 basis points of operating margin expansion, free cash flow conversion over net income over a 100%. All of that then to drive double-digit plus EPS growth. And when you couple that with our current balance sheet of positioning with our bias to deploy capital towards M&A, we think that sets us up very nicely here, both from an operating leverage perspective, as well as driving our growth franchise forward.
Rainer Blair: Well, let me start with that. We are seeing accelerated analytical demand versus prior year today. That's the case in all of our more instrument bias -- businesses and that is certainly the case for SCIEX as well. We do see that the funding environment labs opening up are helpful here and have accelerated instrument demand going forward. And SCIEX has done very nice here with over mid-team core growth in the quarter and that also read through to China as well. SCIEX in particular, as you know, has been on a great streak of -- and continuous streak of innovation launching at the ZenoTOF 7600, as well as the 7500 Triple Quad an d Echo MS, and is not only benefiting from the tailwinds of and attractive funding environment, which we see here in this year and certainly in the second half of 2021. But they're also benefiting through this innovation that is really allowing our scientists to answer new questions and that's resulting in share gain.
Rainer Blair: We are close to those $2 billion of backlog and for the bio-process business for 2022 today and certainly expect to be there by the end of the year. We think that sets us up pretty well. We will see what 2022 brings and we'll talk more about that in January. But the fact that we've up that backlog by 500 million here going into 2022, we think is a good sign for things to come.
Rainer Blair: We're about a 150 basis points up year-over-year and we continue to move price increases through the system. So I think you're going to continue to see that filtering through here going forward, Scott. So mix plays a role as you suggest; timing is another one, but all of these actions are in the works and it takes some time to get through the system.
Rainer Blair: Scott, that's a great question. And the 30% increase is primarily related to a number of points. One, of course, you have more people working on more projects. But in terms of the productivity, the way to think about that is any project that we do, has its business case and we ensure that that productivity to the delivery of that business case makes sense for us. So we view this, of course, as an investment in the future that ultimately drive defensible proprietary share gain through research and development. And the increased comes in terms of people that comes in terms of additional equipment, testing equipment that's required. It comes in terms of additional alpha and beta system that are out in the field with our customers. So myriad ways that we invest that in order to drive innovation.
Rainer Blair: Very good. Well, let's start with the topic of the contribution that's in the 2 billion. In fact, we did not include the kid 12 and below into our $1.5 billion original backlog estimate for 2022. That and, of course, now the approval of boosters for various groups of the population is really what is driving that increase from $1.5 to $2 billion of backlog for 2022. What it doesn't include is the approval of these vaccines for kids 12 and younger, for example, outside of the US. That's something that is still in the future, and there's not sufficient clarity for us to start thinking about that in quantitative terms, but that's something that would be excluded in that. Now coming back to your capacity question, as you likely are aware and as we talked about also in our Analyst Day, we have been investing in capacity expansions in the biotech business now, for some time. In fact, we ensured that the investment continued even prior to the closing of the acquisition from GE and we have continued with those investments that have come online here, nearly in a continuous fashion through the second half of 2020 and 2021. And we expect those capacities to continue to increase here going into 2022. So we feel very comfortable that we're able to meet our customers' requirements here now and going forward, and we think that differentiates us in the marketplace. And why, among other reasons, we are confident that we are taking share.
Rainer Blair: So Jack, first of all, we see the funding environment across the board improving. So if we start with yes, we do see customer activity increasing, we do see more work occurring at the workplace, and with that, more projects being tackled both in the capital as well as operating investment categories. And we would expect that to continue to improve here going forward as the economy continues to pick up speed and return to normality. As we think about Life Sciences, research funding is up, whether that's government funding, whether that's venture capital funding, or whether that is Biopharma funding from the pharmaceutical companies. We've see n a step-up here in an effort to take advantage of the opportunities that new breakthroughs and technologies that you're all aware of, as a result of COVID, all -- creating a great deal more awareness of the possibilities here in therapeutics. We see, generally speaking, a great environment in the Life Science area. Bioprocess, we talked about with continued capacity increases to meet the needs of the very fast-growing therapeutic pipeline. We talked about the fact that monoclonal antibody pipeline is up 50% in terms of the number of projects over the last five-years. Genomic gene cell therapy pipeline is up an order of magnitude to 10x versus 5 years ago. That's creating very healthy drive here whether that's in the research - side of Life Sciences or in the bioprocessing. And then when you come back to diagnostics, patient volumes are nearly at full rate pre -pandemic rates, if you will, in nearly every geography. And we continue to, of course, the COVID driving additional diagnostic demand and so across the board a very positive funding environment. And we would expect that the one of the other budget is going to be taken advantage of here in the fourth quarter. We'll see. There are a number of different perspective there but the environment is generally very positive.
Rainer Blair: So we -- actually coming back to the front end of your question there, we couldn't be happier with both Aldevron as an entity, but even more importantly, the team in Aldevron that have embraced joining the Danaher family are embracing and pulling hard on the Danaher Business System and are really focused on driving and growing their business. There's plenty of opportunity as you likely know, in the core businesses of Aldevron. And we see that. We see that in the order book. We see that in revenues. And we will see that also in their earnings contributions, all of which is running as we expected, when we updated during the acquisition. So we expect to see $400 million of revenue this year, growth rate in 20% plus range, and we expect to see $0.20 of EPS in year 1, growing to $0.30 of EPS in year 2. So Aldevron -- incredibly pleased with the motivation and the engagement of the team and the important work that they're doing. And proud to have them as a part of the Danaher family.
Rainer Blair: Very much a part of the investment hypothesis is to expand Aldevron's activities, as you say, internationally. And we, of course, are focusing first and foremost now on the transition into Danaher and are helping the team with their number 1 priority which are to take care of the expansion that they are finalizing as we speak. And we're already in the process of the next set of those expansions. And so in terms of timeline, we'll talk about that when that becomes something that's on the top of the agenda. But currently it's all about ensuring an effective transition, taking care of our customers, transitioning the team on to DBS and they're incredibly excited about that. And of course, subsequent expansions as we go forward.
Rainer Blair: We really like the way we're positioned. Both in terms of the franchises and the platforms that we have as well as how we're thinking about our earnings Flywheel. I talked about that earlier in the call. Driving that mid-single-digit plus growth, the double-digit EPS expansion, and of course then having a very strong balance sheet position in order to continue to prioritize capital allocation towards M&A. And as we think about our balance sheet position this year, after the Aldevron deal, by the end of the year, we should probably be back to about 2 times net debt -- 2 turns of EBITDA over net debt. And we think that puts us in great position and our funnels are active. And we continue to work as we always have at Danaher to ensure that we have the next deal ahead of us and take advantage of the balance sheet that we have. We're very well positioned there. We feel good about where we sit.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Sure. So rough numbers here, Luke, thinking about 85% vaccine, 15% therapeutics. That's roughly -- those are the rough numbers there.
Rainer Blair: In terms of the mix here in Q3, we saw 80% COVID only 20% 4-in-1 test. And as you think about Q4 here, we see that heading towards the 50-50. A good way to think about it as 50% of the COVID -only test in Q4 and 50% of the 4-in-1. Now as we think about the first half of next year, I think the best way to think about it right now is the 45 million tests that we've been talking about. And generally speaking, the same kind of mix ratios that we have within flu seasons and outside of flu season. So within flu season, probably around 50/50 is the best way to think about it: 4-in-1 and COVID only. And then if we're outside of the flu season, probably closer to 80-20.
Matt Mc Grew: This is Matt. Just to put some numbers to what Rainer said. I mean, if you look at SCIEX in particular, on a two-year stack, you're talking about high single-digits here in ' 20and '21, which is that's actually better than where they were in '18 and '19 on a two-year stack. So I think like Rainer said, we're seeing some pretty nice acceleration, really new product-driven as well, but it's been a really good story here for the last couple of years.
Matt Mc Grew: Yes. Dan, let me just give you the numbers because I think may be disconnect here. I think the simple frame for Q4 is like we, talked about, we increased our expectations from low double-digits to low to mid-teens. And like you said, we are up in the base business. We think the base business is going to be high-single-digits in Q4, which as you said, was probably a little closer to 10% here in Q3. And I would look at that delta between kind of high-single-digits and 10 and say that that's really just more a function of kind of prudent planning given the current operating environment and some of the things we've talked about. In particular, you think about Q4 and logistic challenges, etc. that might be there. So I think we're just trying to give a little bit of -- from a planning perspective, high-single-digits from about the10% we've seen, but really not much of a change here in the environment.
Matt Mc Grew: The M&A contribution is probably going to be about -- it was 40 here in Q3. But I think you're probably pretty close with what you've got, 40 million.
