Daniel L. Comas: Steve, its Dan. Clearly we're happy with how we're progressing in terms of the various approvals, but again we don't know until we get the last one in. But, there is a decent chance this happens sooner this year.
Daniel L. Comas: Nigel, we're clearly continuing to feel the impact of the FX on our margin. Until we anniversary the big move in the euro, that will continue. But overall, very good cost action fall-through. One of the dynamics in Q2, our consumable business aftermarket core growth remained very, very healthy. Our equipment business was slightly softer. I think that's not unlike what we're hearing from a lot of other more equipment-based businesses. So we actually get a favorable mix from that from a margin perspective. But the FX impact is still very much there.
Daniel L. Comas: Yeah, clearly there's seasonal here. We're typically down $0.03 or $0.04 on slightly lower revenues Q2 to Q3 and we expect a similar dynamic here.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, clearly we've done the $3 billion of the euros. We've set up all the bank facilities to back us up, the commercial paper, and we'll likely do a U.S. bond deal as we get closer to closing.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, again, we believe as of now, Q3 will be comparable to Q2. We have a few less selling days in Q4 which benefited Q1, but adjusted for that, we're not looking for a fundamental change and despite arguably a tougher, incrementally tougher macro environment, we're looking for core growth to stay relatively steady with where we are today.
Daniel L. Comas: Jeff, we were about 8%, 9% which has been remarkably consistent. We were just talking about it with the China team the last five or six quarters.
Daniel L. Comas: Jeff, we definitely do. And we're spending a lot more time with Jim and his team ramping up that effort. And I would expect to see some bolt-ons here in NewCo in the next 12 months, 18 months
Daniel L. Comas: Sure. It's Dan, Shannon. On Life Science Diagnostics, that is a segment that we get probably hit the hardest from an FX perspective, but on a constant-currency basis, they would have been up 100 basis points. So kind of feel underlying from a core perspective, we're making the progress we should be making but just paying a lot of FX pain right now. Good core growth numbers. We are investing, high growth markets, new products, so I think you're seeing some of the impact there. But you're seeing it on the core growth side. Dental is a function of very modest core growth, growing 1%, tougher to expand those margins. We'll need a little better core growth to see core margin expansion here in the second half.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, I don't think we would have announced a separation if we didn't see a significant opportunity there. And just in the last 45 days, we really kind of geared up again the M&A activity for many of what will be Jim's businesses. We're already starting to see some bolt-ons that I think will come through in the next six months, but I think there are also larger opportunities in time. And that is a team at Fluke, Gilbarco that have executed extremely well on their bolt-on adjacent-type acquisitions, and we feel very good about that opportunity going forward.
Daniel L. Comas: We will. I think it'll still be relatively modest but it will be better than what we've seen here in the first half. We were encouraged by consumables returning to a more normal growth level, more typical margin performance. And while equipment was a tad better, and the sellout numbers are fine, I'm not sure we're entirely done from a destock perspective. I think we've got the biggest pieces behind us but I still think there'll be a little bit more here in the second half.
Daniel L. Comas: Yeah. I mean, on a sequential basis, clearly part of that's Nobel which comes in with a direct selling model, so it's a pretty more heftier selling expense, but you should see some continued normalization.
Daniel L. Comas: Deane, we're pretty happy. We did see the pace of bolt-ons ramp up last year. That's continued here in the first half. On the margin, some of the incremental choppiness in the macro environment is helping get some of these bolt-ons to the finish line. Now that we're geared up here with Jim and many of his businesses, I expect that pace to continue. We're not going to do any multibillion dollar deals here in the next 12 months, but I think you should see a very healthy continued pace of bolt-ons across the platform.
Thomas P. Joyce: Well, Steve, we're constantly challenging our teams throughout the course of the year to be looking for opportunities to improve productivity, to position themselves better, to realign cost structures, to align those cost structures to the best growth opportunities. And that's really been going on throughout the course of this year. Obviously as we do assess the macro environment, we'll figure out whether anything more significant needs to be done. But I think at the moment the teams are doing a nice job continuing to look for opportunities as the year progresses.
Thomas P. Joyce: I think probably one I'd highlight for you, Steve, there are probably a few others that I wouldn't bring immediately to mind but maybe a headline would be GVR. As we see the EMV regulations continue to come closer, meaning the outdoor regulations that have a deadline in the end of 2017, the indoor regulations that are currently driving some encouraging performance in our POS related technologies, I think those dynamics will continue to improve GVR's performance. GVR was a little lighter here in the second quarter, but I think good year-to-date. But I think we'd look to see that accelerate in the back half of 2015 and clearly into 2016.
Thomas P. Joyce: Well, we've had a little bit of time here, Scott. But we're still looking at the same timing that we've spoken to earlier. We have a team assembled as I mentioned. Team's gotten to work building action plans. There is a lot to do. I think one of the great things that I've seen recently is how the team is applying principles and the practices of DBS to the whole process. Many of you have seen some of those examples of visual management and project management as you've toured our facilities. We're applying that same approach here. And I think as we do that and time progresses here a bit and we understand some of the details in a deeper way, we'll look for every opportunity to accelerate that. The facts of the matter are that the complexities associated with work to do, associated with the audits that'll need to be done, the filings associated with that. The associated tax-related work will take time, and we're going to do everything we can to accelerate the process. But it's still early days in defining all those details.
Thomas P. Joyce: Well, Scott, I don't know that we have any clearer crystal ball necessarily on the macro environment than a lot of other folks. I think we feel very good about how well our portfolio is positioned to weather storms in various markets. Today I think we're certainly cognizant of the headlines. We've seen the high growth markets become very uneven. While we're still seeing relative strength and excellent execution in places like China and the Middle East, we're very cognizant of the weaknesses in Latin America, specifically in Brazil, the challenges in Russia, and yet I think in many cases, in the overall, we're performing quite well. As we've said in the last couple of calls, our businesses are really well positioned in Europe. We don't see Europe as a particularly robust market at the moment, but we continue to post good growth across a number of our businesses. The U.S. has been steady for us, but again, I think we would look to our own execution as being the underpinnings of that and not so much any great confidence in macro stability going forward.
Thomas P. Joyce: Well, we still think China is a very good market for a number of our businesses, Scott. If we look specifically at performances across the portfolio, our Diagnostic business, our Dental business continues to perform exceptionally well in China. So we're seeing strength across some of our other businesses as well. Water grew double digits in the quarter. So it's not the same market that it was a year ago or two years ago. It is a more challenging market in a macro context. We've seen some pockets of weakness in areas like academic-related and research funding. But in general, we continue to invest there. We still remain bullish that it will be one of our better growth markets across the whole global landscape.
Thomas P. Joyce: Sure. Good morning, Steve. Your assessment is right that the quarter ex-Comms would have been about 4% rather than the 3.5%. When you look at the portfolio within the context of NewCo and Danaher going forward, the NewCo businesses grew about 3% in the quarter, and the Danaher RemainCo portfolio grew about 4% in the quarter.
Thomas P. Joyce: Steve, we are seeing some improvement in our performance in dental. The Q2 growth that I mentioned of 1% was better than where we were in Q1. We're not yet where we want to be, but we saw some improvement in a number of areas. We're particularly enthusiastic about the great start that we've had with Nobel. It's not in the core numbers but having a very good start with mid-single-digit core growth for the second quarter and the second quarter in a row. We look at sellout and sellout remains very good. It's in probably the 3% to 4% range. Again, it will vary a bit across product categories, but I think sellout continues to be good. I think as we look at consumables and equipment, generally a number of areas performing better than they were. Still some work to do, but we think we're approaching the tail-end of some inventory related destocking activities that impacted primarily the equipment side, and were more or less isolated to the North American market. So I think quite a number of things to be encouraged about and clearly still some work to do in some spots.
Thomas P. Joyce: Sure. Absolutely, Jeff. Let's start with the Hach business. The Hach business continues to perform very well. Another very good quarter. I just mentioned their growth in China at double digits on the quarter, but continued good performance in the developed markets, specifically obviously in the U.S. and in Europe. And in general, that would span across industrial and muni. So I think we're seeing – we've seen pretty good progress there. They continue to invest in growth both on the sales and marketing side as well as in R&D. And I think we're seeing the benefits of consistent year-over-year investment net business and very, very good execution. If you look at Trojan, Trojan more on the equipment side, keep in mind that Hach is a little bit more of an OpEx related business, a little bit less CapEx exposure. Trojan a little bit more CapEx exposure. Had a good quarter, second consecutive positive core growth quarter. We're starting to see some improvement in bid volume on a global basis, and this is a lumpy business given the project nature, more CapEx oriented. But generally we're feeling pretty good about where Trojan is. We talked a number of times about the investments that we've made in ballast water. We noted that we filed formally for U.S. type approval via the coast guard. We're waiting for any questions or follow-up on that filing. But we remain encouraged about the potential for growth there. And then finally at ChemTreat, another good quarter at ChemTreat, performing very well. Probably faces a few more challenging pockets in the macro environment. There actually is a little bit of oil and gas exposure in that business. We've had some success up in the oil sands in Canada, and so we've seen some softness there. The steel market has been a little bit more challenging. So while ChemTreat continues to grow very positively and gain share, there's a few pockets of softness there that we'll need to offset.
Thomas P. Joyce: Shannon, we think about the market first of all in, probably to keep it simple, two different dimensions. We think about it in terms of truly more of a healthcare-oriented market, the term you used, that would impact our Diagnostic businesses more. And then more of a Life Science market that is more skewed towards selling to life science related academic and research institutions, universities, pharma, big pharma, food testing, et cetera. So first and foremost, we sort of separate it into those two segments of the market. Specific to your question about our Life Science platform in North America, we had some businesses that executed extremely well. Leica Microsystems, for example, despite the modest performance overall during the quarter due to some high growth market challenges had a very strong quarter in the U.S. SCIEX had an excellent quarter in the U.S. and that's really just good commercial execution. I wouldn't say it's a function of the macro environment. Back on the healthcare side, we've seen utilization in hospitals increase very modestly. Generally hospitals are in better shape financially today, so we've seen some investment coming through. And so I think that's certainly a little bit of a help, but, again, I would point to our execution, improvements in Beckman's overall performance, certainly Radiometer, a consistent performer, Leica Biosystems growing 20% in advanced staining and growing in some of the core histo applications also underpinning that. And those would all be growth rates that would be higher than the underlying market and certainly higher than the increases in utilization.
Thomas P. Joyce: Ross, we feel very good about that end market as we, I think, pointed out in a number of our conversations about the Pall transaction. We see the biopharma market to be one of the most attractive markets from a sustainable growth perspective in the years to come. You saw that in Pall's reported numbers coming out of their last quarter. So we feel very good about the growth prospects there. Specific to our business, I would probably point to SCIEX specifically as a business that performed very well. Their approach to that market is broad-based in terms of the full range of pharma customers, and we continue to see good growth. They were one of our best performers in the life science platform and, specifically, a very strong performer in North America. So we remain very bullish on that market.
Thomas P. Joyce: All right. Thanks, Julian, and good morning. Product ID, specifically Videojet, I'll start with Videojet, has performed very well. I would say that it is largely a function of very strong DBS-oriented execution at VJ. Some of the growth-oriented tools of DBS that we've spoken about in the past, tools around funnel management and transformative marketing, have really been developed and brought to maturity at Videojet. And we've seen the impact of the utilization of those tools in their commercial execution and the resulting growth performance and share gains. So it's a great job by that team, and I think we'll continue to see good performance there. That performance is replicated or is very similar when we look at Esko and X-Rite, two terrific acquisitions that the platform has done, really broadening its footprint and bringing a broader suite of solutions to brand owners. And so I think all is tracking in the right direction in terms of the platform. Relative to Domino, we have not seen any particular impact of that. The PID business in general and VJ specifically is performing exceptionally well in Europe. And so I think we're in good shape.
Thomas P. Joyce: Well, I think these are the types of things that obviously take some time. They're worked, Isaac, in collaboration with our distribution partners. You've got some balancing going on between different product lines, and so it's really just an evolutionary process.
Thomas P. Joyce: I think it might be a stretch for the full year, but I think in the second half, we'd be looking to try to achieve that kind of number.
Thomas P. Joyce: Sure. Deane, we have a suite of products in our Hach portfolio, Hach Lange portfolio, that we refer to as Hach environmental. And we use that term to reference the fact that that suite of products, those instruments and software and various communications modalities, allow us to provide capabilities outside of municipal and industrial water, namely in rivers, lakes, streams, tributaries, and all the way out into the blue ocean – the deep ocean areas with businesses like Sea-Bird. What Sutron provides us is a bolt-on acquisition that adds capabilities in satellite communications, in remote data transfer that add significant potential to instruments that are already installed in those applications. And so it's a tremendous add. It's a business that we've known for a long time. We've had an excellent relationship over many years with the leaders of that business, and we're thrilled to have them join the portfolio.
