H. Lawrence Culp: Right. Well, I think, Shannon, China was certainly central to a good bit of what we saw improved during the course of the quarter. Our book to bill in China in the first quarter was greater than 1.1. I think that's obviously helpful in terms of our internal metrics. I'd add to that in a number of businesses, Water particularly, we saw strengthening through the quarter in our project funnel, and I think that's part of what gives us the optimism that some of the external data that we see strengthening, like PMI suggested, as we go through the year here, China should get better. So we obviously were pleased with what we saw in China. I wouldn't say by the same token that it was particularly surprising in that regard. And as we look here, I think we'll see strong acceleration in China, and we should see China, I think, in the mid to high single-digit range here straightaway the second quarter.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think they will -- both businesses will improve, in part because obviously the comps will get easier in both businesses. And again, I think we're seeing encouraging trends, both with respect to our internal metrics, i.e., bookings, in addition to some of the external data points, be it PMI, NASDAQ, what have you. That said, I think that it's going to take TEK longer to go positive. I think they'll both be challenged here in the second quarter. I suspect we'll see Motion go positive in the second half. It may well be though, Shannon, I think until the fourth quarter that TEK instruments is positive on the core front.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that what we said in December, again, I think played out, by and large, as anticipated here in the first quarter. I think that as we look forward here, Nigel, again, I think we are encouraged by a number of the bookings trends that we saw, particularly in the U.S. and the emerging markets. We again saw that spread between the U.S. and Europe. This time about 700 basis points. Obviously, we saw Europe soften a bit. One key point with respect to Europe as we look forward is the second quarter is really the last quarter of last year that we'll be working. Hence, what we saw, a mid single-digit growth. So the European comparisons get a little easier, but we're not anticipating any rebound in the underlying market conditions in Europe. That said, I think the U.S. book-to-bill numbers, the sellout -- the sell-in/sellout dynamics, our funnels and the like give us optimism that barring some change in the macro scene, the U.S. will continue to be good and strong for us. If we look at emerging markets x China, we're very pleased with what we saw in the first quarter. We were up high single digits. And again, if that holds as we would suspect it will, that, in combination with improving China, gives us more tailwind out of the emerging markets than we've seen here in the last couple of quarters. So I think all-in, we certainly have a number of dynamics that we're working through. We talked to TEK. We talked to Motion a moment ago. But on balance, with what we've seen in Life Sciences & Diagnostics, very encouraged there. I think when you look at Product Identification, there as well encouraging outlook. Environmental, both within Water and at GVR, I think it's going to be getting better as we go through the year. So barring some sort of cataclysmic macro change, we think we're going to continue to see the acceleration we talked about with you in New York in December.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that where we saw it, Nigel, probably most pronounced in T&M and in Dental. I would say that it probably, by and large, has run its course, but I wouldn't want to speak for the network distribution partners that we have around the world. I think a number of them, despite good, healthy sell-through in the first quarter, continue to take a conservative posture. That's -- we're going to play the long game here and work with them to make sure they are stocked with products that they need and that we're both generating demand in the marketplace. But in terms of that continuing at the rate that it has here of late, I would find it -- I find that unlikely to be the case.
H. Lawrence Culp: Deane, you're absolutely right. We actually -- we're once in the color business back in the old days with Dr. Lange. Both Lange and Hach used similar spectrophotometric technology to glean the end [ph] results that their instruments produced. So it's a space that we know for a long time. I think that with X-Rite -- or excuse me, with Esko, our perspective on X-Rite really evolved from it being an attractive opportunity won that just made a ton of sense. It was the #1 company atop the Esko funnel. I think from a value perspective for shareholders, I think we'd say that this is an attractive $600 million adjacency to what we do within Product Identification, good underlying growth. I think the company clearly is the market leader here. They have a strong 3 to 4x share lead on competition. Two great brands in both X-Rite and Pantone. I think you see all that play out both in the 60% gross margins and the 20% operating margins. And I think the deal economics are such that we should hit that double-digit return within 3 years, probably do better than that as we have at Esko. So in terms of the space, the company, the deal, we like that. What X-Rite enables us to do is basically help brand managers throughout their entire supply chain, from the time they conceive the packaging for a new soda or a new tube of toothpaste all the way until that packaging is manufactured and sent into the distribution network, to not only manage the packaging of thoughtfully only in a digital frame, but now add to that the key element of color management. So whether you talk to a Unilever, a Proctor, a Coke, they see this as a fundamental challenge and opportunity in their business, not only with respect to cost savings but often have literally scores of versions of a white, a red, a yellow, but also the complexity as their businesses have globalized in keeping those brands' standards up to the global standard. So we're off to a great start with Esko. As you well know, this has been a -- this is a strong grower for us from the get-go, and I think the opportunity to partner with X-Rite is going to be another good addition to Danaher, but also turbo charge what we're doing in Product ID going forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: Jon, let me try to cover a number of those bases. I think we couldn't be happier, just as a headline, with where we are. As you point out from a performance perspective, the top line is improving, there's no doubt about it. That is in part a function of, I think, what we're doing on the quality and the service front. I'll come to that in a moment. But obviously, we're also seeing, I think, excellent progress on the cost side. The -- in terms of the core, we were at a low single-digit growth number. We were not flat. We'll take that as encouragement. That's 2 quarters in a row now. I think the underlying dynamic there really is in and around the retention and the win rates, which continue to improve. What we saw back last year continued through the course of the first quarter. We were up, I think, on a retention-rate basis of about 700 basis points, say, the last 5 months versus the preceding 5 months. So good traction there just for a whole host of different reasons. The win rates are improving as well. So if you think about that as a trajectory, I think we're -- we couldn't be more pleased with the recovery in the marketplace and in turn, so there is a lag effect to growth in the business. On the cost side, we were really pleased with the way the first quarter played out. If you go back in time, you really have to go back to '06 to see them at 16% at the operating level. That's more than 400 basis points from where we were a year ago. Lots of things coming in as we had anticipated. I think from an integration perspective, the reception to Danaher DBS continues to be thoughtful, strong, just -- as good as it could be. You talked about the Diagnostics and Life Science split. We have split the businesses, as you know, organizationally. We will be -- once we're in the core growth reporting mode, we will report those businesses separately. But to your question as to how the core growth splits, both Dx and Life Sciences were, in essence, both at that low single-digit rate. The organizational evolution is part of that; integration continues. We brought on a new Chief Medical Officer, an important and critical hire. There are a number of other things that we're doing lower down in the organizational chart now that I think bodes well for the future. And you asked about troponin, on the quality and service front, I think we continue to see DBS changing the way that we are doing the work there. Quality clearly is job one. Very pleased with some of the other assays that I mentioned in the prepared remarks that have been cleared, sodium and glucose. Troponin has been slightly slower, but the results have been steady. The progress good. And I would expect that while we're not going to try to provide a realtime update on these filings going forward, we should be in a good place on troponin very soon.
H. Lawrence Culp: Services also, Jon, just if I can just add one final point. What we're doing on the service side, you heard some of the data around: installation performance up 20% from a year ago; unscheduled service calls down 15%; a 90% reduction in past-due maintenance calls. These are all sorts of things that most Danaher businesses take for granted. Huge opportunity for us to possibly impact customers in Beckman by way of DBS. So all in all, a long way still to go here. But 9 months in, we're thrilled.
H. Lawrence Culp: Jon, the introduction of the 4500, while exciting, really isn't a material part of that dynamic. I would say that really what we saw was strengthening in the order books at SCIEX through the course of the quarter. Timing's part of the reason you see that book shift delta that we highlighted. And obviously, with a bookings quarter like that in the double digits, it gives us a lot of optimism on top of what we introduced at Pittcon. And hopefully, we've got a few things to show at ASMS that as we go through the year, we should continue to see AB SCIEX be an important growth driver for the segment and for the corporation.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that automation -- remember, the machine builders that we service at Motion, both at Kollmorgen and Thomson, have seen build rates in some of the verticals that we serve as we highlighted, Steve, slow. I think the build rates are clearly what's impacting our growth in those segments currently -- or in that segment -- those businesses currently. I think we are heartened by the strengthening in the order book, in the book to bill. But as you well know, that's going to really be a second half positive sector on our core growth in those businesses. So I wouldn't say that it was horrible or disaster, anything like that. But I think coupled with some of the softness that we've seen in China, particularly in some of the clean tech verticals there, that combination had Motion down in the quarter as we described.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I'm not sure I would characterize China turning on a dime here at quarter's end. We certainly saw slowing through the second half, anticipated a slow but improving start to the year, and I think that's, on balance, what we saw. I think that we would have anticipated in a few places, frankly, the business to have done a little bit better. If I look at Water, for example, encouraged by the funnel build here, but we were down in China in the year or in the quarter against what was not a particularly strong comp. We talked to Motion. That's an important dynamic for us in the quarter in China as well, as is Tektronix.
H. Lawrence Culp: Scott, I would, for one, not accept and wouldn't allow anyone on the payroll to accept 3% to 4% core growth through the cycle on a core basis for this portfolio. I mean, we certainly have -- I think, as you look across the business stem to stern, a strong set of businesses. Clearly, new businesses are going to come in. They're not going to be performing at a peak level. But that said, I think we're a mid single-digit-plus grower through the cycle with the businesses that we have. And anything we bring in will be brought in to strengthen our ability to grow, let alone generate margin expansion returns for shareholders. So I would argue that DBS has positive impact on business top and bottom line, on the balance sheet as well. This is a quarter perhaps with the headline number, though it being, I think, what we had talked about for some time, working against the highest growth quarter from a year ago, it's not a headline we relish putting out there. But that said, I think as we look at the underlying trends of the businesses, whether we look at book to bill and backlogs, whether we look at how we're performing in our markets, some of these issues around the channel dynamics at the start of the year, I think we feel very good about the acceleration that we talked about. The comps do get easier. That's an element to be sure. But there's no reason you should lower your expectations. I'm not lowering my expectations with respect to what we can do through the cycle.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that they're -- I think it's hard to characterize what we saw, Scott, in 2 very different markets, T&M on one hand, Dental in another, with 2 or 3 truly common denominators. I think that said, we saw, I think, in a number of places at the end of last year, despite good sellout, a cautious position on inventory on the part of a number of our partners, all managed businesses, that carried into this year, again, despite some of the strength that we were seeing at that counter and elsewhere on a sell-through basis. I think that corrects itself. It has to. So I'm heartened by the sell-through. The inventory adjustments that we've taken in the short-term perhaps created a little pressure. But I think you take the long view here, we want to be working with partners who are growing at or above market. We want to be their core or their key supply partners, and I think we're in that position. Again, part of the rationale, part of the logic that gives us the confidence to say as we move forward here, we'll benefit from that pickup at that readjustment, if you will, on the top line.
H. Lawrence Culp: Scott, big important topic. Let me simply say this. Yes, we have been increasing the weighting of core in our comps gains. And we'll continue to do that, not because we want to be a 5% to 7% versus the 4% to 5%. But the fact of the matter is, these businesses that are part of the Danaher portfolio, the bets that we have made are growth businesses and growth markets, right. So this is not a Danaher of a different time where some might reflect was simply a margin play. I don't think it was true then, but it's certainly not the case today. And we need to make sure that we are growing these businesses in order to perpetuate the leadership positions that they enjoy in their markets. If their market share as good as we think and the businesses are strong and get stronger, we should be delivering numbers more in line with what, I think, your expectations are pretty much in line with my own.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think it's one important piece of the puzzle, Steve. But I think there are a whole host of factors, innovation, new products is one. Obviously the success of what we do from a sales marketing and service perspective, another. And what we're able to do out of the factory in terms of quality delivery is a third. That are parts of that mosaic that we are executing well on the right things could allow us to grow at or above market rates. So I wouldn't want to get too fixated on any one input in that regard. I really do think it takes a broad integrated effort to drive the share gains that we see at a place like Videojet or ChemTreat that we've seen over the last several years.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think I we would always like to take numbers like those that you believe in your gut are correlated with growth and share up. But that number -- the right number for certain businesses will be higher than it will be for others, right. You take a business like Leica Micro or Tektronix where product life cycles are a little shorter, maybe the competitive intensity is a bit more than we might see elsewhere, they need to be at a higher number. Likewise, if you look at some of, say, the Water businesses, be it Hach Lange with a high consumable stream or ChemTreat, the new product or the vitality ratio there is not likely to be that high, in part just because of the way you do the math, if you're being honest about it. Obviously, we would be. So I think we try to calibrate those sorts of metrics business by business. So the -- no one business goes off chasing a corporate mandate or trying to clear a corporate bar that isn't appropriate to the context of the market they compete in.
H. Lawrence Culp: Jeff, I would say it's more underlying activity than big projects per se being let. So we will see that most positively at Hach, again because that's more of a razor blade's model as you know there. Conversely, that will pinch us a bit over time at Trojan as those big projects are slowing.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I would say that we have good visibility there, Jeff, with respect to projects. Again, given the selling cycle, given the way the municipalities plan these efforts and when initial planning commences compared to when we actually ship product, there's a good -- there's a bit of time there. The challenge is really applying historical practice and trends to that funnel and trying to anticipate when orders will be let. I think through the back half of last year and even here early in the year, we've just seen certain projects get pushed a bit more than we would have anticipated, more than we have seen historically. So I think that's why we're particularly heartened with the book to bill there. So we're seeing these funnels improve. That's good. Seeing a north of one of book to bill, even better. So that's the way I would describe it. It's certainly better visibility than we have in some other businesses, but it's been a little noisy, say, in the last 6 to 9 months.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I was in Europe this week. I'm not sure that having been there recently gives me any truly unique perspective, Jon. I think things are simply sluggish in a whole host of places. We can, I think, understand what happened at Leica and SCIEX again. While softening, we are heartened by some of the leading indicators. But that said, probably the best thing we have going for us right now in Europe is the simple fact that the comparisons get easier as we get into the second half. We say goodbye to these mid single-digit growth quarters that we saw last year, and that will help what we print. But while we're not, I think, unduly pessimistic about Europe, I don’t think we harbor any illusions about the underlying economy, particularly in those places where it's soft, bouncing back dramatically as we go through 2012.
H. Lawrence Culp: But, Jon, to Dan's point, I mean, rest assured, from an operating perspective, whether you cut it by company, whether you cut it by country, it doesn't mean those teams all get to take a pass on '12, right. There are countries where we see particular businesses, Dan highlighted a few good examples, where there are opportunities we should be able to grow. And at a minimum, you're always able to grab share. But when you roll it all up, obviously, Europe is going to be the challenge for us from a geographic perspective this year.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think if we look at T&M, and when we talk about this dynamic, we're talking about both Fluke and TEK, you're going to have puts and takes in any one month, any one quarter. But I think if we look at the last year or 2 in those businesses, I don't see it. I know some others may suggest otherwise. But I think if we look at those businesses, particularly with the new product momentum that we think we'll generate going through the year, what we're doing to generate brand preference, let alone broad end-user demand, we're doing good work there. And I think as we go through the year, again, barring change in the macro environment, that will present itself more than it has here in the first quarter in our top line numbers. And I think in Dental, the same dynamic applies. I didn't mean to leave them out.
Daniel L. Comas: Nigel, it's a little bit of mix. But it was really more investment. They had a nice step-up. I mean, overall, across the segment, good step-up in year-on-year gross margin percentage. We have stepped up some investment there. Obviously, the ballast water is part of that as well. The margins were obviously relatively flat year-on-year, but a lot of that was driven by increased investment.
Daniel L. Comas: You'll see some improvement, in part because we expect growth -- better core growth through the balance of the year, but that step-up investment will continue.
Daniel L. Comas: Deane, this is Dan. Off to a good start there. The combined business posted the best-ever gross margins in their history, even on a kind of pro forma basis, very good operating margins as well and actually a little bit slow here in Europe, but continued good progress in the emerging markets. We're not going to comment on external rumors. I think we said from the start, we wanted to -- the teams really get after a lot of the cost savings and the go-to-market opportunities that, that continues, and we'll see what happens over time.
Daniel L. Comas: I think we and Cooper could not be happy with the team's execution and the benefit we thought we will achieve by putting the units together.
Daniel L. Comas: It is, but part of that is just the calendar. A lot of what -- a lot of the improvement we're expecting in Q2, we booked in March. So I mean, our order growth rate was much better than our shipment growth rate in China in the first quarter. So we go in with a fair amount of backlog. So -- yet, from a shipment perspective, we're thinking flat to maybe mid to high single. But from an order perspective, it's gotten better but that trajectory not quite as steep, if that makes sense.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, I'd have to look at -- I'd look at that. I'd be -- I don't think I'd be surprised if it's that low. And there could be some -- I don't know if there's any acquisition noise in there. There may be again -- some with X-Rite. But I would expect to be more in the 30s, but I'd be happy to look at that with you.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, I think we talked about at least capacity of at least $5 billion. That's on top of X-Rite, which is at over $600 million. So that's roughly 2 years of current cash flow, and the math is not any more complicated than that.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, I mean, clearly, we've gotten bigger. Our cash flow has gotten larger. Our ability to borrow more under our current credit rating increases, and we would expect that to continue.
Daniel L. Comas: There's a little bit over half a point. Q1 is often a little bit light for us in price. I think that will get a little bit better. Again, we're getting pretty good price on consumables, though it's relatively flat on equipment and instruments.
Daniel L. Comas: And, Jon, as you point out, it's not soft across the board. We were talking about the muni business and the Water business in the U.S. Actually, we had a good first quarter in our municipal business in Europe. You mentioned Videojet, still decent growth, Radiometer as well. So we still have some key businesses that are performing reasonably well in Europe. So it's not soft everywhere.
Daniel L. Comas: Q1 played out very much as we expected, which is consistent sequentially from Q4 kind of the normal seasonality. Some business is soft and some businesses still posting pretty good numbers.
Daniel L. Comas: They were not -- Jon, they were not onetime items. We got off to a very good start. We had a very good Q4 that was masked from a reporting perspective because of all the restructuring we did. I just saw that play out nicely in the first quarter and if you look at that segment and you would add back the amortization, we actually grew up from an operating -- through operating profit perspective, we're north of 15% in the quarter. So off to a good start and think we can sustain that.
Daniel L. Comas: Rick, overall, our book to bill was nicely north of one for instrument in the first quarter. I'm not sure I have that broken down geographically. It's obviously encouraging given we had a sub-one in the fourth quarter, to see that go north of one in the first quarter is a good sign.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Right. But that automation stuff, that's separate from the technology you called out. They seem like 2 separate kind of discrete end markets you were talking about.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then the -- just the China pickup. I mean, is this -- it seems kind of interesting that it's -- it kind of turns on a dime here. I mean, you see one good kind of month of lending come out of China. I mean, do you find it kind of strange that the translation from what you see in kind of the macro data converts that quickly to orders, or is there something different going on there? Is it really kind of a loosening, or is it just end of destocking? It just seems to kind of have turned on a dime for you at the end of the quarter, from flat to up 8.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Sure. But I guess but flat to up high single digits in the second quarter seems like a pretty significant turn.
