H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. I think that what we saw, Scott, at T&M and I'd say both kind of in the core instruments business at both Fluke and at TEK, interestingly, was pretty good sell-through both in the U.S. and to a lesser degree in Europe. But in the face of that -- decent sell-through, we were seeing channel inventory adjustments, which led in part to the results that we've shared with you this morning. And then we've highlighted that we've seen some sequential slowing in China through the second half, and that certainly continued as we worked our way through the quarter. Obviously, a little bit more pronounced at TEK than at Fluke. But I think as we look at that, we're optimistic that, that inventory dynamic won't continue -- can't continue for too long given the POS that we've seen. And having been in China earlier in the month, I think the team is certainly mindful that we've seen the sequential slowing. They seem to be I think optimistic both at Fluke and at TEK that we'd see a sequential strengthening as we move forward from here.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes, just to add to there, I mean the backlog position at comms is significantly up from a year ago. They had a very strong bookings year and as we get into 2012, obviously, take a lot of confidence from that here at the outset.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that it's clearly, Scott, a multi-year effort. But when we talk about I think the progress that we're making at Beckman, and there's a lot of progress, I'll just highlight a couple of examples, we would attribute it to DBS. I think if you look at just the performance thus far, right, we're pretty much kind of as expected with respect to the top line. You clearly know that we've accelerated on the cost side of things. I think that, that discipline around top line execution, working the sales funnels in the developed markets in Asia, a large part of that comes as a result of DBS. Clearly, on the OP front, right, continue to drive sequential performance with respect to the margins, that traction that we've got around just maintaining a tighter level of spend in some of the G&A buckets, obviously, some of the headcount adjustments, all signs of early progress and to think that we're a couple of years ahead here on the cost out, I think is a large -- in large part a function of all the various tenants of the Danaher Business System being deployed. But it's just not that, right, and we talked about quality, I think that there is no small contribution being made as we resolved the sodium and glucose issues in the way that we have put in a level of rigor, a level of discipline around some of those issues. We've talked about troponin. We're working that effort with respect to the first quarter submission. I think that team, in that case, obviously, an important task, making some good progress. Probably we're slower there than we would have anticipated, which might impact the timing there. But again, I think using some of the process tools to help tackle a rather complex project. Our new product launches as well, I think important evidence, that DBS is helping on the quality front whether it be the approvals that they were able to get through at FDA in 2011, which was 2x what we did in 2010, let alone the completion of the new 5800 approval. And even with respect to the warning letter we got at Brea. We got some good news very recently relative to our reinspection where the FDA came in and as a result of the work that team has done again, using many of the process tools that we have in place or are introducing at Beckman in addition to their quality system, we ended up with no 483 observations, which is obviously very encouraging testament to the hard work that team is doing, but I think also signs of some of the early evidence or some of the early efforts with respect to DBS is impacting the way the business is operating on a day-to-day basis. We have a lot work to do, Scott. But whether you talk about performance, quality, even some of the growth -- some of the other growth efforts here, I think we're encouraged.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. I would say we aren't quite ready to change our outlook here a month or so since we were together in New York. Obviously, I think we were very encouraged by what we saw in December in terms of the way it played out, particularly here in the U.S. We probably haven't had this big a spread between the U.S. and Europe in some time, and that was really more a function I think of U.S. strength than European weakness. I think that said, just given all the headlines out there and maybe to a degree given the surprising level of strength at the end of the year, I think we're going to watch this very carefully. I think when you come to a year end like that, you can ask yourself how much of that was real versus budget flushing or any other year-end stimulation that might not carry forward. I think thus far in January, things are fairly well in line with our expectations. But with respect to SCIEX or Life Sciences more broadly, I don't think that, that strong finish would have us taking up just yet our outlook for 2012. Now I have been encouraged, had the opportunity here in January to be on the ground in China, in India and in the Gulf, I think the mindsets there are by and large pretty positive for the year. I think they're, particularly in China, mindful of some of the sequential slowing that they're wrestling with. But by and large, it certainly was an upbeat mood in all 3 parts of the world as we look at this year, and this will clearly be the geographies that drive much of our growth in 2012.
H. Lawrence Culp: Terry, I'd say of for the quarter and frankly for the year, we don't expect any of the segments to be down. I would say that in the quarter, the instruments business at TEK and motion, probably going to be down, call it mid-singles in the quarter. And part of that I think is the way they finished, part of it's that frankly it's the fact that they've got some very tough comps here in the first quarter. You'll recall that motion was up 22% a year ago in the first quarter. I think TEK was up about 14%. So I think we're mindful for that, but again don't expect any of those businesses, let alone the segments to be down for the year. We're going to watch TEK carefully. I guess there's a possibility they could be flat for the year, but probably too early to call that definitively.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that's -- I think cutting it by end market, Jon, is hard right now. Again, I think in part given the outlook around some of the governmental roles here and certainly some -- maybe perhaps some of the uncertainty around pharma. I think we were pleased with the way virtually all of the end markets really ran through at a good clip at year's end. But I don't think that we would -- we're clearly not banking on anything that's government-funded being particularly robust, maybe with a couple of exceptions given what we suspect will happen in China and perhaps in Germany. I think we always watch the pharma end market with some -- with a conservative posture just given some of the issues that are going through the resets of R&D spend and R&D operations at least with big pharma. But by and large, I think that's probably how we would characterize the landscape here at the end of January.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think we've actually been quite encouraged, Jon, by the underlying metrics in the business. As you know, the core revenue performance of the business is often indicative of decisions that customers have made some time ago as opposed to what's happening here and now. I think with respect to core chemistry, maybe more a function of the launch now of the AU 5800, particularly in Europe. We're seeing our chemistry business really kind of back up on its feet. We had a significant win. In fact in the quarter, in the fourth quarter in Europe, where the 5800 was a big part of that. And that was business we weren't retaining or competing to retain. That was frankly business we've lost a couple of years ago. So I think now that we've got the 58 approved in the U.S. and we get some of the other operational issues behind us out of Mishima as you saw in December at the analyst meeting with their implementation of DBS, we're encouraged in that regard. I think more broadly, if you look at what we saw in December, really in the fourth quarter, both with respect to our retention activity as well as our competitive win rate, we were again encouraged. The growth, more room activities, the growth implementation of DBS clearly helping us just be more competitive as we get out and work to retain our install base. And in December, I think we had the best competitive win rate numbers that we've seen at least that we saw in the second half of last year. So I think the trends are certainly helpful and reinforce the work the team is doing. But we would say, it's still early and a lot of work lies ahead.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, the growth is primarily the payment, security comp at Gilbarco Veeder-Root, Jeff. We had I think really a surprisingly strong growth in all the other product lines, the core automation in the Environmental products, but that security comp, that was a tough one all year for us, was particularly onerous in the fourth quarter. And that's also part of what you see in the Environmental margins, that mix shift at Gilbarco away from payment didn't help us. Obviously, the reported margins were suppressed I guess about 20 bps or so given the restructuring. But that was a further challenge given the mix pressures at GVR.
H. Lawrence Culp: Jeff, I think you characterized what we saw pretty well. I think across a portfolio like ours, you don't necessarily anticipate customer behavior being similar business to business to business. But we did see just a cross-section of our channel partners take a fairly conservative posture on inventory despite POS in many instances being good. So I think you put your finger on it. I think with respect to where we sell on a direct basis, we're still kind of piecing together what we saw and what it means for the first quarter here, but there probably was some of that. It's hard to kind of pinpoint it. But the fourth quarter, again, particularly in the U.S., December, all the more, was quite strong and it's quite strong all the way to the end. So it's hard to discount the possibility there was some of that in there, which again I think back to one of the earlier questions of why we're not trying to get too far ahead of ourselves here early in 2012.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think the process of going through the recertification, as we've described before, is it's complex and we're working very closely with the agency to make sure that we have a regimen in place that satisfies their objectives as well as ours. And that's just a big, complex project. Again, I think the team is making good progress here, but at this juncture maybe a little slower in some cases than anticipated. And that's the nature of that type of work. But again, I think all in all, the balance of progress that we made on the regulatory front is very encouraging, and on that front, I think we knew those were risks that would have to be well managed at the outset with Beckman. And I'm very pleased not only in terms, if you will, the Danaher contribution, but the very strong effort on the part of the Beckman leadership and the Beckman teams that have been involved in that work.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that probably it's too early to declare that we're through it. I think our partners are, like everyone else, trying to sort out what sort of start to the year we're going to see and have come into the year, I think, conservatively positioned. But again, I think we saw that play across the portfolio in the quarter in a whole host of different places. It was clearly, I think almost in defiance of what we're seeing with respect to POS in the U.S. and even in Europe. Obviously, we did see slowing in China. I mentioned some of the credit contraction that we saw. I can't think of an example, Nigel, where we had distributors who were having credit issues -- at least, situations where that was flagged in the U.S. or in Europe in the way that it was in some of the emerging markets, particularly in China. So I think we're optimistic that this does have a short life to it, but ultimately those inventory positions will be a function of sell-out. We'll see how that plays out here in the first couple of months to 2012.
H. Lawrence Culp: No. No, I think we're just suggesting that we've got a major project that is experiencing some good encouraging progress. But again, kind of slower than we originally anticipated. So we'll keep you posted, but that's kind of what we know today.
H. Lawrence Culp: I've said what I've said. And again, it's one part of the puzzle. It's not a part that in any ways material financially here in 2012. We've said that I think from the outset. So that's kind of what we know today.
H. Lawrence Culp: Steve, I think somebody earlier suggested we were conservative. We take that as high praise. And I think when we have the opportunity to share with you what we're doing with respect to investments, we'll do that. But I think when we're talking about large and perhaps above-average risky efforts, I think we're going to be keen not to put ourselves in a box with respect to the timetables because things happen. I don't think our teams are well served by that. Frankly, I'm not convinced investors are well served either. So in this instance, we start from a blank piece of paper maybe unlike some of the other situations, and we'll keep you posted certainly as we get closer to submissions and launches. We'll let everybody know. But I think right now, we simply want to share with folks that this is a serious undertaking on the part of the company. We've removed a lot of costs at Beckman Coulter, but have done nothing to diminish or undermine our support for the molecular effort there. And obviously, we do that with an eye toward a healthy meaningful return. But at this juncture, that's probably the extent of what we're comfortable sharing publicly.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. I think what we were saying, John, was that we would expect the emerging markets to lead the developed markets again here in 2012. Certainly, if you look at the fourth quarter, China was not kind of at the top of the league table there. In fact, I think we saw our best growth in India, where we were up I think over 30% in the fourth quarter. I think with respect to the businesses in country, certainly Life Sciences & Diagnostics is the business that is exceptionally well positioned both given the clinical build-out and the research mandates coming down from the government. That's all part I think of the 12 5-year plan here we're well positioned and I saw I think a good reinforcement of that on this trip a few weeks back. I think with respect to the T&M business, again we talked earlier to some of the channel dynamics, some of the sequential slowing in TEK, but again I think the team there feels optimistic that we'll see improvement sequentially as we go through the year. In Environmental, we clearly have been wrestling with some of these municipal water projects. I think it was encouraged to see, John, that we had double-digit increase in our sales funnels at Hach Lange here early in the year compared to where we were a year ago. That bodes well. But as we learned in last year, getting those projects out of the funnel and into the order book is really a function of how funds are released by the government. And again while I think our teams are optimistic, we'll -- I suspect we'll need a little bit more time here to actually see that play out in that regard. Industrial is kind of a mixed story. The Product Identification businesses have done pretty well there and continue to do so. But our automation businesses have clearly been hit by some of the slowing build levels broadly in industrial automation, but also particularly in some of the green TEK applications, i.e., solar where they were well positioned. Dental is frankly too modest a base to talk about, but we were up significantly last year, and the team is well positioned to be up significantly again this year. The base is so modest there, and frankly they don't even care about market growth. They can just go out and compete for their fair share of the existing market. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of a run around China given what we know here in January.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, John, I think the short answer, if you'll allow me, is that the baselines that we established once we were in control mid-year last year really give us the best space for an apples-to-apples comparison in that regard. And again, I think if we look just at, I guess, 6 months the sequential data both with respect to retention vis-à-vis the install base and wins vis-à-vis competition, we've been heartened by the stability and some of the recent upticks in that regard. We could debate whether 6 months is an ample sample set or not, but that's what we have, and we'll continue to work that rest assured. I think that there's also frankly 2 other elements that have been part or at least can be part of the Beckman growth curve. One is a more aggressive globalization of that business. And as you know better than most, and probably a step-up in expectations in Life Sciences. That hasn't been a business that has grown for Beckman in the last several years, but there's no reason that they can't grow and certainly grow in line with the rest of the Life Science portfolio at Danaher. But we're going to push those efforts aggressively. Obviously, innovation plays an important part as we look forward to getting Beckman through the current phase that they're in and get them back fully up on their feet competing in the market and contributing to our growth and our earnings flow.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that, Deane, we would agree with you, this is a tremendous breakthrough opportunity in the water space. We obviously feel that with Trojan we're very well positioned. I think that we want to respect the customer confidentiality at this point and limit our disclosure to what we've said. But we're obviously encouraged because, as you know, adoption here has to start somewhere. And to be able to take the product that Marv showed many of you there at the meeting in December and now have customers beginning to write orders is very helpful to send a signal to rest of the market that Trojan's a key partner here. I think it's hard with respect to the technology to suggest that the solution that we have today is the solution that's going to exist for all-time and innovation here won't sit still. And I think as you saw, the footprint, the overall efficiency, let alone the efficacy of the product that we have at Trojan is very compelling. And as the global agreements get set, as these fleet operators begin to look at not only new installs but retrofits relative to their compliance program, we expect it to be a very significant contribution to Trojan and the water group going forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: That's right. But I think any good operator is going to look at the trend here and recognize that they are well served to anticipate what is highly likely now as they think through again both new construction outfitting as well as their retrofit maintenance schedules.
Daniel L. Comas: Scott, in terms of the book to bill, we were north of one in the fourth quarter. I'm continuing to see very strong order growth at -- with our Tektronix business and the 3G LTE sort of build out. As Larry alluded to, I think we're going to face -- it will a little bit tough early in the year part given the double-digit growth we had last year. But clearly some signs out there in the sort of technology world, the PMI data, that's encouraging for that business. Now there will often tend to be a couple of quarter lag between those indicated getting a little better and us really seeing the pickup. So I think it will be a little bit slower early in the year, but there are some signs both including the order books that are encouraging as we look through the year.
Daniel L. Comas: No, I think we're very pleased with working capital performance and think about we generated $1 billion of organic revenue, and organically we didn't add $1.00 of working capital. That's really what -- that's really the power of DBS and you see that in our free flow conversion. So we had a little bit of benefit of Beckman, but still in the early days really going after that working capital, but we were very pleased across the businesses that have been with us for a long time on their performance, particularly in the fourth quarter on working capital.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, I mean we've probably added a little bit to the seasonality with Beckman. Beckman had a terrific fourth quarter, but it is also seasonally the strongest and Q1 is seasonally the weakest for Beckman. So I think you've got a -- if you look at historically, the step down is not that far out of line with what we normally see and you add to that the impact of Beckman. That probably explains most of it.
Daniel L. Comas: It's a little bit hard to make a broad read. But we were encouraged by the real step-up in bolt-on activity that happened in the latter part of the year and the amount of deals that we closed at the end of the year. I wouldn't quite yet extrapolate that to the more mid- and larger-size deals, but I think an encouraging sign. Because even on bolt-on 12 months ago, they were pricier.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, if you've kind of backed out the onetime noncash charges at Beckman and kind of used a more typical fourth quarter restructuring as opposed to the $120 million we spent, that would have been about 51% versus the reported 49%.
Daniel L. Comas: It was about -- we talked about over 200 basis point impact in IT and over 400 in Dental. It was about more like a 100 basis point or more like a 50 basis point impact in the other segments.
