H. Lawrence Culp: Scott, I would say that operationally, this is really more of the same, consistent with the path we've been on in this slower-growth macro environment that we're operating in today. And frankly, I think we see ourselves working through going forward. So there's no macro call here to suggest we see an inflection point relative to things getting materially better. And hence, we want to be ready for that. I think that as we've seen through the first half of this year, we've been well served, having in the past positioned ourselves not only with the step-up in R&D to drive new product launches, but also our step-up particularly in the high-growth markets to go grab market share where we can. And in turn, to make sure we're being smart about our cost structure, we can make those investments and drive the margin expansion and the earnings growth that you've seen. So what we're really talking about here in terms of taking the beat and putting it back into the business, if you will, in the second half is really a combination of stepping up those growth investments, both in R&D and sales and marketing, as well as in those productivity efforts that you've typically seen us put through in the second half. And we flagged last year on that point or the end of last year that we probably had dialed in about $70 million this year in the back half to do that. We're going to step that up here, certainly as we look to the second half. But again, it's really a balanced approach to make sure we're making the investments for share gains and margin expansion as we work our way through the second half of this year.
H. Lawrence Culp: And Scott, to the structural question, I would just add, I think Dan's spot-on there, that if you were in the sessions with us as we talked to the businesses, the tone is really fundamentally an offensive one. We see opportunities to do things no one else does. We see opportunities to help a customer in a way that maybe we uniquely can. And that really drives the agenda, the budget in any step-up that you see. There's really not a lot of examples, where we're sitting there, saying, "Gosh, there's catch-up to be made, a tax, as you say, to be paid." So I think that qualitatively, combined with the quantitative market share impact that we're seeing, suggests these are good investments for us. But we'll continue to be prudent to make sure we're getting those returns as we put this additional money in.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. That's what I was trying to suggest in response to Scott's question, Steve. So we're stepping up both the growth investments and the productivity moves.
H. Lawrence Culp: I mean, I think we flagged that both at Fluke and in Motion. I'm not sure we're ready to extrapolate too much from that at least at this point. I think we were encouraged to see Fluke improve sequentially in that regard. But I think we need to see this play out for another quarter or so to think we've got legs there. There was some inventory movement at Motion, which is part of what we saw there. But again, I think it's early signs, but we'll see how the third quarter plays out.
H. Lawrence Culp: No. I think, clearly, sequentially things improved, but we are still negative from a core perspective. I think we've got the potential to be positive in the second half in large part because of the comps. But as you know, I mean, one geography in particular that we're watching closely, particularly in T&M, on the instrument side is China. China has been a real struggle, particularly as the export base has struggled there. The comps help us probably more than necessarily the underlying demand does. But I think that combination should help us get positive there in the second half but not wildly or overly so.
H. Lawrence Culp: Nigel, it's really not any one thing. But I think the program that we've been working to improve our retention and win rates in North America, I think, our step-up in terms of the investments in the high-growth markets, which really have been driving most of the growth at Beckman. And certainly, as we fix the quality issues, witness troponin and others, but also bring on some additional new products, every little bit helps, right? So to see a mid-single-digit quarter here isn't necessarily in any way a declaration of victory. But having been out there here in the last couple of weeks, I just think we've got a lot of progress and momentum building in the commercial execution and new product development, which bodes well for the business. But again, as you've heard me say, there's still a lot of work to do, but we're highly confident we're going to continue to improve Beckman and make that as good as any Danaher business that we have.
H. Lawrence Culp: Steve, it's really a combination of 2 things. One, as we noted, instruments is down, instruments is the higher-margin piece of that segment so that hurts. And communications is an area, where we are stepping up our growth investments. Clearly, not the best growth quarter they've ever registered. But as you know, probably one of our best growth businesses here in the last couple of years with a tremendous amount of runway, given their focus in mobility, their opportunities in security, and certainly, building up more of a position with the enterprise customer base. So it's really the instruments volume and the R&D step-up, really the OpEx step-up and comms which create that pinch.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I don't think we've really seen a change, Steve, in the last 90 days. I think we're encouraged and fundamentally optimistic about our ability to deploy the capacity that we have, the $8 billion or so that you heard us talk about in terms of the next couple of years. And clearly, valuations are up. That means we can't buy every company we might want to buy, but that's never our MO, right? We're looking for great fits where we can add value, where we can generate a return for our shareholders. And the silver lining in an environment like this, particularly for a strategic, well-capitalized buyer like ourselves, is you can have high-quality conversations with high-quality companies. We're doing just that. So we continue to, I think, have that level of optimism of confidence that we will smartly deploy that capital to help build out the businesses as we move forward here. But again, not a dramatic sea change 90 days on.
H. Lawrence Culp: In terms of what we're talking about for the second half, there are real increases both in R&D and some on the sales and marketing side. We've mentioned the high-growth markets. You flagged some of the marketing initiatives there as well, Jeff, fortunately saw in Wood Dale. It's really a step-up. Because as we go through the year, we obviously are reading and reacting. We're learning, we're developing skills. And we don't want to be too static in those growth investments. So we really -- when you hear us talk about dynamic resource allocation, we're really trying in real time to fund the opportunities as quickly as we can as opposed to being slaved to an annual budget.
H. Lawrence Culp: Right. Well, there's no question, Jeff, there's an easier comp in the third. I think what we're trying to share with you today is in essence what we're seeing customers and markets saying and doing today, right? So as we work through what's happening at point of sales, we talk to our distribution partners. As we go through our sales pipelines with our direct business, as we take a pulse of both the headwinds and the tailwinds out there externally, I think we come up with a top line figure that suggests that on a core basis, we're likely to be in that 2% to 3% range here in the third quarter. It's really as simple and as straightforward as that.
H. Lawrence Culp: There's probably, call it, 400 or 500 basis points of core revenue headwind within Motion as a result of that, I think, appropriate and smart transitioning out of some of that lower-margin business. So we take the core revenue hit, but you clearly see the resilience of those Motion revenues as the positive offset, a trade we'll take any day.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. I think in terms of the control issue for the broader audience, we have seen in the U.S. some policy guidance changes, which has negatively impacted some of our underlying volume in the business. I think that is modest and kind of working its way through the business. Our European distribution change there continues. But I think we certainly had a better quarter in that regard than we did in the first and continue to believe strategically that we're heading in the right direction and financially we should see less headwind as a result. And you mentioned competition. I have no idea who you're thinking of there, Jon, but we haven't really seen any material competitive pressure change here of late and continue to believe that, particularly in advanced staining, we saw very strong underlying growth vis-à-vis the market.
H. Lawrence Culp: And that comp is really focused, I think, in the U.S. and to a degree, in Europe. We're pleased with the China growth that we saw for now 2 quarters here coming in no small part from the muni side, which had been a bit more sluggish for us over the last couple of years.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I mean, T&M book-to-bill was flat. I think as we look at Tek for the second half and really instruments more broadly, I think we have the opportunity to grow, call it, low singles, if all goes well. China is really important. China is important both at Tek and at Fluke. And as I mentioned earlier, we've seen softness, prolonged softness both with the export base, which we largely serve at Tek, and frankly in a host of other verticals that deal with domestic infrastructure, principally at Fluke. But as we have gone through those reviews recently with the teams, again in part due to the comps, in part because some of our own execution opportunities, we think we can go positive here in the second half and we're going to be working hard to do that. But China will be an important swing factor for that instruments platform, no doubt.
H. Lawrence Culp: Isaac, I admittedly can't give you a figure as to our diagnostics customers, our Chinese diagnostics customers' utilization of our installed base over there. But I would say, as you might anticipate, it's higher, closer to the coast. Those new installs that have gone in are ramping. But there's probably very few places outside of the major coastal cities where our installed base is anywhere close to capacity. So we're proud to be part of this health care initiative in China. And certainly, as that installed base is utilized more actively in the delivery of enhanced care, that will be good for those patients and it will be good business for us.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I -- those are 2 different questions, John. I think it's kicking in now that we have that 510(k) approval. And frankly, it's kicking in not only in terms of the resumption of being able to sell that product, but it's another box that's checked in terms of the commitments we made to not only our regulators, but our customers, which helps the overall business. I think we've tried to downplay the specific quantitative financial impact, John, of getting those assays back on the market just because largely I think that was overdone. I think this was more a reputational issue. And as we've gone through this hoop and others, I think people understand that we're getting Beckman back in the shape that it once was in and will be again. And that helps us with retention, that helps us with new customer wins, not only here in the U.S., where this issue was most acute, but more broadly as well.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think strategically, John, as you rightly point out, and you know this as well as anyone, what we try to do is build on our China-first strategy the last couple of years and taking the successes we've had and learnings we've taken to all the other high-growth regions of the world. I think the evidence that we're having good traction in that regard for all the examples peppered through our prepared remarks in terms of the successes we're having in the Middle East, what we're seeing in Brazil, Eastern Europe, right on down the line. India has been a little softer for us this year, to be sure. Latin America, in part because of a couple of tough comps, was tough in the second quarter. But that basket, which is no longer a China-only basket, was up, what, high singles here. I think we're mindful of the headlines relative to that basket as we think about the second half. I think that's part of our conservative posture on the macro. But strategically, you hit the point. These markets may slow in their overall growth, but they're still going to be the best game in town and the penetration levels of most of our products in these parts of the world are still pretty modest. So you pick your market, take 200, take 500 basis points of growth off the top, yes, that will define how much investment monies we have to put into play. But that underlying growth, our penetration opportunities to grow in excess of those market rates still makes those spaces, those places incredibly important targets for us. And that's the way we're operating.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think that what we've done here, Deane, with the update on guidance is really stay true to that midpoint mindset that you heard me express back on the first quarter call. So being at the halfway point here, have a little bit more clarity as to the puts and takes, it doesn't really change our outlook materially in that regard and we thought we can tighten up the guidance accordingly. I really think it's that simple. In terms of the core outlook, I think we're looking at a low single-digit environment here in the second half. We've quantified that as 2% to 3% as best we can figure here for the third quarter. But in essence, I think what we saw in the second quarter is on balance likely what we're dealing with here in the second half. We wish it were otherwise, but it is what it is and we're going to outperform accordingly.
Daniel L. Comas: Scott, it's Dan. As we look back at Q2, we really saw the benefit across a number of the businesses in the step-up in R&D. So we talked about Hach, Gilbarco, PID, all businesses where we think we took share in the quarter. Their new product revenues improved sequentially 50% Q1 to Q2. And we think that was a big driver of the share gains. So I think we are seeing -- we're not seeing it everywhere, but some of this targeted step-up we've made in R&D, we are seeing the payback for that. And I think as long as we continue to see that and we're taking share, our bias would be to spend more.
Daniel L. Comas: Yes. So we were down -- I mean, last year, we were down about $140 million Q2 to Q3. We probably have become a little bit more seasonal, a little weaker in Q3 given some of the acquisitions we've done over the last couple of years. I don't think we'll be down $140 million sequentially, but maybe we're down, call it, $100 million.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, I think part of the history is a number of years where we've done Q2 acquisitions. So the organic decline we've had historically over the last 5 years, Q2 to Q3 is larger than our printed numbers as an acquisition element. So the seasonality was more severe last year but not -- less out of line than the numbers would suggest because of M&A.
Daniel L. Comas: Nigel, I think we're still a little fluid in that regard. As Larry highlighted, we talked about $70 million in our plan in the second half. That will be more fourth quarter than the third quarter, that's pretty typical. But we're going to spend more than that $70 million here. And we're still sort of figuring that out. We're trying to embed that in our guidance.
Daniel L. Comas: Yes. Well, it tends to be more Q4-focused, yes. There'll be some in Q3, but it will be more biased to Q4.
Daniel L. Comas: Nigel, I think we're still working with a low single-digit focus in the second half here but clearly, a little bit more encouraged given what we've seen not only the numbers we printed, but just the general tone of the business.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, we're right on track, probably the revenue is a little better. Margins are ahead of where we thought they would be. We thought we'd have $250 million of costs by the end of this year. We're north of $300 million. So a little ahead of the margins and a little bit ahead on the revenue line as well.
Daniel L. Comas: No, we would not be. So if it was $10 million, $15 million more, we wouldn't be talking about it. So maybe it's in that $90 million, $100 million range.
Daniel L. Comas: Yes, Jon. I think it's hard not to be a little bit cautious on that front, just the number of quarters we put back-to-back-to-back was 20%. And China is not [ph] part of the high-growth market. So we think they'll continue to be very good. Could there be some tempering? I think that's a possibility. And while Europe and the U.S. were down, they were down less than they were the last couple of quarters. So hopefully, we can get a little bit of improvement in the developed markets because I think there's some likelihood we'll have very good growth in the high-growth markets. But it's going to be probably hard to sustain at these levels.
Daniel L. Comas: Sure. Julian, there are probably 3 factors driving the first half cash flow being down slightly year-on-year. I'll come back to the customer deposits in the third point. One of which is just the timing of tax payments. We've had relatively higher tax payments here in the first half. That will normalize through the year. The second element is we have slightly higher inventory levels. Part of that is related to a number of new product launches. We talked about some of the benefits we're seeing at Hach, Gilbarco, Product ID. Again, we expect the inventory levels to normalize through the year. And then finally, customer deposits. Last year on some large projects, we were able to get some upfront payments. That will probably not normalize through the year so that will be a slight headwind, but these others 2 factors will help. And you should see an acceleration back to more normalized level of cash flow through the balance of the year.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, it was a little bit bifurcated. So the lower-ticket municipal spending actually got sequentially better Q1 to Q2. We're probably a little cautious of that because the governments have year ends of June 30. So we may have seen a little bit of benefit. But it's okay. It's not great, but again probably a little better than what we saw in Q1, continue to see the high ticket stuff to be challenging. And I don't think we're calling for a turn in that part of the business.
Daniel L. Comas: Julian, we were down a point or 2 in Europe, which has been comparable to maybe slightly better than what we've been seeing. We've seen a few of our businesses -- PID had a better quarter in Europe. But I'd say generally speaking, we're not seeing much of any turn here.
Daniel L. Comas: Sure. The consumables stayed right in that -- consumables and aftermarkets stayed right in that 3% to 4% range, all up. And equipment and instruments were a little better than Q1, so we were essentially flat in Q1 and we were up 1% to 2%. Again, we talked about some of that Gilbarco, some of the Life Sciences businesses benefiting to that number.
Daniel L. Comas: In the back half, we're looking at Industrial Tech to be flat to slightly down in the third quarter. The biggest driver of that would be Motion, which we expect to be down high single-digits. Most of that [indiscernible] getting out of some of this very low-margin business. And then the fourth quarter, we'd expect a sequential improvement from that.
Daniel L. Comas: John, I just probably have a top level point of view. Our prices remained about 70 basis points the last 2, 3 quarters. Again, getting it on the consumables and the aftermarket, relatively flat on the equipment, on the instruments. So part of that 100 basis points of margin improvement is the cost actions we took last year. But clearly, we're seeing some price-cost benefit right now. Not getting a lot of price, getting a little bit of price and seeing some benefit on the cost side.
Daniel L. Comas: No. I mean, we did say this started a couple of quarters ago that it got tougher to get price on equipment and instruments. And we went from maybe slightly positive to kind of flattish, slightly negative price but probably overall flattish instruments and equipments. And that has stayed relatively steady here at least through the second quarter.
