Larry Culp: Well I think, the underlying performance that you see there Scott is strong, obviously part of what works here is the comparisons, both in industrial and tools. They are easy here in the first quarter. They get tougher as the year plays out, but I think the underlying performance that you see coming from the restructuring, the cost out for most programs, the read through and turn from the incremental volume is what it is. So we are very pleased with that execution, but again we would anticipate that fall through that you see in industrial and tools and tools are like nearly a 100%, that will certainly fade as the year goes forward.
Larry Culp: No, I think as we look forward, Scott, we were felling very good about the near-term outlook here in the second quarter. I think the second quarter core growth likely to be high single, could be double-digit based on the order book that we saw in the first quarter the way, we started out here certainly T&M has been [white] hot starting that in regard. I think as we look forward through the rest of the year, particularly as we think about the second half, the comps do get tougher, you know that. China has been very strong, Dan and I were over last week, the government’s obviously trying to temper some of that growth, that’s something we need to keep in mind as we think about the rest of the year. For being a tad conservative, so be it. But I think as we look out through the second half, I would expect all things being equal right now, for our core growth to be if you will in line with what we’ve seen here in the first quarter, I think we’ll get good follow through, but again because the comps get a little tougher, we end up with the range today that we’ve highlighted.
Larry Culp: The way I think about the cost side Steve is again we think we will have positive price this year. It’s got alluded to, it will be less than it has been in the last couple of years, but I think the cost that comes back that’s frankly most material are the growth investments that we are going to make. We have said that all along as the economy permits. We certainly got off to a much better start than we anticipated here in the first quarter. We were able to put some additional moneys to work particularly in med tech and professional instrumentation and just this week we have left with additional funding again both around sales and marketing investments that are going to help us this year and the R&D and innovation programs that will help us in the out years. So that’s probably the most material incremental spend as we think about the rest of the years and how that may impact the margins in the business.
Larry Culp: Well I think it’s hard, I mean we certainly look at vitality given where we are in the cycle right now. We’re going to be up in the 30-plus percent range in that regard continuing to I think show progress. I say it’s a leading misleading to focus on that exclusively given that many of those new products go to market hand-in-hand with not only the increased investment but also the increased intensity around our go-to-market DBS tools all of which are helping us right now, not only in the emerging markets where we saw exceptional double digit growth, but in the western markets where we were up more so in the US and in Europe but where we think we are taking market good share. I think I'm very pleased Steve with the way we’re able to free money up from the re-structuring and obviously, a better topline environment right now to put more money to work in the areas where I think we are executing better than we have in sometime.
Larry Culp: I think we are benefiting from a rising tide right now. We’re taking full advantage of the market opportunities. So I would say, in term of risks, it’s probably the biggest risk, is probably the one outside of our control and that’s the macro question. I mentioned China earlier. I tend not to bet against the Chinese government to the extent that they are looking to tamper our growth there. Again, we were thrilled with that we saw. It’s an incredible start to 2010 based on our reviews last week but to the extent that, that slows a bit it will still be great growth. It will be a little less than what we’re seeing right now.
Larry Culp: We’re an outlier in that regard Bob. We saw a very good progress through the quarter again, really without exceptions both in terms of the major businesses and geographies. I think you see that, you’ve seen that obviously as you look at how we’ve adjusted guidance several times over the last three or four months. I said that just to underscore the piece that isn’t in the printed core numbers here is the big backlog build that we had in T&M. The book-to-bill there was nearly 110%, both Fluke and Tech are performing very well right now. We’re pleased with that and again, talking about [C&M] in the double digit range here in the second quarter going forward, we’re thrilled to see that sort of bounce back particularly given the road traveled in the last five or six quarters.
Larry Culp: Well, it’s hard to pinpoint share gains in the last 30 days, but we know we have been doing very well particularly with the new products in med tech and professional instrumentation. Why it got probably the highest vitality in the organization, the new digital microscope, the slide scanner that we talked about with folks in New York. Those products are going on very well, the Bond-III or the pathology customer and like the bio-systems had an exceptional first quarter. It’s a long list Bob, but I think again, what we’ve tried to do very systematically across the businesses and is make sure that we are putting in the funds to support this sort of investment level. We are up to what over 6% R&D as a percent of sales. It is higher you know lot of these med tech and instrumentation businesses. And those production is going to market both in the West and developed markets as well as an emerging markets with a full complimented DBS growth tools driving the sales in the marketing.
Larry Culp: Sure, well if you look at industrial which is obviously a combination of both motion and product ID. I think we saw in motion a very strong end user demand particularly in tech end markets and in some of the industrial automation markets and that just built through the quarter. For motion that was again a high single digit growth in the first quarter. They are going to be clearly one of our better growers as we look here in the second quarter because of the backlog bills and the capital investment progress that we see particularly in some of those end markets. So we’re pleased with that and had a big hand in that strong margin expansion in the industrial segment where we saw fall through nearly at 60%. Again, that will fade a bit as we move forward and we take advantages to some of the growth and investment opportunities in motion, but all in all, their execution it was really quite strong in the start of the year.
Larry Culp: Jeff, I think the M&A environment in our view has been good. I think things have been available for sometime obviously with the 18 deals we closed or announced last year. We are spending like $200 million already here in the first quarter on another handful of new situations. I think our M&A approach through the cycle has been pretty consistent to the bulk of what we are going to do, we are going to be the bolt-ons that strengthen our competitive positions around existing businesses. I think in a normal year, when we do a dozen deals, they are going represent half to three quarters of the deal flow. They are going to be the mid-sized transactions. Handful of those be it molecular devices, a couple of hundred million of revenue and then every year there is going to be in all likelihood a larger transaction be it AB SCIEX, be it Tektronix, be it a Sybron. I think every once in a while you could expect us to do something bigger but again I think that will be the exception as opposed to the number one priority. As you point out, if required if the opportunity presented itself, could spend more than 2 billion in a single shot. But I think if you look at our track record, while we look at a lot of things, our body work is the best indicator of the deal flow and we’re likely to present to you going forward.
Larry Culp: Yes, if something was strategically compelling, if we knew we at least had a view with conviction, if we could add value and the math work, we would take a very serious look at it. But again, I think that the way we think about our capital deployment, let alone strategy has played itself out in a very consistent way over time, I think that’s the best indicator as to what the next year or two or three is likely to look like.
Larry Culp: I would say the pick in motion Jeff has been most pronounced in the tech end markets, particularly semi.
Larry Culp: I think that there is a potential in the new structure for the venture with its own balance sheet to look at things that the business is on, we thought apparent might not have done previously, but I think if we get this venture consummated, I think the organic growth potential, the cost out synergies are going to be the higher operating priorities for that team.
Larry Culp: It’s an operating priority in many respects to the task ahead for the team is not unlike that of an acquisition, right? We have got two business coming together obviously under a different type of governance structure, but the work of putting these businesses together getting the cross branding, the cross selling underway, getting the consolidated purchasing activity underway, that clearly has to be the first order business and we have obviously talked about putting these businesses together with Cooper, this conversation that goes back nearly 10 years. I think we are really thrilled to be partnering with these guys, these are guys we know and trust. The primary motivation here is the organic agenda, both top-line and bottom-line and that’s clearly where the team need to be focused in the near term but I think there are opportunities that we could avail ourselves going forward, but that if you will John as a second step.
Larry Culp: This is R&D and then feed on the street. If you look at the cost fall through in the first quarter and you know we have obviously have the benefit, been able to strip it all that kind of acquisition. We are probably about 50% fall through and would expect that, that would sort of modulate down. We talked in December about 30, 35, my guess is the balance yield will be 35 to 40. Part of that, a piece of that is the margins comps get a little tougher, but the bigger piece of that is acceleration in investment.
Larry Culp: We have started to let some things go even in the middle of the first quarter. So we’ll see a full pretty full ramp of some of that in Q2, but that will be probably more, even more in the second half.
Larry Culp: Well I suspect, John as we’ve discussed I mean that is one of the key operating challenges on the platform in the supply chain as this rising tide courses through the business of ours and others. I think we are seeing isolated situations particularly in electronic components, where lead times are being extended which just creates a bit of a scramble. So I think being very close to certain suppliers making sure that we have our place in line if you will. It’s just a lot of hand to hand daily work which is the way we are managing through that. In a number of cases we’ve get monthly or quarterly sessions with vendors to make sure that since the operating company or Danaher at large is having its needs met obviously we need to make sure we’re calibrating the forecast with them vis-à-vis capacity in the like, but I think it’s really just a lot of daily work to make sure we have what we need to keep pace with this increase in demand.
Larry Culp: I think, by and large, but again we buy tens of thousands of components. In some cases and situations we will have to add or switch vendors. So I think by and large our preference and our practice is to work with the existing vendors, they’ve obviously been through rather rigorous qualifications with respect to quality and capacity, obviously price as well.
Larry Culp: It’s primarily because the Congress, the R&E tax credits has not been put back in and a lot of people think it will be sometime this year which would probably bring the rate back down a little bit, but that’s the biggest driver.
Larry Culp: I think we are getting a little bit of stimulus benefit. interestingly it is I think primarily out of Asia, China and Japan as opposed to the US right now and you are right it’s principally in med tech and Leica. The restocking I don’t think is driving a lot of this upside, I am sure there is some of it in particular distributors and in certain OEM situations, but by and large as we look at sell through and where we see demand on a direct basis, this is reporting very health conditions. So really again attribute, the vast majority of what we are seeing right now and certainly the basis score, the high double digit outlook for the second quarter to end user demand.
Larry Culp: For Danaher at large, it’s slightly less and I think you are going to appreciate, that’s not a number I think we try to get out there with regularity, but I think it’s important to understand what’s happening in T&M right now. We had significant backlog build, again very strong order books and we talk about double digit growth there starting in the second quarter, is largely on the back of this very robust order book of late, again broadly based in TNM. We are going to make sure people understand the first quarter and the outlook in that context.
Larry Culp: No, I don’t have a number handy, but even with a pretty high organic growth, we kept R&D constant with a percentage of sales versus last year, but we’re ramping that up and we would expect that to continue to ramp that up, but we’re probably north of 6% for the year. That’s with obviously good core revenue growth.
Larry Culp: Well, given the news this morning, when you get double digit returns on Greek bonds with the Euro down, I think it’s 132, 133 this morning. FX is probably neutral to revenues in Q2 and probably negative two to 4% in the second half, but clearly some headwinds there, also we had enough other good things going on.
Larry Culp: I think if you look at the first quarter, we saw that obviously the emerging market led by China was up double digit. North America was up threeish percent. Europe was positive but very modestly so. As we look forward, I think the emerging markets are good here in the second quarter. We might see a bit of a tail given China, but that is definitely going to lead the way. I think US could stay in this range get a little bit better I think Europe’s a bit of wild card frankly, and we would like to hope Europe does better than slightly positive but as Dan just alluded in that last answer, number of dynamics going on over there right now. I think Steve I think we feel good about the macro backdrop in the second quarter and don’t have major concerns about the second half.
Larry Culp: I mean the best way to be to look at some examples you know the only thing we are calling out this year is [indiscernible] transactions which are combined at the loss of a $1 billion. The other deals that we’ve done you know PaloDEx that were $200 million and some of the other deals in that size range you know we’ve not called out, no. So that would be as good a frame as that is we would have right now Steve.
Larry Culp: I think even if they maintain that cliff, I think they don’t get that high that quickly. Given the growth for seeing everywhere else, but we have to take out some of the math.
Larry Culp: Well despite the greater than 25% growth in China that we saw in the first quarter, they didn’t win the growth challenge in the quarter. The Indian team did. They did better albeit of a smaller base. We were on the phone in fact just yesterday with that team. I think the play work we are trying to run there is, is very similar, largely organic opportunity. But one we are frankly across all of our growth platforms particularly in med tech environmental, certainly in TNM and product ID as well, just a wealth of opportunity and we are trying to make sure that we are investing as aggressively and as smartly as we can there. We’d like to find the inorganic opportunities like the L&T situations, there are some, but anything much like we built this billion plus, billion dollars business in China, it will wisely be on the back of the organic play. Interestingly, SCIEX comes in, given their strong position with the pharmaceutical companies and other life science researches in India. They represent our -- one of our bigger footprints in India straightaway. That’s going to be helpful, not only as we help them accelerate their own growth as we will the rest of SCIEX. But I think that will have still a benefit for the rest of the group particularly as we think about Leica, Molecular Devices and some of the other lines there.
Larry Culp: If you look at industrial, we would certainly look to see both motion and [PID] in the high single digit range for the year. So I think they are off to a good start in building backlog.
Larry Culp: No, I think we are going to high single possible, double digit in the second quarter. I think that at this point we characterize the second half is likely to be in line with what we have seen here in the first quarter which is the 5.5%. Obviously if we continue to see the conditions that we have seen here recently even with the tougher comp in the second half, it could play out more favorably, but right now. I think that’s what we’re going to go with.
Larry Culp: Sure. I think at med tech as we look at the core and obviously excludes the new businesses which by the way you are doing nicely, the integration is proceeding very well. I think med tech is likely to be up mid singles in the second quarter. I suspect we’ll see life sciences and diagnostics do better than dental. The consumables business has been a little sluggish here domestically, but the equipment business globally, has started, has bounced back a little bit better than we would have anticipated. But nonetheless, when you compare the two, I think Leica and radiometer are going to outpace cable and Sybron, but all will be positive. And with the product launches we’ve got in Sybron forthcoming, we could do a little bit better perhaps than we have done here right now.
Larry Culp: Sure, I think some of those data points Terry maybe molecular devices as opposed to SCIEX, but nonetheless I think just the update on the transactions is again the integration is going very well. I think we are very pleased with the way the team has embraced the new structure and certainly DBS, I want to underscore that SCIEX and molecular devices are two different businesses. And part of that kind of needed molecular devices so far is that we have kind of gotten them back to their independent status, reminiscent of what we did back in ‘02 is with Videojet and Gilbarco, the molecular science back on the door, we put in a dedicated full time President that is quickly becoming a very focused team and they are jazzed about their opportunities as we are. Obviously at SCIEX we are excited about the new product pipeline, we will have some news in the next month at the ASMS show. Eksigent, the bolt-on obviously very important force on the LT side. And keep in mind that there is another transaction the mix here that’s the Genetics deal that they would like a bid. Number of cross connections probably more than we even realized early on between Leica, Mole Dev and Genetics which we think will be interesting both on the academic and on the drug discovery side in time. In terms of margin expectations these are a 50% plus gross margin businesses Terry. So, I think as we do our normal drill 15% to 20% operating margins that’s the zone they are going to be in and obviously as you get towards the higher end of that we are going to look to make sure we are making the right decisions between margin expansion and growth investments. With those sorts of gross margins as you’ve seen it do elsewhere, the operating margins should be very healthy and the cash gen should be strong.
Larry Culp: That’s where we are heading. Next year’s is a push, but we will be making a lot of progress here, this year, next year going forward in that very direction.
Dan Comas: If you look at industrial pack about 19%, I don’t think we are going to get higher than that during the year in part because of some of the investments that we are accelerating but you know something in the high teens is something we believe we can sustain in that segment.
Dan Comas: They had about mid teen margins, Bob and that was really encouraging because that’s where they got to right before the downturn, so to come out and get right back there was very encouraging. As Larry mentioned we will be accelerating some investments there but we think we can sort of sustain in the mid teens for the balance of the year.
Dan Comas: And I am assuming this is also proportionately to the back half right versus the second quarter like I assume that this is going to take a little bit of time to implement.
Dan Comas: And we will give out the deals, Steve. I mean rest assured we will tell you what our intent in that regard is.
Dan Comas: I mean both of those segments had north of a 100 basis points of core margin improvement and both of their fall through, when you strip out the acquisition, but including the growth investments, they were both in the 35 to 40% range.
Dan Comas: Most notably motion, we have given the order book the backlog despite the roughly 10% organic growth, that I wish you get better here in the next in Q2.
Dan Comas: They are below that, when we announced that not much has changed, SCIEX was double digit, Mole Dev was actually loosing money as already seem to have turned, so we are starting to build sort of bases, but ramping up.
