Thomas Patrick Joyce: Thanks, Nigel, good morning. Overall, we have seen some incremental slowing in the macro. That being said, it's in pockets. There's some pockets regionally where we've seen some of that slowing, clearly, and in some of the more industrially oriented markets. We saw that in September. But I would not say we've seen some form of a step change in demand across the portfolio. In fact, we think generally, the portfolio is very well positioned, it clearly differentiates us. And generally we think, when you look at the strength of the portfolio, when you look at the fact that we got the Pall closing done and we're getting after the opportunities that we have there, and we see the year-over-year FX impacts potentially dissipating as we move forward, clearly some weakening, but my inclination is continue to play offense. We need to continue to be cognizant of both the headlines and our trend lines, but our bias is to build on our strengths and despite some slowing here, we think the fourth quarter could largely be consistent on a days adjusted basis, anyway, with what we've seen here in the late going in September.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Back in December, we laid out sort of the view of the year, and I think what's a little bit different this year is that – and in line with that guidance, by the way, we've done some things along the way. We haven't simply sat back and taken stock of things here in the fourth quarter, but instead, I think we've been better at having each of our businesses look for opportunities along the way. So we've seen some activity going on throughout each of the quarters of the year. And while as we go through the fourth quarter, we may do a little bit more than we initially anticipated. Those plans are sort of still in the works here. But we think overall, that plan will be pretty consistent, maybe a little bit higher. Obviously, there'll be some Pall contributions to that activity. But generally, we think that will set us up pretty well for 2016.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure, thanks, Steve. First of all, we're really pleased that we got the Pall closing done as we did. Terrific teamwork, I think, on the part of the Pall team as well as the Danaher team to get that done sooner than anticipated. We're off to a very good start. We have Rainer Blair, who many of you know from our Life Science business, in the leadership position over the business right now. We've added Danaher teammates to the Pall squad and teams are working well, driving both growth initiatives as well as cost initiatives. Specific to your question, Steve, on Industrial and Life Science. On Life Science, we've seen continued strength, anchored specifically in the biopharma side of the Life Science portfolio, consistent with what we've seen historically in the business and consistent with our expectations. We have seen an incremental level of weakness in the Industrial side of the house. Again, probably to be expected, given the nature of the exposure to certain end markets in Industrial business. So incremental weakening, but understandably so, given those vertical markets. Specific to the financial contributions, we will see some contribution clearly here in the fourth quarter at Pall, but obviously that will, in fact, be offset to some extent by any of the cost actions that we'll take and the investments that we'll make.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: No, but let's go a little deeper outside. First of all, on Nobel, just a quickie. We're really happy with what's going on there. The team has done an excellent job. Average daily sales rates continuing to trend very well. New product introductions coming out on schedule with a strong cadence, great acceptance in the marketplace. Good progress across various regions. So all in, we're super happy with the start there and team's doing well. But onto the core of your question, probably important to think about it in terms of the consumables side of the house versus the equipment side of the house. We saw better performance on the consumables side of the house. We've made a lot of progress, which we had talked about throughout the course of this year, on rightsizing inventories in the channel, driving some sell-out, and our performance there is really pretty good from the standpoint of what we're seeing in the sell-out data. I'd contrast that a little bit to what we've seen on the equipment side. Where on the equipment side it's the inventory rightsizing in the channel that's taken us a little bit longer than we had anticipated. So that is a bit of a headwind there. And secondly, we did see some slowdown in equipment purchases, particularly in the high growth markets, where it's a little bit more project-oriented. Now, the key thing that we look at, though, when we look through those numbers is we look at the sell-out numbers. And the sell-out numbers are – on a year-to-date basis, were in line with the market, certainly, so we think we're holding our own from a share perspective. But it's taken us a little bit longer to get where we wanted to on the equipment channel side and, again, a little high-growth market headwind.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Well, I think your question's framed in the right way, Scott. For the right strategic transaction, for the transaction, for the asset, the business that really strengthens us strategically that adds a level of competitive advantage, that provides a greater level of growth rate on a long-term basis, we would do the right thing from the standpoint of whether that's going into the markets, as we did so effectively to finance the Pall transaction, or set up the balance sheet in a way that would allow us to do that. So my comments should not mean to suggest that there's a bright line that's snapped at a certain point beyond which we wouldn't go. So it's all about the strategic value that can be created.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Julian, we've actually seen China, while slowing incrementally, it's still one of the better markets where we play today. Our growth rates continue to be very good in a number of our businesses. Specifically in our Diagnostic business, we continue to grow extremely well in China. We've seen some of the – some of the slowing that we had talked about around tenders for Life Science over a period of time, that money has freed up. Not perhaps to the same rate that we would have hoped by this point, but certainly, we're seeing a better environment for life science spending. Our Environmental businesses continue to see terrific opportunities. And so I think as we look at China, we really continue to look at a number of sectors in that market where our businesses are extremely well positioned and where the sectors themselves are really quite attractive. So, clearly, the more industrially oriented you are, the more challenging that may be, but our Environmental businesses, our Life Science Diagnostic businesses are well positioned and we still feel very good about those. I think that's probably a market, as an example, where we really plan to and my bias is to continue to play offense. We'll be selective about where those investments go and target them to the higher growth segments, but in general, we're still constructive in that market.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Hi, Ross. We continue to be bullish on those markets. Yes, obviously there's been some volatility, certainly, in those markets, certainly in terms of the way they've been trading. And of course, our exposure, as you mentioned, is largely in the Pall business as well as across our Life Science platform, and more specifically around AB SCIEX. Specifically, our pharma exposure in Life Sciences is about probably 20% or 25% of that business specifically goes into that market. In the case of Pall, specifically it's about a third of their business is bio pharma-related. The growth rates there continued to be very strong throughout the course of the quarter. These are critical applications that to some extent are a bit insulated from the core volume side of what's going on inside of those facilities. In other words, whether you're making a large volume or a small volume, you're still going to be running that equipment and consuming some of our products. On the research side, the research investments, while they're shifting around a bit, continue to be relatively good. So I think in general, we're staying the course there and we think there's still great opportunities ahead.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Thanks, Deane. So specific to municipal budgets and the overall municipal water market as a growth market, it's interesting, right, because we could talk about it as a growth market today, everything's relative. We haven't historically thought of the North American muni market as a growth market on a relative basis, but today, it really probably is. To your point, it's growing better than a lot of other markets that are much more challenged. And I think the way I would describe it, Deane, is that in contrast to probably the last three years or four years where those budgets were flat or down, largely recovering from a pretty challenging housing market in so many areas around the U.S, today, we'd say those budgets are probably growing modestly. A lot of muni budgets are probably growing maybe in the 2% or 3% range, and that's 2% or 3% better or more than what they were growing probably in the last three years or four years. So there are good opportunities there. They continue to contribute well to – certainly to Hach Lange as well as to Trojan. Specific to your question about Trojan, we have seen the bidding activity up this year and we've seen overall revenue converting that business – that bidding activity into revenue up this year as well. So probably one of the better markets where we participate today and clearly with leading positions, we believe we're gaining share in Water Quality. In the Pall business, Pall does have a position in municipal water. It is – it's not one of their larger businesses, but we believe there are opportunities there. And we have a team at Trojan as well as at Pall looking together at where there might be cooperative opportunities. It could be on certain projects or certain opportunities relative to technology where bringing filtration as well as ultraviolet treatment together may be a great opportunity for a customer. So it's early days there. We're really just getting into the 100-day strategic plans across those vertical markets, but it is a good position to start with and we'll see what we can do.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Isaac, thanks. We're continuing to make progress at Beckman. We track our customer retention and we track our win rates very closely on a month-to-month basis. We're confident as we look at the combination of retention and win rates that we're adding to our growth position as we look out into 2016 and 2017. Obviously, some of what we see in retention and adding menu to retained accounts as well as new customer accounts don't necessarily manifest themselves in the quarter in which you've won them. In fact, oftentimes, it may take six months to 12 months for those to materialize. So I think we're confident we're continuing to make progress, strengthening the portfolio through new products, continuing to see good growth in the high-growth markets. But it's a journey, we still have work to do. We're not yet at the growth rates that we would like to see relative to the peer group. You highlight them well. And – but we are making progress and we're confident in the opportunities.
Daniel L. Comas: They were all up. Pall with mid single digits, with Life Science high single to double, and Industrial slightly negative.
Daniel L. Comas: September was up about 2%, Steve. We thought it would closer to 3% and that kind of cost us 0.5 point overall in the quarter.
Daniel L. Comas: So on an adjusted basis, we would have been up low single digits, but I'll still let Tom – the question on why we were down slightly.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, two of the bigger drivers are filing with the IRS and getting a favorable ruling on key points and then, two, filing the Form 10 with the SEC and getting through that process. We're working diligently. I think there is a good chance, prior to the investor meeting, we'll have a better sense on whether or not we'll be able to try to pull this thing forward from our end of the year kind of current timeline.
Daniel L. Comas: Yes. I mean try to think through kind of a high-level example. So if you take – we've got $5 billion of revenues and 25% of that's in the high-growth markets, not all of that's in local currency, but most of it – call it $1 billion of it in local currency, that's just kind of a rough number. Through the course of Q3, if you look at the JPMorgan Index, which is they track the top 10 emerging market currencies, those depreciated 10% during the quarter, from the beginning of July to the end of September. So call that a weighted average of a 5% decline. So you have a 5% decline on $1 billion of revenues, that's $50 million of revenues that we lost that we didn't think we'd lose at the beginning of the quarter. The dynamic on the margin side is in those high-growth markets, it's primarily sales and service and marketing people. So the lower local currency maybe saved us $10 million, $15 million of SG&A expense, but very little cost of goods expense. So you lost $50 million of revenues and you probably lost $15 million, $20 million of lower operating expense from currency, so you get a transaction effect of losing $20 million, $30 million of operating profit.
Daniel L. Comas: Julian, it's clearly been a slight benefit. We continue to get about 60 basis points, 70 basis points of price largely in our consumables business. But commodities – given our gross margin profile, commodities do not play a big impact on our cost of goods sold. The one area where I would have thought we would have actually gotten more of a benefit than we have is actually on the logistics side. Clearly, fuel prices have come down, but the transport companies have been pretty sticky about reducing prices. Now, again, I think as demand gets a little weaker here, maybe that helps. So it's been a benefit to date. But just given our product make-up, it's not been – the commodity side doesn't help or hurt us as much as most industrial companies.
Daniel L. Comas: During – obviously, that was a good period for us in that 2008-2009 period, we acquired almost – brought in almost 20 companies and not surprisingly, those are among our best returns for the company. I don't think we're heading into that, but the environment's getting tougher. We talked earlier about the IPO market being tough here and I think that bodes well, I think that bodes quite well for NewCo, given the choppiness in the industrial sector, given a little less competition from private equity. We've talked about roughly 2 billion of capacity the rest of this year and into next year. But as we get towards the end of – middle, end of next year, that number's going to jump back up a lot. So we're not – Tom suggested we're not shutting down, we're still working hard looking at activities, looking at possibilities both for Danaher and at NewCo.
Daniel L. Comas: Andrew, I don't know if we're looking at a very different dynamic in Q4 of this year versus last year. We did see a spike in payables at the end of the third quarter. That sometimes happens when we have a quarter end that's in the following month. So we actually closed a quarter in October as opposed to September 29, September 30. That should normalize back in the quarter. We tend to have pretty good working capital performance as we get towards the end of the year. That should be another contributor. So I don't think – I don't see a very different frame than what we had last year. We're still working through the Pall numbers. We think there's some meaningful cash flow opportunities there, not only in the working capital side but also on the CapEx – managing CapEx a little differently there, but we'll talk about both of those more in time.
Daniel L. Comas: I don't remember. What I'm continuing to say is our expectation is 2016, we still believe it will be the end of the year but that could change, and if there is a change, it would be to the positive and we'll know more here in a couple months.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, we've publicly named Jim, obviously as the leader, but his entire L1 team with one exception has been named. They're all internal folks. And a fair number of people at the L2 level, the level below that, have also been named. So we're off to a good start on that front.
