Rainer Blair: Sure, Dan. Let's start off with Q3 one more time here. So, Q3 results were consistent with what we expected. But also I have to be clear that we have not seen an inflection in orders. And I would say that we're sort of at the bottom here, bouncing along. And to give you a sense of this quantitatively, from -- our book-to-bill was at around 0.8, which is consistent with what we've been seeing here for the last few quarters. And for Q4, we think that looks a lot like Q3 with likely similar book-to-bill. But we do continue to expect our base business through the full year for bioprocessing to be down 10%, so as expected.
Rainer Blair: Dan, I think as you look towards 2024, it's really important to understand the context here of the second half, so let me lay that out for you briefly. Once again, our Q3 exceeded expectations. Diagnostics was better than we expected, driven by strength at Beckman Diagnostics and respiratory testing at Cepheid. And bioprocessing was as expected, and we don't believe that changes here either. So, we do believe that we're at the bottom here in 2023 in bioprocessing. That's partially offset by weaker life science instruments. And as a reminder, life science instruments for us is less than 10% of our total business. So, Q3, all in, a solid outperformance in the quarter with what we think are some important markers around diagnostics, bioprocessing and life science instruments. And as you think about Q4, in there, bioprocessing and diagnostics, there's really no change to our prior expectations. We expect those to continue to perform similarly as we've talked about in the past in Q3. Now, as it relates to life science instruments, there we've seen some incremental weakness in Q3 and we would expect that to continue or step down slightly here in Q4. So, with that as a context, for the second half, there's really no change to revenue as Q3 offsets Q4. So, we're holding the full year here. And there's also no change to our bioprocessing expectations for the year, and we continue to believe that 2023 represents the bottom. Now, as it relates to 2024 and given where markets are today and the broader macro, we want to see how Q4 plays out before we provide a guide on our Q4 earnings call in January as we always do. We want to see the next couple of months here play out and then build the guide, as always, for our January earnings call.
Rainer Blair: So, I think I come back to the actual data, Vijay, that we see, which is Q3 really was very similar to Q2. The book-to-bill was the same. We saw the market develop as we had anticipated. You know from our prior call that we've been working with customers here to take some of the tension out of the system and try and ensure that as much inventory is burned off as possible here in the year. And that's why we're confident that this is the bottom. But as it relates to 2024, there's a lot of moving pieces here and it's quite hard to draw generalizations. And that's why it's so important for us also to see the data here for another quarter in Q4 before we talk about what it looks like in 2024. Now having said that, we do expect that this inventory dynamic and what's going on in China is going to also go into, if you will, impact into 2024 as well. This doesn't stop at midnight on the 31st of 2023. But we have seen a stabilization here with the last two quarters, and we want to see how Q4 develops before calling 2024 in January.
Rainer Blair: Sure, Scott, and thanks for the question. So just to the materiality of China here post Veralto, I think 12% is a good number to think about as a total revenue. And now to your point, let me take you through what we saw across the portfolio here in the third quarter. So, let's start with bioprocessing. There, we did not see a change in market demand, which has been here now for several quarters impacted by a weaker funding environment and excess capacity, and that was down 45%, as mentioned previously. Life Sciences was worse than expected on a weaker macro as well as at the margin, not to overread this, but at the margin, some of the anti-corruption initiatives in the country, which slowed down some equipment tenders, some installation of equipment at the margin. And in Diagnostics, we're seeing consistent patient volumes, and it's largely back to normal. So, we expect -- we don't expect this to change here going forward in Q4, and also expect that this is going to continue into 2024. So, we haven't seen a change in bioprocessing, Life Sciences, the worse at the margin here in Diagnostics as expected and largely back to normal.
Rainer Blair: Scott, I would tell you that we take it, as we always do, based on the end market, the asset and the financial model individually. And as we look at our funnel, which is very active, there's no doubt that some valuations still do not reflect what is a higher and likely for some time, sustained interest rate environment. When it comes down to the individual deal, we bring all aspects together and ensure that the deal model meets our expectations as well. And then, we -- as I've always said, we'll pull the trigger if all those lights flip green on end market, the actual target company, as well as the financial market -- financial model, excuse me. And then, lastly, to reiterate, we do think valuations still have some ways to go here on average in order to reflect the interest rate environment.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Mike. So, let's level set on the numbers here. Our instrument portion of our Life Science tools is less than 10% of Danaher revenue, just to put that in context properly. And as we mentioned, our Q3 performance was modestly below our expectations, with higher-end instrumentation holding up better than the less specialized solutions. Now, if you think about this by end market, academic and life science research have held up well along with the service business that's associated with these instruments. Applied markets were also resilient, led by food and environmental. And within environmental, you are aware of the PFAS testing volumes out there. But pharma and biotech took a modest step down, and that was particularly the case in the U.S. In China, we see large pharma customers also tightening their belts as it relates to capital expenditures. We were just talking about the interest rate environment, and that's playing out here as well. And in China, what we're seeing there is just the sunsetting of the subsidized loan program of the first half of the year and very high comps, as well as the lower funding that's available in the marketplace today in China. So, just to wrap in geographically, our developed markets were down largely due to the softness in pharma and biotech. And China, as we just talked about, was really related to the weaker macro, and, like I said earlier, on the margin only some anti-corruption initiatives there. So, as we wrap up there, I think we remain cautious on LS tools and expect Q4 to be down in the high singles versus -- but still at the low singles for the full year. Now, as it relates to '24, like I said, I think Q4 is a very important quarter here for all kinds of reasons. As you know, in the Life Science business, a lot happens in Q4, and it's also going to tell us a lot as we dialogue with our customers about how to view 2024, which as I mentioned, we'll talk about in January. But I do think it's fair to say that we expect a weaker pharma and biopharma end market here going into 2024.
Rainer Blair: We think China long-term continues to accrete to the fleet average from a growth perspective, Mike. The demand in China, we're just at the tip of the iceberg of the demand in China for biologic drugs. And there's no question that we're currently going through a reset that's based on many of the things that occurred during the pandemic, if you think about the funds that were spent in the Zero COVID effort over several years, if you look at how the pharmaceutical industry is playing out in China. But all those things over time moderate, and you come back to an end market which has an enormous demand of a population which has already a large and increasing middle class and is really demanding access to the most advanced medications in the world. So, we continue to see China as a opportunity here in the mid and long term, because the fundamentals are in the right place, although we are going through, if you will, a reset here with different funding sources and so forth in the short term.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Puneet. Let's start with the GLP-1, which are real and they are growing, and Danaher is represented into some extent, stacked into all of them, and we expect over time for those to contribute to our growth. Having said that, GLP-1s are a class of drugs where the intensity of the use of, if you will, the standard inputs of biologic processes, for instance, such as mAbs, and I'll come back to that part of your question in a second, is not as intense. So, you have synthetic processes for GLP-1s, you have biologic processes, and depending on how that mix develops, that also impacts the degree to which this contributes to our business. This will contribute to our business, and we think that, that provides a modest tailwind here over time. Now, as it relates to your question around Alzheimer's drugs, those are typically monoclonal antibodies, and the use of our industry's products there is far greater than, for instance, in GLP-1 processes. And as those continue to make their way through the development pipeline, through the regulators, and ultimately get reimbursed and then adopted by patients, we expect that to be a more significant tailwind certainly than GLP-1.
Rainer Blair: So, Puneet, we have yet to close on this transaction, so we won't be able to talk about the model and its contents in any detail here. But I do want to take a second to reiterate that this acquisition, if that's an entry into a really highly attractive protein consumables market, we estimate that market to be over $8 billion and growing high single digits. And very importantly, because of new detection technologies and other approaches, protein detection is now moving from research to biopharma, and we believe over time to the clinic. And so, you can see how that fits our strategy of helping to map complex diseases, accelerate drug discovery, and hopefully someday even help identify these diseases earlier in their progression. Now, this is a differentiated company with a really terrific brand and a great long-term sustainable business model. We've talked about this, but this is accretive to us in growth, in earnings and also in talent. And we're looking forward to welcoming the team here. We're still focused right now, Puneet, on closing this transaction by mid-2024.
Rainer Blair: Sure, Rachel. Starting with anti-corruption, we really do see this as a transitory effect. There were some weeks, if I can say it that way, where we saw particularly equipment tenders being postponed, delayed, as well as the installation of hardware, so larger capital equipment. But frankly, we've seen that wane here, so come back to normal, if you will, in the last couple of weeks. And that applies both to what we saw there in Life Sciences, really, at the margin, as well as what we see in Diagnostics. So, I would not view the anti-corruption initiative as a shorter or even mid-term growth headwind. Frankly, in the long term, we think this is a positive as it levels the playing field for multinationals in China.
Rainer Blair: Yeah, I mean, I think it's a good question on the $1.2 billion. I think that's probably where my baseline would be, Rachel. And I think we did a little bit better this year because we had another respiratory season that started earlier than normal, right? Just like last year, similarly, we saw sort of September and October, the ILI kind of spiked up. That is usually something in the past that we have seen more in the January-February timeframe. So if I think about the last couple years and think about that, I think $1.2 billion would be sort of where I would base it as a planning kind of purpose going forward. But we sort of typically, as we look forward from planning perspective, do that. We look at the last couple years of ILI and try and mirror that. So that's kind of where I think I'd be.
Matt McGrew: Hey, Dan, maybe just a little bit of other color, too, just to give some sense of what we saw. Orders in dollar terms were actually down a little Q3 versus Q2. And like Rainer said, the book-to-bill here has been at 0.8. It's been like that for six quarters. I think we anticipate that it will be like that in Q4 as well. And I think kind of another triangulation that I look at is kind of on a two-year stack here. Orders have been kind of, call it, down 32%, 33%, 34% here for the last three quarters. So, like Rainer said, I think we're looking at Q4, it looks a lot like Q3, but no real change here.
Matt McGrew: Yeah. I mean, I think we'll kind of give a complete update when we come out because the core growth is going to be a big driver of margins. But just on the cost action part, yeah, I think you're right. I think the way I'd probably characterize it is $350 million of one-time cost actions. We talked about $200 million in Q2 and Q3. So that would be, again, the kind of one-time cost actions. Another $150 million here in Q4, and like you said, that will roll forward and help next year. But that is sort of a net number, right, if you will. We will have other pieces, some of them pretty meaningful here that will impact margins. So think of, like I said, first core growth will have an impact. FX, as we sit here right now, is going to have an impact, and there will be some other cost headwinds. So, when we get to the guide here in January, we'll sort of take that net 150 basis points, if you will, of margin tailwind probably and see what those offsets are to end up where we are for '24. But that's $350 million is probably the right number to think about as one-timers that go away here for next year.
Matt McGrew: As far as the value-based procurement, Rachel, I think the best way to kind of think about it is I think we think it's going to be about a $50 million kind of annual headwind here for us over the next couple of years. Most of that is at Beckman Diagnostics. So I mean maybe kind of a simple math is $800 million of Beckman revenues and maybe 40% of that is sort of subject to the VBP kind of assume a 50% type price reduction there and you get to $150 million. We think that's kind of two, three year kind of run rate here. So, pretty modest and manageable for us over the period.
