Rainer Blair: In terms of the sustainability of the order book, the way we're thinking about this, and we've mentioned this at J.P. Morgan as well, is about – we're looking at a backlog here of about $1 billion coming into the first quarter and we expect the total year to have COVID-related sales of about $1.3 billion. And that's really based on the approved vaccines that we see out there in the marketplace, as well as the volumes that we see related to clinical trials as it relates to other vaccines. So, we think that we have good sustainability and strong backlog here to be able to make sure that we cover that $1.3 billion.  Additionally, and coming back to your capacity point, we have been expanding capacity continuously, even prior to the close of the transaction we had agreed with GE to continue capacity expansion. We had then, after the close, continued to invest whether that with Cytiva, Pall Biotech or elsewhere in order to make sure that we are able to meet our customers' demand, and that will continue to occur here through the year 2021 and beyond.
Rainer Blair: It's great to be able to talk about M&A here in January of 2021 having just closed the Cytiva deal. And no question, between the better performance that we've seen out of Cepheid – I'm sorry Cytiva, as well as the equity raise that we've done and the free cash flow that we've seen, we definitely see more degrees of freedom here earlier than we've had. But we still have work to do here with Cytiva, standing them up as an operating company, and we'll always be in the game, but likely more focused on smaller to mid-size deals here for now.
Rainer Blair: Our instrument placements as we think about Cepheid, we have placed now and have an installed base of over 30,000 instruments, growing that over 35% here in the year 2020. And we've been very thoughtful about the placement of those instruments.  First of all, and helping here during the pandemic and making sure we have those at the point of care where diagnostic decisions are being made and the answer has to be fast, and it has to be right, and the Cepheid GeneXpert is just a perfect solution for that.  At the same time, we've been thinking about those placements for the long-term. You may be aware that Cepheid has the largest molecular diagnostic menu in US with over 20 tests and outside of the US with over 30 tests. And so, we've placed those instruments primarily there, where we see that even in a post-COVID world, they would find great utilization based on the full testing menu.
Rainer Blair: The EAS segment has been improving sequentially here throughout 2020. And we're really pleased with the fact that water quality in particular has had positive growth, but also PID was essentially flat here in 2020 as well. And so, we see that recovery, and we will continue to see that recovery here as we go through 2021 and expect them to be in the mid-single digit range, not only as the consumables remain solid as they have been, but as those instrument placements which have been in moderating decline start picking up, as we've seen these customer projects in our funnel.
Rainer Blair: Vijay, that's right. We have seen a sequential acceleration of our more instrument-related life science businesses as labs have continued to open. They've been able to work out their social distancing protocols. They are not up to full capacity yet, but they certainly have been improving and that's given us more lab access to continue installations and of course bring the service business back online. So, that's been continuously improving and we would expect that trend to continue here in 2021.  Now, as we think about the guide here, mid-to-high teens, look, we have our base business there at mid-single digits, which is 100, 150 basis points acceleration as well as the COVID tailwind accelerating here to 1,300 basis points. So, we think we're well placed there.  And just as a reminder, we've got a couple of working days less also in the first quarter of 2021.  And then lastly, as it relates to the COVID tailwinds, keep in mind that Cepheid already last year in the first quarter had a very strong quarter as physicians were trying to rule out flu, if you will, with more flu testing in the absence of an actual COVID test.
Rainer Blair: The high volume antigen tests, you're right, we just launched that here in December. And in fact, that will be available on our installed base of about 16,000 instruments. So it is a broadly applicable test for us here in our installed base at Beckman.  Having said that, we've been very moderate in our planning assumptions here as it relates to including higher volumes of antigen test until it becomes much clear on how those will be applied here, not just under the Biden administration in the US, but throughout the world as people start setting standards as to what the test results for antigens mean from a diagnostics perspective, but also in terms of how you might think of large volume serial testing for schools opening up and other institutions.
Rainer Blair: Okay. So, that differs by geographies, particularly in the US, you are looking at 60% COVID-only and 40% of the four-in-one. In Asia, in fact, there is a real pressure for the COVID-only test as the flu is not as prevalent there and as seasonal. As you go to Europe, here we increased adoption of the four-in-one, but that's a little staggered as the improvement by country roll in.
Rainer Blair: Doug, that's exactly how we're thinking about it. We are still in the middle of the pandemic, as we all know. And while we're hopeful that things get better as the vaccines rollout and the adoption there improves, we are not expecting 2021 to be a year that is, if you will, a post-COVID herd immunity year. This is going to continue to be a transition year and probably not quite back to the pre-COVID rate.
Rainer Blair: Let's start with the first one. And as you may know, we in Q2 of last year shipped 6 million, 7 million in Q3. We were planning to ship 8 million cartridges here in Q4 and we were able to exceed that by shipping 9 million. So, as we think about our capacity improvements, which we continue to work on, we do not yet have those in place. And in view of the pretty dynamic situation, also as it relates to the actual pandemic, we think it's a good planning number to take the 9 million cartridges here per quarter for the full year. And of course, as we continue to work on, and we are working on and investing in capacity increases, we'll provide further updates.  Now in terms of the mix, I think that is a good planning assumption, the way you're thinking about that, with 60% COVID-only tests and about 40% of the four-in-one test. That's how we're thinking about it as well.
Rainer Blair: Well, when we look at that pipeline of drugs and vaccines, so therapeutics and vaccines, that are not COVID-related as well and it's chockfull, it continues to grow and that business has been very, very solid. So, there's a couple of things here, Doug. One we expect that pipeline to be very relevant to the capacity that's being traded today. In fact many of our investments are nearly pulling forward things that we had planned for several years down the road. That's kind of one point. But the second point is that, it also looks as though vaccine manufacturing will be with us for some time, not only as it relates to COVID, but as you think about the bolus of investment that is now gone into biotech companies that are looking at new vaccine technologies to get at diseases where we've yet to develop vaccines. We do see increasing number of projects there as well. So, as it relates to this incremental capacity, we feel really good about where we're positioned, got the right portfolio and we think our utilization is going to be very strong.
Rainer Blair: The way we've been thinking about these growth investments is very broad across our portfolio. We've always looked at this as an opportunity to strengthen our capabilities and exit the pandemic stronger than we entered, whether that's in businesses that are benefiting from COVID tailwinds or businesses that are not in that particular application. And so, what we do is we work together with our teams to identify where the most attractive projects are, not just on a return perspective here in the near-term, but also strategically positioning us for competitive advantage and then we will invest aggressively in those and that's been the case here for several quarters now. So, we'll continue to do that.
Rainer Blair: Jack, you are right. We have seen the capital equipment purchases picking up here. As labs open up, that's increased. And then we close very strong here. We saw that in many of those instrument type businesses in the end of Q4, with some high-single digit performance there. In fact, we continue to see that. We've pulled our businesses and customers and they're learning to work around the pandemic with the necessary social distancing measures. And we continue to see that accelerating here going into 2021 and we see that also reflected in our guide here for both Q1 as well as at a low double digits for 2021.
Rainer Blair: As we think about the bioprocess order book, recall that we had orders growth at Cytiva and Pall Biotech of over 50% here in Q4 and that was a further acceleration from what we had seen and we expect that acceleration here to continue. So, our backlog position is really strong. We entered the year with $1 billion and we are confident that that $1.3 billion of revenue are really solid.  But that also had some assumptions behind it, which is, here we are supplying the approved vaccines, as well as those that are in clinical trials. And you know we're well positioned not just on the vaccines in Project Warp Speed, but the over 400 projects that you have both vaccines and therapeutics. So, as you think about 2021, while we do expect a moderation in the second half of the year, that's entirely related to more difficult comps as opposed to a trailing off of the actual absolute demand. So, we believe that that will continue.
Rainer Blair: As you say, we did see a very nice recovery in China here, both in Q4, as well as what we're planning here going forward. So, low double-digits in China in 2020 and that's really across the businesses. So, we saw that both in our Life Science and Diagnostics businesses as well as in EAS as China has really ramped here, not just in the healthcare sort of related businesses, but also in the applied markets.  And as you look forward to 2021, starting with Q1, we expect our businesses to be over 50% in China in terms of the growth in Q1. So, really getting out of the gates there very strongly. Of course, they had a lower comparison there in Q1 of 2020.  And as we think about the full year, we really see China in the mid-teens. So very solid performance, very strong recovery after a full year, which really came in at the low-single digit. So, 2020, China low-single digit; 2021, mid-teens, speaks to a strong recovery there.
Rainer Blair: Looking to point-of-care here, and COVID testing in general to the second half, it's very hard to forecast right now how COVID testing will play out in the second half. Just because as we think about vaccines rolling out, we're already now talking about a variant, who knows how many more of those will occur. And of course, often the dialog tends to be about what's happening in the US, but, in fact, other places around the world are not vaccinating yet at that rate or even don't have vaccines yet. So, we think that that planning assumption of 9 million per quarter is a very solid planning assumption.  And then, as it relates to Cepheid in particular, at the point-of-care, you may have heard this concentric circle metaphor, but point-of-care is really at the center of that in terms of the durability of that testing for the long-term because that's where the doctors need fast turnaround time, that's where they need an accurate result because they're going to make a therapeutic decision. They're going to make a decision as to what happens next. And the outer portions of those concentric circles are the ones that have increasingly less durability as the general public becomes vaccinated and, over time, although it's going to be interesting to see whether that's achieved in the second half of the year, whether herd immunity is even relevant.  Keep in mind, herd immunity is not something that happens in a country. The whole world is a petri dish here. And if we continue to travel, interact with each other, there is a high likelihood that high testing volumes will continue for some time.
Matt McGrew: Tycho, maybe the way to think about it is that it helps to kind of sustain a similar margin profile to what we've seen before. So, maybe if you think about from a fall through perspective on the core growth here for 2021, and frankly for Q1 as well, we are sort of assuming we are going to see about a 40% or so fall through, like I said, for both Q1 and 2021.  Now, that's down slightly from what we've been seeing in the last couple of quarters. But I think we want to stay aggressive in what we've been doing on the growth investment side, one. And two, we are starting to see a little bit of inflationary pressure, particularly around freight and a little bit in the supply chain as well. And then, China also is – we've got some targeted lockdowns, as you know now. But in the fourth quarter, we really saw China sort of having inter-country, if you will, travel be pretty significant. They're moving – they're moving around quite a bit and getting back at it.  So, I think we're sort of thinking instead of maybe the levels of fall through we've seen, it might be more like 40%. But again, I think we will be able to hopefully sustain something like that, given what you talked about, which is pretty good margin profile, both those businesses that will continue to be pretty strong here next year.
Matt McGrew: I think I'd kind of go back to take your 40% VCM and the fall through and whatever revenue assumptions you sort of put in, I think the math would kind of take care itself.
Matt McGrew: Yeah. Again, if you think about the fall through at kind of 40%, there are some moving pieces here below the line, but they largely offset each other. So, I think it is pretty straightforward that whatever your revenue assumptions are going to be that that should be a pretty good way to think about. Where we land on that I think will dictate where you come out on the bottom for sure.
Matt McGrew: Yeah, just to give you a little bit of color around kind of the capacity side and maybe tying that back to how we're thinking about the sustainability of what we're seeing today, I think as Rainer said, as everything he just kind of laid out, when you think about what we've seen in the core base biopharma business, we've seen last three or four quarters here where we've got a low double-digit kind of core growth, and that's even probably a little bit above where it was a couple of years ago, given everything Rainer just said.  Now when you put on top of that what we've seen here on the vaccines and therapeutics, still lot of unknowns obviously going forward, but you're looking at, as we talked in Q2 and Q3, the order growth at Cytiva was well north of 50 and it was north of 50 again in Q4. So, I really think we've got good sustainability as we head into 2021, given the backlog, given what we saw in order growth in Cytiva in Q4 and given the base business, sort of going low-double digits.
Matt McGrew: Yeah, I just wanted to sort of address the question of what we thought they'd do from a growth perspective here in 2021. And I think we're sort of thinking that as the rebound continues a little bit with the patient volumes, we expect them to be up sort of high-single digits here for the year.
Matt McGrew: To give you some sense, Jack, on how that order book is going to flow through, we saw at Cytiva and Pall Biotech, in the second half of the year, we grew, call it, north of 35%. We've got that backlog position now. Some of what you said, some of it came in during the year and booked and shipped in the year to give us 35%, but we're going to get off to a pretty good start here at Cytiva. Q1 core growth in Cytiva is going to be probably north of 50%. So, I think we'll have a good strong start. Let's see how that order book sort of develops through the year as more vaccines and therapeutics sort of make their way through the systems to the approvals. But that's sort of how we've framed it as we stand now with kind of the $1.3 billion opportunity.
