H. Lawrence Culp: Yes, I think this -- we wouldn't isolate, Shannon, the U.S. I think it was really from a geographic perspective, both a U.S. and a Western European dynamic here. I think we've said for many years that the third quarter is often about September, certainly given the weak summer that we and others saw. That was all the more true here in the third quarter. We saw an uptick in September. We just didn't see a big enough uptick relative to expectations and again, in a real contrast, I think, to the high-growth markets where we saw that low-double digit growth. I think when you look at it from a product perspective, it's interesting because from a -- consumables were pretty much right where we thought they'd be. We thought they'd be around 4% core. They were, and again that's about 40% of our overall revenue. I think where we saw the swing was really in the bigger ticket capital purchases where, I think, we pegged the U.S. and Europe to be up slightly and it ended up in both places being down slightly. And again, as we indicated in our prepared remarks, Shannon, it was principally in Instruments, Fluke and Tek, certainly saw that in Motion where we're serving bigger ticket capital investments. At Trojan, we saw things soften and push out again kind of big ticket muni spending. And in Life Sciences, I think we saw some of the academic and government spending pressures to a degree. So we're really talking about a couple of hundred basis points of a swing there around, if you will, kind of Western market capital spend.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I would say with the new products, and particularly in Life Sciences, we really couldn't be better positioned. And I think if you look at SCIEX, for example, we continued to ramp around the new products, particularly the 6500 on the high end, the 4500 in the mid-price point range. Talked about the new confocal at Leica, the SP8. So those conversations are -- they couldn't be going better, Shannon. And I think that's why we're alluding to these shipment start-ups and these ramps around products that we really put out in the market in the first half of the year. Those, by and large, have been good conversations. I think it's more, if you will, the bread-and-butter products and programs where we've seen some of the pressure that we're alluding to, again, primarily in the U.S. and in Europe.
H. Lawrence Culp: Innovation, particularly in life science research is the -- it's the name of the game. And fortunately, I think, we're in a good position in that regard. We just got to get a little bit more time behind us to get these products ramped.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, let me break it down in terms of the top line, margins and restructuring. If we start with Life Sciences again, Life Science as a group was down low-single digits, I think a real contrast to the mid-single digit growth we saw in Diagnostics, which continue to be, I think, very strong. Again, I think with AB SCIEX and with Leica, which are the 2 engines there of course, we saw academic and government spending be more muted here in the second half than we were anticipating. And we've seen that in the wake of some of the austerity, some of the sequestration concerns that are out there. As we ramp some of these new products, we'll get some benefit to offset that more modest spending environment. But I really think that's largely what we're talking about here, Steve, in terms of what we're seeing in Life Sciences. It's largely a Western dynamic. I think we help ourselves a good bit as we get these new products out the door. But again, as we flag a fourth quarter growth rate in line with what we've seen here in the third, it's in part due to a view that the spending environment in and around some of these bigger ticket items will be less robust in the short term than it would normally be.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I -- my view, Steve, and this is maybe one of the few times we get the benefit of being here in Washington, talking to a lot of folks out, say, at the NIH up on the hill. I think regardless of how the election plays out, regardless of which party's in charge, I think there's a view that the U.S., much like China, much like Germany, needs to invest in life science research. It's the right thing to do. It's a source of national competitive advantage. So I don't think we worry so much about the long-term worst case. I think what we're seeing is a -- is more temporary given the strategic long-term interests that these customers, be they government or nongovernment, have in mind. And again, to the earlier question, as we continue to fuel innovation, like the 6500 and the 4500, it's SCIEX, the SP8 at Leica, Navios at Beckman and flow cytometry, I think we'll be well positioned to take share of the spending that is left out there around the world.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, Deane, let me hit maybe on 3 points. First, I think the intent today is just as you described it. I think we would be very keen to put the next $1 billion, $2 billion, $3 billion to work predominantly outside of Life Sciences & Diagnostics and Dental. I think as we look forward, we want to maintain that balance. We think that serves the company and shareholders very well. I think as you look inside the funnels, to your specific question, we're active in a whole host of areas in that regard. So I think we continue to be optimistic. Per Dan's comments a moment ago, we'll be able to deploy capital in that direction in a serious, meaningful way. Third point I'd make is that, certainly, as you can appreciate, IRIS coming on board is a wonderful addition. Urinalysis is one test modality that Beckman is not in today. I think IRIS, through our global distribution channels, will be a significant contributor going forward. Clearly, digital pathology is a core trend of the future in and around one of our most successful businesses, that being Leica Biosystems. And if Leica can come anywhere close to doing in digital pathology with Aperio what they were able to do at Vision Systems in advanced staining, I think we'll be very happy. That said, let's keep in mind that if you step back on just the spend here in 2012, at least the commitment, we're talking about $1.5 billion and I think just over $1 billion is outside of Life Sciences and Dental. So we're very happy with what we've done with X-Rite and Product ID. We've made some important additions to the Communications business at Tek Comms and so forth. So I think the intent is as it was. I think the funnel's in good shape. And if you look at the body of work so far this year, a couple of nice life science additions to be sure, but I think you see that intention very much playing out with the capital decisions we made.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, Deane, I think the short answer is yes. Because as you rightly point out, whether it's what we've seen at Esko, what we're increasingly doing at Tek Comms, software is not only a critical component of the value we create for our customers, but the business models around how we deliver that value are evolving and whether it's Software-as-a-Service or some of those other Web-based or cloud-based models, I think you are going to see that being of increased importance, and thus, interest to us. I suspect you can see us approach this not only inorganically but organically as well. We're a week away from completing our strategic plan reviews for all the businesses. This was a common theme of opportunity as we look to extend our hardware- or equipment-based value props in just a whole host of places, some of which you actually might be quite surprised to see. In terms of valuations, obviously, the valuation parameters we've talked about in the past, I think, are going to hold here. I don't think in any way we would see different business models really requiring us to depart from, frankly, some old school math in terms of cash-on-cash returns. But as we've seen thus far, as we look forward, we think we'll be able to do that. So I don't think you'll see 10 of the next 10 deals be SaaS-based transactions, but clearly that's the way the world's moving and those sorts of additions to the portfolio will be strategically important and I think value enhancing along the way.
H. Lawrence Culp: Jon, I would just add to that, that clearly, as you well know, the foundation of that strong initial financial performance is what we're doing from a quality, from a service perspective first and foremost. We've had a number of the key facilities, Brea, Chaska reinspected without incident. Very encouraged by that. Obviously, we've got the troponin submissions into the FDA. We were out a fair bit over the last 6, 7 weeks for some strategic reviews. We had the board out, in fact. Just the core DBS implementation around service calls and past dues. Service calls, for example, unscheduled calls down 20% from a year ago. Just a lot of good improvements that we see in our metrics there that customers are beginning to see. In the prepared remarks, we flagged the progress we're making on the growth side. Again, we're not going to try to get too far ahead of ourselves but encouraged by what we're seeing, not only in retention, but increasingly the [indiscernible] opportunities we get for new business where we are not the incumbent on the back of some of these improvements. And as we get outside of the U.S. and we get outside of Western Europe, clearly the high-growth markets continue to really contribute to the overall performance that we're seeing. We had, for the first time, all the Diagnostics businesses together out in Brea, looking at some of the strategic synergies, both top and bottom line. That was a great week to have Radiometer and Leica Biosystems in addition to Beckman together. So we're excited about where we are, but I'd say all the more excited about the future in and around Beckman and the Diagnostics group.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think, Nigel, we are more the beneficiaries of easier comps right now than we are any pronounced pickup in China. So we're thrilled to be back, printing double-digit deltas here. I suspect we'll be close to being able to do that in the fourth quarter again. But I think until we get into '13, until they're on the other side of at least their transition and perhaps are pulling a few more policy levers than they pulled this year, I think that's really going to be the dynamic. The comps will make us look better, but we'll be fighting for business virtually everywhere. The export base there, as you know, is soft, in part as a function of their exposure to Europe. We feel that probably most in Instruments, particularly at Tektronix and probably to a degree in Motion. We're very pleased again with both Life Sciences & Diagnostics as well as Dental. Don't really see any reason that, that would in a pronounced way slow and we would expect, given their 5-year targets, for that to be another highlight in '13. But otherwise, I think we're probably, certainly like many others, of a more cautious view in the short term relative to China, certainly in contrast to perhaps where we were in the springtime.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes, I mean from a top line perspective, Nigel, again, I think we're going to see or would expect the fourth quarter to come in pretty much in line with what we've seen here in the third quarter. But that's despite a 300-basis point easier compare. So I think there were a number of places where September showed a little bit of a push at the end, but not enough for us to get excited. At least, I think on balance, that might have been pent up from July, August, some of that perhaps is just typical quarter-end stuff. But I think we've remained concerned about the U.S. and Europe, particularly with respect to capital or bigger ticket discretionary sorts of things and we could see some of that get pushed again.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think that's broadly the case, Julian. I think as we look at the portfolio, while we would never say never, we would submit that over 90% of the revenues today are in our desirable growth platforms. So as we think about the next $1 billion, the next $5 billion of activity, it should be acquisitions more so than divestitures and again, hopefully, balanced across the 5 segments.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, yes. I think that when we look at Tek, we wouldn't -- I think any business within Danaher has a healthy list of improvement opportunities and Tek is no different, Steve. But if we look at the second half performance here and the outlook Dan just referenced, I think what we've seen is, frankly, that the technology end markets that we serve and some of the key geographies, particularly China, have been soft. We -- I think we're of the view that they would be firming up a bit, that we'd begin to anniversary some of those down comps and that would be helpful. But between what we're seeing in Tek and what we're seeing in China, particularly, that's not the near-term outlook unfortunately. So again, I don't want to suggest to you that we are executing flawlessly there. But I think it's largely a macro call and we want to get to work on the things we can control and ride out the macro as best we can.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think if you were to put those businesses on the table, Radiometer or even Leica Bio, you talked about ChemTreat, you talked about Product ID from BJ to Esko, you'd really break it down, Steve, I think, differently across the businesses with DBS being the common denominator. Better go-to-market execution in terms of what the marketers are setting up for the sales force and the way the sales force is executing in the field. New product innovation is very much an important part of what we're doing in those businesses, without question. But the third bit, which is still important, is what we do from a quality delivering cost perspective. Some folks think that, if you will, kind of shopfloor DBS is relevant, but whether we're going into the factory in Copenhagen at Radiometer or the service network at ChemTreat or even in the software routing labs at Esko, DBS has a lot of positive impact so that the rest of the business can really operate without a tremendous amount of friction. So we can kind of break down each one of those stories, but it's just, I think, day in, day out strong, balanced, continuous improvement in those 3 areas, which is driving the growth that you see. Certainly in Product ID, we get the secular benefit of broad exposure to supply chain, product security and more customized marketing trends, particularly in consumer goods. Clearly, at ChemTreat, we're benefiting from a fair bit of market disruption over time as well. In Diagnostics, particularly in critical care and in oncology, unfortunately, those are both growth sectors where Radiometer and Leica Biosystems, respectively, are exceptionally well positioned. So we get a -- we got to make a little bit of our own luck there, but we also think we face some broader secular trends there and elsewhere that are going to be good over the long haul.
H. Lawrence Culp: I wouldn't say it was -- there was broad-based weakening that accelerated in the last week or 2, John, but we certainly saw some places where we saw some things push that we thought wouldn't in the last week or 2. But didn't try to tally it up to determine what that meant when the dust settled.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think the consumables businesses or the consumable parts of a number of the businesses, again whether it's Product ID, even Diagnostics, were solid. I wouldn't say that we saw an uptick. There were some places where we saw POS pick up a bit. But I really wouldn't want to try to get into a lot of detail there, John, because I think it would be potentially misleading. I think we saw, by and large, that September uptick just wasn't enough and the tone out there, again in the U.S. and Europe, particularly, is x housing, x autos where we don't have a lot of exposure, it's just not that buoyant right now.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I certainly would say that we would have that intent, John. I think that when you think about the downturns as I think Dan was alluding to earlier, we're not in any way anticipating a post-Lehman, a post dot-com sort of downturn. If there's anything out there of that nature, we would expect it to be more muted. The operating challenge, of course, is to make sure that we're balancing what we do on the cost side with the protection of our organic investments, be they short term in terms of go-to-market or longer term around new product development. But that's always the case. I think what we've tried to do not only back in the summertime with the $100 million call out, now the 20% increase to that restructuring effort here this year is just to give ourselves more latitude in that regard as we think about earnings growth and long-term growth investments going into '13.
H. Lawrence Culp: John, I think that's -- it's an interesting question. I think we're more optimistic today about our China M&A outlook than we've ever been. It's hard for me to pinpoint the root cause because the macro dynamics that you highlight, I think, are very much in play. I also think that our team's doing a better job. So it's really the combination, which I think fuel our optimism.
H. Lawrence Culp: Good morning, Jon. You nailed it. If we break down consumables versus equipment, we would look broadly and say we think consumables, again, despite the comps will be in that 4% range. But we would -- we'd expect equipment and primarily, again, around some of the businesses that we flagged to be down slightly.
H. Lawrence Culp: You're right again, Jon. It's principally the softness at Leica that is bringing down the overall number there. Sciex, as you can appreciate, probably has a little bit of pent-up business here with the timing of the launches come out of ASMS purely with the 6500. But on balance, it is a -- it's a Leica story.
H. Lawrence Culp: I was hoping to avoid any political questions here a few weeks before the election. But I think we're in the process of working through our options and the impact here, Jon, as we, I think, gear up from an operating perspective in the fourth quarter not only from -- with our '13 budgets, but frankly some of the more tactical considerations. Clearly, we need to be mindful as to what others do here but to the extent that we can pass some of this along, we will attempt to do that.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, I think it's -- clearly, the bias is to the M&A side. And as Larry alluded to, we've spent about $1.5 billion year-to-date on M&A. The buyback represented about 1/6 of that amount, but we do, as you pointed out, we do periodically go in and buy back some stock. You'll remember we issued about 20 million shares last year, so it's an opportunity to sort of bring some of that stock back in. And in terms of -- hard to read EPS within a couple of cents, but that's not really how we look at the buyback. We look at it on a cash basis. So we issued the stock last year at $52. At that point, our free cash flow was about $2.21 billion. And we were able to buy that stock back at an average price of $52. And right now our free cash flow is $3 billion, up 40%. So it just seemed like a good investment and a good opportunity to take some of that stock back. But clearly the bias is on the M&A side.
Daniel L. Comas: Jon, this is Dan. Maybe I'll add just a few facts and let Larry add a little bit of color. I mean, we continue to track quite well, up 400 or 500 basis points year-on-year. We will do the $120 million of restructuring in the fourth quarter. It will be broad-based, but Beckman and others will clearly be part of that and we expect some additional opportunity from that as well in terms of higher margins going into '13. As you know, in the procurement side in a regulated industry, things can take longer. That was part of our plan. We're making progress there. Again, you'll see some of that benefit. So we clearly will achieve the $250 million of cost savings that we thought we would have in '12 and believe there's another $100 million of costs to come out and margin improvement between '13 and '14. So I think we're pretty well positioned. From a cash flow perspective, it's just -- it's been terrific. We've taken out about $175 million of capital out of the business through the first 9 months of the year. That's on top of a pretty large number in the second half of last year. So the cash flow at Beckman has just been extraordinary.
Daniel L. Comas: Jeff, the reported -- if you just look at the base numbers, it was almost 100%. But if you strip out acquisitions and FX, it was 60%, still a high BCM on that. It is our highest gross margin business and our highest BCM business. Clearly, we're doing some restructuring. We'll do more restructuring here in the fourth quarter. That's an element of it. We are also sustaining investments across a number of our T&M businesses. So I think as we get through some of the restructuring here in the second half, that BCM degradation will decline and again we're -- I think we're of the view that this is not going to be as pronounced a downturn as we saw a couple of years ago.
Daniel L. Comas: Yes, we were down, I think, 80 or 90 basis points. There was a little bit of -- there was a write-down of an investment that Beckman had made prior to our acquisition that impacted margins a little bit in the quarter. And the biggest impact on margins is the fact that Life Science was down not only at Beckman, but broad based we were down at LSD. So our Diagnostics margins were up year-on-year, but the sequential decline was really driven by Life Science where the core growth was negative.
Daniel L. Comas: The $120 million, we should get about a $90 million payback. And maybe, maybe we don't get all of that in Q1, but by Q2 we think we'll be fully ramped on that. So we'll get the 95% of that here in '13 is our expectation at this point.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, you knew I'll give the same answer as M&A. I mean, we don't have a plan there. We will continue to look at it periodically and opportunistically.
Daniel L. Comas: Sure. If you look at our year -- our 9-month performance where our free cash flow to continuing net income, it's about 140%. If I took away the $170 million of capital we've taken out of Beckman, it'd still be 130%. Now even if we own Beck, say, we're 3 years from now, we're not going to get $170 million, but we'd still expect, say, $50 million. But if I take that all, put it on the sidelines, we'd still be 130% conversion. We're seeing broad-based, very good cash flow across our businesses.
Daniel L. Comas: Maybe I'll just, on the Life Science, you -- we're going to have -- they're going to get their fair share of restructuring in the fourth quarter in Life Science Diagnostics. But despite that, you'll see a nice sequential improvement here from Q3 and maybe broadly on...
Daniel L. Comas: I mean, Life Science price, Julian, was slightly negative in Q3. But I think that's pretty comparable to what we saw in the first half. Again, it really was more of the fact that you had your high BCM equipment business and Life Science being down organically really driving the margins. Probably a little bit of element to that in T&M, price probably a little bit more of an impact on margins. We were running probably about 0.5 point of price in the first half of the year and we didn't get any price in Test. It wasn't negative, but we didn't get any price in the third quarter. So that probably hurt us a little bit on the margin side in T&M.
Daniel L. Comas: I mean, in light of the top line this year, it's getting pushed out. I mean, we're -- I mean, our communication side of the business is way ahead, but the top line on the instruments side has pushed that out.
Daniel L. Comas: Yes. I mean, it's just basically the $1.30 versus kind of the mid-$1.20s where it was over the summer.
Daniel L. Comas: And Jon, I mean, we'll go through all the detail in our budgets here in November. But our kind of top-level look is if the full tax goes in and we're not able to recover any of it and that's not going to be our assumption, but just lay out the math, it'd probably be about a $0.01 a quarter hit. So $10-plus million a quarter hit.
Jonathan P. Groberg: So I guess just one big picture question, Larry. You said you expected 4Q to be similar to 3Q in terms of core growth, but obviously, as you mentioned, your comps get much easier. So if you think about sequentially, maybe thinking about those big buckets that you talked about, consumables versus instruments, is it the instruments that you expect to maybe be a little bit worse sequentially in the fourth quarter, or just kind of how you're thinking big picture about the sequential dynamics of the business.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. And then last one just quickly, how are you thinking about the medical device tax in '13 and maybe just either size it, I know it's under manufactured costs, so it's maybe not the full 2%, but I'm just -- and are you going to be able to offset that in any way? Just curious how you're thinking about it today.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. I know you'd talk about it more when you give guidance, but just people are already going to have '13 estimates, so just wanted to make sure we were clear.
