Rainer Blair: As we think about the remainder of 2021 and how that sets us up for 2022, just a couple of things to sort of set the baseline here. First of all, we now expect to ship 15 million tests in 2021 for COVID, either COVID only or four-in-one. And we've taken that up from the 45 million test guide before. And the confidence that we gain here is really through what we've seen. As we've ramped up our capacity here and shipped 14 million cartridges in Q2, you'll recall we originally expected to ship 11 million in Q2. 50% of that outside of the US, 50% of that inside the US. That really has given us the confidence that there's still plenty of demand for our solution at the point of care.  And here's why? We're really not perceiving a slowdown currently in our testing demand, and we're shipping everything that we're producing. So, while it's true that we see core lab tests trending downwards, we continue to see strength in the demand for our testing solution.  The other thing that we are considering here is we're a bit concerned about some of the RSV breakouts that we're seeing in the US, but also elsewhere in the world, which makes us think that we'll start seeing testing skew more towards the four-in-one solution which, of course, tests for RSV in addition of Flu A, B And COVID-19.  So, as we think about where we sit today, we feel comfortable that we'll see 50 million tests this year, and we don't have anything that would indicate that our previous guide for 45 million tests in 2022 would be materially different. We continue to see plenty of opportunity. Keep in mind, we've increased our installed base by 40% since the beginning of the pandemic, and of course, have the largest testing menu with 30 plus tests outside the US and 20 plus tests in the US. So, we feel we feel strongly that that demand should be available to us once again because of that unique value proposition at the point of care.
Rainer Blair: As we look at Aldevron, we really see it as our entry into the genomic medicine market, and are seeing it really as a standalone in that regard, specifically with plasmid DNA, protein and mRNA, and are really not looking initially here at synergies related to Cytiva or Pall. There's plenty of opportunity inside that scope to invest, expand capacity in the existing product lineup, as well as to globalize that. The great majority of Aldevron's revenues are actually in the US. So, we see great opportunities to globalize that.  And from a growth perspective, like we said, this is in 2022 going to be $0.5 billion business growing at 20%, adding about 50 basis points to Danaher's overall growth profile, as well as adding $0.20 of EPS in year one and $0.30 EPS in year two.
Rainer Blair: If we start with the topic of customer activity in these analytical markets, they're really at or very near pre-pandemic levels with the underlying recovery well underway. And we're seeing the customers adapting readily to new work environments that we're in there where it's still necessary or are fully back to normal where the infection rates are really low. So, that manifests itself in better order rates, our funnels are stronger, we see higher instrument and service sales. Keep in mind, SCIEX over 30% core growth here in Q2, just as a marker. But really, all of our major life science operating companies were at or over 30% core growth for the quarter. So, we're seeing some very nice momentum there.  And if you look at the two-year growth stack there, we're really at or very near to pre-pandemic growth rate. While this is driven by more customer activity, but we also have to say, in our instrument areas is a place where we have been accelerating R&D investment and we've seen great traction for some of our new product introductions. I mentioned the SCIEX ZenoTOF, but we've also introduced the 7500. And at Beckman Life Sciences, we introduced the CytoFLEX cell sorter. So, those are all things that contribute to what we think is outperformance here in the instrumentation market.
Rainer Blair: I think, Mike, normally even inclusive of Cepheid or Cytiva, we'd probably be more like $850 million in CapEx. So, I think you can kind of size the delta on that $1.5 billion with that. I would say that the preponderance of the increase that you're seeing there is going to be at Cepheid and Cytiva as at Pall on the bioprocessing side. So, those would be the three big ones that will be sort of driving that increase.  I suspect – you'll see that, obviously, this year. I suspect we might be at something in between those two numbers. Maybe we're at the higher end of that number, the $850 million and the $1.5 billion as we head into next year. But I think, over time, that probably does start to come down a touch. As we've talked about, we've been pulling forward a lot of the capacity increases that we were already planning for all of those businesses, just given the demand now, plus the longer-term secular growth drivers.  This is sort of more of a pull forward is the way I think about it, and I think you'll have a little bit of a bolus [ph] here for a couple years and then probably come back down to a lower landing level. 
Rainer Blair: Let's start with bioprocess and how to think about that. So, just to level-set, we expect to do for vaccines and therapeutics this year $2 billion in revenue, and that second half is going to be consistent with what you saw in the first half. And so, the activity level remains elevated. And any decel that you're thinking about is purely related to comps. And now more broadly speaking, speaking really for total Danaher, the Q2, Q3 prior year step up is over 1,000 basis points. Right? So, if you keep that in mind, I think that characterizes the activity level appropriately. We continue to see strength in vaccine and therapeutic. Orders, Matt has talked about it with Tycho, 40% plus on the revenue side in Q2, 60% plus on the order side. So, the activity level remains very high. And we expect that this will continue, which is why we're confident in talking about $1.5 billion of backlog for 2022, which sitting here on July 20 looking forward is a good place for us to be. And it gives us, as you think about 2022, a number of quarters to continue to strengthen that. So, there's a great deal going on in the vaccine and therapeutic space. Keep in mind, the rollout that we've seen has been primarily a developed market story. We're starting now to see some of the emerging market vaccine manufacturers kicking in and ramping up. There's three in China to say an example. Another one in Russia, of course, and several more. And they're just starting to kick in. So, we expect that all to provide really some sustained strength for some period of time. 
Rainer Blair: Now coming back to your Alzheimer drug question with Aduhelm, first of all, we can't comment specifically on any particular drug. But we're absolutely delighted to see that science and the pharmaceutical industry is making progress on this disease. Alzheimer's, as you know, afflicts so many around the world and there's a real need for a solution. At this point, it's early days. As you know, there's quite a bit of discussion around the efficacy of the drug, the size of the target population, reimbursement, and a number of other questions.  But I might say that this is one drug. There are several others that are in late stage qualification and approval processes. And so, we do see here this indication of Alzheimer's disease becoming more and more relevant for monoclonal antibodies.  Awfully early to say what impact it has, but we can say that with the breadth of our portfolio, the capability of our team and the penetration that we have in the market, it's fair to say that we're represented on all of those projects and are confident that we can supply those, should there be an elevated need.
Rainer Blair: We don't compromise on that. The core value, customers talk, we listen. And our focus on quality, delivery, and cost remains our Northstar. And we drive our processes. And with that, anybody who's associated with that, starting with what we can control internally, but also our supply partners who have been stepping up to the plate supporting us here and making the necessary investments. But we're not going to compromise on on-time delivery and meeting or exceeding our customer's expectation.
Rainer Blair: I think you're on to a strong point here, which is – and we saw this in Q2, but just to level-set for everybody here on the phone. Once again, we've increased our installed base here since the beginning of the pandemic by 40% plus, and that's with thousands of instruments in places where they haven't been before. And we've tried to do that very strategically, always, of course, wanting to help with the COVID pandemic and the near-term requirements and needs, but also looking beyond that to see whether those care settings would be able to use the menu that we have available today and the one that, of course, we develop every day in order to launch new assays. And we have seen that starting to play out in places where perhaps the COVID need is not as strong and particularly at new customers. And that's manifested, for instance, in our sexual health or hospital acquired infections assays, which are up 30% plus, here in the second quarter, and provide us with an additional pillar of strength. And so, we're very pleased with that. And we expect that to continue here as we not only made progress in the US, but in the rest of the world. So, very important point. The menu is gaining traction, and we're starting to see that play out here in the second quarter and expect that to continue to be the case going forward.  Now, as it relates to new assays, please know that we are working on new assays every day. And you can expect that, over time, to continue to broaden that lead in menu breadth, as well as depth over time. So, that's absolutely a part of our daily activity here.
Rainer Blair: I think so. And before we move on to the non-COVID strength out there, let's reiterate in relation to that backlog number that we talked about what assumptions are in that and which assumptions are not in that number. So, in that $1.5 billion backlog, that's in addition to the $2 billion that we're shipping this year, that includes all the approved vaccines, whether those are approved in the US and Europe or elsewhere, as well as those in late stage trials, which you can imagine we're very close to. So, that's absolutely a part of how we're thinking about that. And it includes these emerging market vaccines that I was talking about. But what it doesn't include is the booster shot. And we know from Israel, we know from the UK, we know from China that those countries are now moving to booster shots, but we have not assumed that to be a part of our numbers here, nor have we included the younger kids, 12 and under, in a vaccination schedule, which you can imagine on a worldwide basis is a pretty big number. So, we've kept that out. And we think that that's an appropriate assumption.  Now as we look to the non-COVID demand, which has consistently been in the low double digits here, with one or the other quarter perhaps even above, we feel very confident that the number of projects in the pipeline, we talked about it, over 1,500 monoclonal antibodies in the development pipeline, over 50% more than just five years ago. And then you add, related to that, the gene and cell therapies and genomic medicines where you have over 1,000 projects in the pipeline, which is an order of magnitude more than just five years ago, we feel quite strongly that the capacity utilization will remain very robust here for the mid and long term.
Rainer Blair: Let me start with this. I think that, in general, there is a strong supply of filters, as you mentioned, perhaps single use products and such in the market and that there might be pockets where there's some shortages, but I think I would prescribe those to individual type product shortages as opposed to a broad-based shortage as the industry and, particularly, Danaher has continued to ramp capacities with some of the investments that we made. So, I think that what the industry has been able to do is accompany the growth here and continue to support that.  Now, as it relates to your inventory question, here we have been very, very rigorous in our interactions with our customers who we've asked and encouraged to give us their orders as early as possible to give us the visibility that we need to ensure that they get what they need. And as such, we don't believe that there's pockets of inventory that are sitting here in the industry. You can never ignore that there might be one or two places that perhaps that might be the case, but it's really not material in the overall size of the industry. So, we think that the industry is tight on supply. Everybody is working through it with each other, we with our customers with a great deal of visibility, but of course also with our suppliers who we mentioned earlier, who have also had to ramp up to support us and the value chain. 
Matt McGrew: Tycho, they have a little bit better growth historically than kind of that 20%. But I think, again, just sort of from our perspective, to be prudent from a planning perspective, that's sort of what we've laid out. I think we've had a lot of success with that type of setting up, if you will, for acquisitions in the past. That's sort of why we've kind of come to there versus where they have been a little bit more historically higher.
Matt McGrew: I think the way to think about the COVID tailwind is we sort of took up the number for the full year, Mike. And I think what I would kind of think about that is that most of that is the $200 million better cartridge performance that we saw here in Q2 sort of rolling through for the full year. So, if you think about the COVID contributions, I think we're up $200 million versus where we thought we would be. All of that is just going to be sort of rolling that Q2 beat through to the full year for the COVID. side.  As far as the four-in-one goes, as we think about the contribution kind of going forward, we still think Q3 is probably going to be pretty close to what we saw here in Q2, which was – 80% of that was COVID only, 20% was the four-in-one.  Given what Rainer said and what we saw last year as well, but what Rainer said around the RSV sort of outbreak here that we're seeing in the south, we think we might have a little bit of a different or more of a respiratory season than we did last year. So, sort of as we move forward, we're sort of thinking, Q4, that split moves more to kind of a 50/50, 60/40. We'll see where it comes out, but something more like that in the fourth quarter. 
Matt McGrew: Mike, just to give you a sense, outside of life sciences, just overall, equipment was up north of 20% and consumables were north of 30%. So, just to give you a sense of – that's not all that different from what we saw elsewhere as well.
Matt McGrew: Vijay, maybe just a 100,000 foot view, just to kind of think about – in each of the last five quarters in biotech, the bookings have been higher than revenue. And that was also true in Q2, just to kind of – there's all kinds of numbers and comps and everything else, just take a step back and just kind of keep that in mind as we head into the second half here. 
Matt McGrew: Vijay, I'd love to have the crystal ball for 2022 for you, but I'm just still hoping to get some insight into the second half, frankly. Like you said, besides the mix, we are starting to – as we got into the quarter and we had pretty good fall through here in the quarter again, but we are starting to see activity resume a little bit, especially late in the quarter. A little bit more travel activity, a little bit more kind of people doing in-person things. And so, I think, in my mind, there's two things. It's when do the costs come back because I do believe we will have some costs come back, and how fast that happens. So, it's just really kind of balancing those two. And I think there's still enough uncertainty out there that it's difficult to pin that down. I'm hoping that as we get into the fall here that we get a bit more color on that, and hopefully be able to provide a little bit more when we talk about 2022 later in the year. But unfortunately, I think it's a little early for us to think about it. But that's where we are today.
Matt McGrew: It's a fair point. We have definitely seen it. I think, again, similar to the travel sort of as we've moved through the quarter, I think we are definitely seeing inflationary pressures here and supply chain pressures. I would say that, right now, for us, it is modest. And we're able to manage through it, some of that with better price on our side and some of it just being able to on the daily work, if you will, from a DBS perspective, but we are definitely seeing that. We are seeing it in resins, in plastics, in metals. Again, not a huge part for us, but we do see it where that happens. I think the two biggest pieces for us, Scott, our freight is definitely an issue. Fewer cargo flights obviously means it's a little bit more expensive to move things by air. And then, I think as everybody has read and saw, electronics, particularly the supply chain around the chips globally, has been a challenge for us as well.  So, again, haven't seen material impact. I do believe that as we move forward into the second half that that probably does not abate, if anything might step up a little bit and clearly a challenge here for us. But so far, we've been able to work through it with some hard work and a little bit of price and some PPV.
Matt McGrew: I think maybe the way to answer that is, today, we've been sort of seeing in the last, I guess, five quarters, our VCM has been kind of 50%. And as I look forward and think about the expenses coming back, and it's not just COVID, I would say it's kind of broadly speaking across the business, we think it's going to start to ramp here in the second half and be in the sort of 40% fall through. Dan, if you think about where we've been more historically, it's probably been more like 35%. And so, I think what we'll see is that the expenses – and here again, the uncertainty in the timing is what I'm still not sure on, but I think what we'll see is that that expense base will come back a little bit more closer to that normal, longer-term 35%. And part of that is not only are we – we're sort of seeing the benefits, I think, of the investments that we continue to make and we have been making in innovation and kind of go-to-market.  And I think with that, if you think about today, our base business on a two-year stack for this year is going to be 6% to 7% core growth, which is 100 basis points plus where we were in 2019. And so, I think the investments that we're making are paying off on the growth side. And I think both Rainer and myself are inclined to want to kind of keep making those investments, while recognizing that we're going to have some costs that come back as we get back to the office and we start to travel again.  So, maybe, Dan, the way to bridge it would be 50% today, I think, probably is a little bit more like 40% in the second half, and over time, I think it probably is something more like 35% if I had to guess. 
