H. Lawrence Culp: I think that we would view 50% with this portfolio as something that it would be sustainable over time. Obviously we'll bring different businesses in above and below that number. I suspect that we'll alter the mix, but if you look at the core underlying drivers here, the deconsolidation of Apex is probably worth, what, 115 basis points. So we would have been north of 50% even without that dynamic.  I just think you look at so much of professional instrumentation, so much of what we do in med tech and even the margin improvement we've seen in industrial technologies all contributing to that high gross margin, and I think that as you've seen in the third quarter and as we're alluding to in the fourth quarter, we can sustain that while, and in part because of, the acceleration in both the cost restructuring activities as well as some of the growth investments. So I don't think this is a high water mark never to be seen again. I think it's something this portfolio and this team is very capable of delivering.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. We're very pleased with where we are here through three quarters at AB SCIEX. I think we're going to continue to see this business deal with the important but unexciting work of getting the two halves of the business stitched together. It's important for us in a lot of ways, certainly for investors, as we do that we pull costs out of the business, both one-time costs and unnecessary costs. I think you see that in the improved med tech margins. Clearly with the introduction and now the shipment of the 5600 we're out aggressively in the marketplace with technology reinforcing that technology leadership position that AB SCIEX enjoys.  I think we're looking here at a second half where the team is well-positioned to deliver high single-digit growth and get back to those double-digit operating margins that we knew this team was capable of. So I think all and all while it's still early, and a lot goes into the first year with any new Danaher acquisition, particularly an undertaking as significant as this, we feel very good about where that business is and where that business is headed, more importantly going forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. I think that there are a number of places, Bob, where we're doing particularly well. We've had the opportunity in the last 90 days to be out with everybody as part of our strategic reviews. Just go across the portfolio, Hach Lange is doing very well broadly speaking. Clearly the step up in investment in emerging markets in China and beyond China I think is serving them very well. Particularly at Leica Biosystems, with what they do in the histopathology lab, particularly the investments we've made around the advanced staining system. That continues to drive very good growth for us.  Very pleased at Radiometer. We talked in the prepared remarks about the ABL90 and the ABL80 are two point of care [inaudible] blood gas instruments that have been introduced and doing well. AQT, our cardiac platform, had a very strong step up sequentially in the third quarter as well. Clearly DEXIS and the rest of the imaging platform is doing very well on a relative basis.  Chem Treat we've talked about. They continue to move right along. I highlighted Kollmorgen in the prepared remarks. We don't often talk about Kollmorgen, but what they've done with their new motor and drive platforms, the AKM and the AKD, we think they're doing very well in certain industrial verticals where they focus.  So I could go on and on. I'll stop rambling, but I think this is really the culmination of a lot of work the team's done to improve our execution capability and overfund those opportunities we think warrant that sort of support.
H. Lawrence Culp: I don't think that we're saying anything more, Bob, than what we've said through the course of the year. We're well-positioned to continue to be an active strategic acquirer of businesses that we think strengthen our portfolio, particularly with our growth platforms in mind, investments that we think not only strengthen and built out Danaher, but will generate strong returns for shareholders. Clearly we see this current environment as one where there is plenty of opportunity. We continue to be quite busy. I don't think anyone should be surprised to see us put some serious capital to work in the short to medium term. That's not a forecast, but just a look into the pipeline and a look to the balance sheet and obviously a strong vote of confidence in our bandwidth to tackle capital deployments on that scale.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. Let me talk to some of those points. First, I would just say that the comp does get more challenging in the fourth quarter. We really saw the tide come back by this point last year. We obviously had a better fourth quarter compared to the other quarters last year come year's end. But that said, I think that as we look out toward the rest of the year, on a core basis we should be up high single digits. I wouldn't rule out 10% given the strength of the markets and I think our performance in them, certainly test and measurement and motion are likely to continue to lead the way. I like a lot of what we're seeing. I like Biosystems right now. I think they're poised to do well in the quarter. Product ID as well is positioned to do well.  So I think high single digits, possibly 10 would be where I'd call the top. We are going to step up in the fourth quarter our quiet restructuring and related activity. We intend to put $10 million to $15 million a quarter into improving our cost structure and obviously accelerating growth and investments as well. I suspect we could be up two, maybe three times that amount in the fourth quarter given the room I think we will have to make those sorts of investments both in improving our cost structure, to get a jump on 2011, but also frankly there are some things we can pull forward that will be good growth investments, getting us ready for 2011 as well.  So a combination. And I guess what I'm really flagging there for you Deane is we obviously had great follow-through in the third quarter on close to 45%. I think we're going to be down with 35% to 40% on the back of those investments in the fourth quarter, but still I think a very good outlook for us as we get ready for next year.
H. Lawrence Culp: Steve, with respect to some of the hospital-based pressures I think it's important to keep in mind that what we call med tech - obviously now our largest segment - half of that is dental, not really a hospital-based business, largely a private pay market in most parts of the world. And the other side, what we call life sciences has I think pretty good balance between both its clinical exposure, research, and in the applied space like food and water. In the clinical space specifically, I think the growth that you're seeing that's delivered both at Radiometer, where we've very focused on critical care, which is a tough thing to cut back on - when you need to go to the emergency room, you need to go - as well as what we're doing in pathology, particularly around oncology, with Leica Biosystems. They're our two leading growth engines right now and I think they are performing well against a current backdrop of some of those hospital pressures that you've talked about. So I don't think that anyone is necessarily immune, but we're very well-positioned to work our way through that. 
H. Lawrence Culp: I would characterize the pipeline much as I have in the past, chock full of opportunity, both larger and smaller than Keithley. I think in a typical year or so you're going to see us do a number of deals in and around that [$100 million plus] range, a la Keithley. Ten to a dozen it will be smaller, and then one or two that will be materially bigger. That's, again, not a forecast for calendar 2010, but that tends to be what happens in a typical 12-month period. So we continue to be optimistic about our ability to deploy capital, not that the balance sitting there basically generating no income is an issue for us, but we just see a lot of good opportunities to strengthen the quality of this portfolio over the cycle, and we intend to do that.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think it's hard to give you a macro answer, because the contribution, or the breakdown, various business by business. Certainly new products were an important part of our story, both on an absolute and a relative basis. I think clearly new products help drive market share, but the investments we've been making on the margin have been weighted toward emerging markets. That gives us that mix benefit if you will.  And again, I think there's just a lot of energy the last several years behind our DBS growth investments around new product development and sales and marketing execution. Even if we're just out selling something that may be three or four or five years old, having more people out being more effective in terms of how we generate leads, how we prepare those sales people to get in front of customers and help them solve their problems is really all part of the mix. So I wish I had a better topside answer for you, but it's really, again, a mix of a whole host of different efforts, business by business, that come together to drive this performance.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think when we got into med tech five years ago we were very focused strategically on avoiding some of the risk factors that get a lot of coverage today. Risk factors such as reimbursement, single payer dynamics, let alone certain situations where competition is quite fierce. And I think that's really why you see us with the med tech segment that we have today, dental having its own discrete dynamics.  We're now very much a market leader in life sciences and diagnostics. We've gone into some niche areas, be it in critical care or in histopathology on the diagnostic side with Leica and SCIEX, some targeted research applications with very good applied market exposure, like food and environmental. So I don't think we have any regrets whatsoever.  I think all these adds have represented over the last five years incremental positives for the Danaher portfolio, and our potential to drive the top, the bottom, and the cash flow through cycles. And I think as we go forward if we deploy that capital we alluded to earlier over the next year or so please don't be surprised to see us continue to invest and hopefully invest smartly in med tech. Not exclusively, because we still want to do things in T&M and environmental, product I.D. as well, but we have lost none of our courage or our conviction about those opportunities.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think that's what you see today. If med tech was a company unto itself, again because of that research, that clinical, that applied market balance, it would be a steady ship in any possible storm.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think first in terms of the comps you're right, we should continue to have very good performance there if for no other reason than the comps. I think what we're finally seeing at Tek kick in is the R&D and go to market investments and [inaudible] improvements that they have laid in, which helps us. And I think frankly, despite some of the secular issues that you raised, I think this business is just flat out executing better on a global basis compared to where they were two years ago. We've got some portfolio moves here into sectors like video test. We've made a significant move into service. I think it bodes very well for Tek's ability to drive through some of those concerns. But in terms of what we're seeing it's really still quite buoyant at Tek and at Fluke right now.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think there were three or four contributing factors. One, the fact that the core growth came in at 7.5% for our guidance of 5% to 6% and the very high fall through we get in that segment. Two, KaVo being up over 400 basis points year-on-year, big contributor there. Leica was up over 200 basis points year-over-year, and then SCIEX, both the absence of some of the acquisition expenses as well as just core basis, a nice step up both in core growth but also our operating margin was the fourth factor that really helped drive the sequential improvement.
H. Lawrence Culp: Just to be clear, though, we think we can drive that margin expansion and continue to invest there. We're with that team next week in fact, in [inaudible]. [It's a balance that has thus far.]
H. Lawrence Culp: I think we watch them all. It's hard to take the 20%+ emerging market growth for granted, but having been on calls earlier in the week with both our China and our India teams they're still quite bullish about the near to medium term. We were very pleased with the U.S. being up low doubles as it were, and Europe coming in at 10%. If I had to pick one of the three that I'm probably most concerned about - though concern might be an overstatement - I'd probably pick Europe, just for all the macro factors that everybody else has been talking about. No particular insight or specific issue in mind there.
H. Lawrence Culp: Certainly part of the step up in R&D that you see here is a function of hiring scientists, technologists, engineers, both for core technology development as well as new products. I don't have a specific number there for you, but obviously you see it in the P&L. I think that part of what you're seeing in the gross margins, in the BCMs is frankly very good execution on the shop floor relative to the restructuring coupled with the way we're tackling the step up in volume this year. So I know we do have an increase in our manufacturing headcount but it has been quite modest hence the productivity gains and in turn the variable margins.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think that it really is a business by business decision depending on the nature of the demand curves. I don't think we necessarily have a bias in one direction or another. For a lot of our businesses now it's also a global call in terms of where volumes are rising, let alone being handled from a production perspective.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think that at this point in terms of a breakthrough product, many of these introductions move the needle for the respective businesses. Certainly the big product that AB SCIEX has launched is a game-changer for them - the 5600. No doubt about that. I think what you're seeing really in terms of the suite of products that have come out at Radiometer around the ABL90 FLEX, the ABL80 FLEX as well as AQT, pretty much a game-changer for them, and perhaps in turn for Danaher.  I wouldn't want to leave out bond introduction at Leica Biosystems because that's driving good growth, part of the results here today, but what we really haven't flagged yet, because we're building the install base, is the aftermarket consumables stream, much like Radiometer, that we are in the course of building as we build out that install base. That's a few years down the road still, but I think the more we shift the revenue mix at Leica toward consumables, the stronger the contribution that business will be making back in part to Rick's question. So again, I think all and all it's a business by business approach, and we've got a lot of good folks executing quite well on the new product introductions this year.
H. Lawrence Culp: I was pleased to read your note yesterday relative to the U.K. trends that looked more encouraging today than they might have earlier in the week. We're really in the process of pulling all of that together as Dan alluded to. We'll present our '11 views when we get together in December, but I think by and large when we talk about those non-clinical applications, be they research, be they applied, I think we're still of the view that both at Leica and at AB SCIEX particularly we're positioned for growth.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think with the 5600, that business growing at a high single-digit rate in the second half, frankly that's a rate that they had not enjoyed for some time and I'm not convinced the market is growing at that rate. So that has to translate at least mathematically into some share gain. And more importantly, frankly, than their share gain in any one quarter, that team is back on its toes. It's out in the market. It's a story that's going to take a while to write, but I really like where we are here as we get close to the year-one anniversary.
Daniel Comas: Scott, it's still below the rest of the segment, but as you know this business was break-even last year. We'll do mid-single-digits this year and exit even higher than that. I think right now we are targeting with sort of mid-single-digit growth a high single-digit rate, OP rate maybe even 10% next year, and that's including some additional restructuring next year as well to then position us again for 2012 for another lift in those margins. So we're very pleased with the progress. We've taken longer than we should have, but very pleased about where we are right now with KaVo.
Daniel Comas: Bob, it will probably still be mildly diluted next year. The venture is spending a fair amount of money right now to go after some costs and also some growth investment. That will probably continue through the first half of '11. So maybe when we get to the back half it's probably neutral and then we would expect that in 2012 the venture would be accretive for us.
Daniel Comas: I think that's a good, accurate description. Given the strength we saw in the middle of the third quarter, the way it continued, we really went out to the businesses and said we think we're going to have an opportunity here in Q4 to pull forward some of the stuff that the businesses were contemplating to do in 2011. And as Larry mentioned, we've green-lighted a fair amount of that. Depending on how the quarter plays out we might do a little bit more than that. It is pretty broad-based across the segments, and I think it will give us a head start getting into '11.
Daniel Comas: It was pretty consistent with what we've seen in the first two quarters, about 0.75% of price. Working on some areas to get that up maybe a little bit higher going into '11, but not a lot of changes.
Daniel Comas: In terms of any macro items to the businesses in 2011, nothing jumps to light. We've had two very strong years at Gilbarco Veeder Root. Some of the things were regulatory driven over the last couple of years. So that could be our toughest comp going into next year. And then the other items that companies are talking about vis-a-vis pension, we don't have a lot there, but it will probably be a little bit of an incremental headwind given the lower discount rate that I think everyone's going to have to use going into '11. And then some of the noise and some of the changes on the tax law will be a modest incremental headwind going into '11.
Daniel Comas: We talked in September that July and August were very strong. We did not see any change in September. I'm not saying it got faster, but the very healthy pace of orders continued pretty evenly throughout the quarter. It's broad-based. If you think about where we were in July, arguably the biggest lift came in med tech. In med tech we were looking at a 5% quarter in July, and we came out at 7.5%. Both Radiometer and Leica Bio, which Larry alluded to, we thought they would be very good quarters and they were even better than that. I think the double-digit growth we saw at KaVo was a little better than we thought was going to occur in the quarter, and Cybron sort of bouncing back to positive growth also helped that segment.
Daniel Comas: Larry and I were just talking about supply chain yesterday, and it was noteworthy as we did our reviews across the businesses for the third quarter and their monthly president's letters, the lack of discussion about supply chain issues. So it feels like it's gotten better across a number of our businesses. In other words, the supply chain, particularly in the electronics area. I wouldn't say it's totally caught up to date, but the issues we were having in the first half have really died down. We don't have a lot of exposure to materials, to commodities. It's really more really in the joint ventures today where they have some of that exposure. In terms of wage inflation, clearly we're seeing that in the emerging markets, and that is a challenge, both from a cost perspective but also from a retention perspective.
Daniel Comas: Maybe first on the restructuring side and the incremental growth side. We've been going through our normal quiet restructuring, which Larry alluded to - the $10+ million a quarter. We're going to be stepping up that in the fourth quarter.  On the growth investing side, particularly when you have 12%-13% organic growth, we could be [fall through] at 5% given the contribution margins and number of our businesses, particularly in places like Med Tech. And I think that scaled down, a kind of 40%-45% [fall through] gives you a sense of the step up for the investment.  R&D is clearly keeping pace with our growth rate, so we're growing R&D at a double-digit rate in almost all of our businesses. You're also seeing the step up in the sales and marketing, particularly in the feet on the street investment. Both [inaudible], particularly in the emerging markets as well as in a number of cases, converting distribution in emerging markets to direct.  So I'm not sure I can roll it all up for you and give you a number, but we've had a substantial step up in the investment, both in the R&D and the go to market through the first nine months of the year.
Daniel Comas: Some of this step up in investment in the fourth quarter will be on the growth side. That's going to be converting some distribution to direct. We're also stepping up some kind of a web-based marketing, go-to-market activities. We're probably pretty close to a run rate but again, there'll be some incremental step up here in Q4.
Daniel Comas: Correct. We'll have to obviously get into all the budgets, but the plan is to then pull forward stuff maybe later in '11 to early in '11.
Daniel Comas: Operationally, we can, but that will be a segment that will receive some of the restructuring, so I expect margins in med tech that would be probably a little bit better than Q3. But on, hopefully, an exit rate, better, and part of it being the favorable Q4 seasonality. [Ex to] restructuring you should see another nice step up in the restructuring, though, because of the restructuring but you won't actually see that in the reported number.
Daniel Comas: If we're talking $40 million plus of restructuring, that's over a 100 basis point margin across the business, and that will be med tech, professional instrumentation, and industrial tech.
Daniel Comas: There will be some incremental positive from the step up of what we're doing here going into '11, but that's maybe a couple of pennies a share, $20 million to $30 million of incremental spend here in Q4 should get almost a one-to-one return in 2011
Daniel Comas: I don't want to steal Larry's thunder in December. But clearly the biggest driver there should be SCIEX. With all the transition expense, the acquisition and accounting expense, it's probably a mid-single-digit pre-tax contributor here and we would expect a sizable step up there in 2011 as well as some of the recent test and measurement deals both [inaudible] network and Keithley being contributors, but again, I'll let Larry roll that up in December.
Daniel Comas: Given how small the tools and components segment now is, we're in the process of evaluating the segments and I think in the near term will be modifying how we present the segments.
Daniel Comas: They were both 21% plus, I guess it's down sequentially very modestly. Q3 for Fluke tends to be a little bit lower margin seasonally, and we probably had some of that, but I could go back and look at that if you like, but I don't know off hand.
Daniel Comas: We thought Cybron would accelerate from low singles to mid singles and KaVo, which was double, is probably going to be mid-single-digit to high-single-digit, in part because of the comp issue you referenced.
Daniel Comas: They're low double-digit and we're still working that. As you know, when we bought it it was about a 4% or 5% OP business and we still believe ultimately that's high-teen contributor to the segment.
Daniel Comas: Well, given the gross margin there, if we can just control and keep flat the G&A and the manufacturing expense we could see 100 basis points plus of margin improvement just from the fall through of the good organic growth we're getting there.
