Tom Joyce: Tycho, we actually feel really good about where we are in China right now, double-digit growth across the businesses, this by the way with the ninth consecutive quarter. And I think what's most encouraging in this the growth that we're seeing is broad based. All four of our segments were up double-digits in the first quarter. So whether you look at Diagnostics or Life Sciences, the Dental platform, certainly water quality everybody, I think doing a nice job by driving the four segments to double-digits in the quarter. I think, if we look at anything where there might be a little bit of slowness, I think I'd probably point to PID, Product ID over the past couple of quarters, but not in the sense of a meaningful step down. And of course, PID is only about roughly 5% of our China revenues. So we feel very good about how we're positioned. And these end markets, as you know well, are our terrific end markets to be in China. So over the span of time three to -- last three to four years, we've been high single-digits to low double-digit kind of across the board. Could we see a little bit of softness in the second half? I think that would only be a function right now related to the comps that we have, particularly in water. I think Q -- middle of the year to back end of the year, our water business was up greater than 25%. So I think that will be a tough comp. But in terms of the fundamentals, in China right now, and I -- by the way, Tycho, I was just there. I was there two weeks ago and met really one of our teams, spent some time with customers, talking with our -- certainly DS customers in the hospital market as well as in bioprocessing. And that the tone was really quite good. So I think we feel good about the markets. We feel good about our position in those markets. You asked about generics. We understand there is some policy moves uplift there. That has -- can have impact on pricing, at the same time we may have an impact on access and volumes. And generally we benefit from expanding access and volumes. But we're not that dynamic that we're really in the crosshairs of. We would be a second or third derivative of how we might actually benefit from expansion of generics in that market. So those will be our thoughts.
Tom Joyce: Sure Tycho. We continue to have an ever improving cadence of new product introductions at Beckman. Hematology is going to a big step forward in that. It's been one of the areas that where we've had a challenge over years since we acquired the business. But we think we've stabilized that and really around the cusp of starting to improve our position there on a more material basis. If we look at what the flow of new products that are coming on the core clinical chemistry and immunoassay side, we feel very good about those products, particularly how they will enhance our competitiveness in low and mid-volumes environment, and we'll see those really over the next year to two years. Those will also come with enhanced menus as there have been a couple of menu gaps over time. Those are new products. Those new architectures will also bring along enhanced menus that will improve our competitiveness. So we feel very good about that. We've always led the way in larger volume environments, particularly with automation. We've even stepped up our automation gain recently with the introduction of the DxH line of automation equipment. And so, I think the combination of the products that have just come to the market more recently, the recent FDA approval, also our clearances, and those that are coming over the next year to two years, I think we feel very good about improving the trajectory of Beckman from a core growth perspective. And you see that in the numbers this quarter, saw the numbers last quarter. If you look at the overall diagnostic platform of which Beckman obviously is a big part, now putting up 6% core growth in the past. And in that 5% to 6% range now with little bit more consistency, we feel very good about that. And of course, that was against the very tough comp of a quarter ago. Relative to metrics that we track, we do track retention and win rates very carefully across our businesses, Beckman included. We don't publish those numbers. But I can tell you that we look at those numbers consistently every month and we see a continuing improving trend and have for some time now in both retention and win rates.
Tom Joyce: No. Well, we saw it in traffic, I mean, in Washington, out my window in Pennsylvania Avenue. Everybody loves being able to get to work a lot faster. But in all seriousness, no, we can't point to anything in the shutdown. That would be of any consequence at all. Of course, we don't -- we have -- to say almost zero. I tell you that almost zero revenue that actually is directly attached to federal government activity. At most we are linked to funding that comes from the federal government to NIH, and then out from NIH into the broader Life Science market. But in terms of any direct linkage to federal government spending, I would say, I would say none at all.
Tom Joyce: Yes. Well, there's a couple of factors going on there. You have, first of all, the FX and tariffs together. And so when you take those kind of things, you'd -- FX and tariffs alone would bring those otherwise negative OMX numbers up to, probably flat or maybe even a hair above that. And then there's a little bit of a mix component that was going on there. Obviously, Cepheid's operating leverage that we had last year coming off of greater than 40% core growth. And then add to that, Beckman DX improving the mid single-digits at somewhat lower margins, obviously, you get the combination of those two factors Cepheid against Beck DX. And then some targeted investment spend, no question we continue to ramp up our new product spending at Beck Dx, as well as Cepheid. So I think it's a really a combination of those things. But as we look forward, those, certainly, the FX and tariff headwinds will continue a little bit in Q2, but as you look into the second half of the year, we'll see better OMX in the second half, for sure.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Let's start with the overall market. In general, the life science end markets remain very good. And we put up 7% core growth across our life science businesses in Q1, so another really strong quarter. This is a fourth straight quarter of a high single-digit growth across our life science businesses. And we're making -- it happen organically through better innovation at each one of the businesses, more innovative new products launched on time, commercialized effectively, and some tremendous investments in taking our products to market in each one of the businesses. And that's, by the way without IDT being core. IDT goes core here in this quarter, and they're off to a terrific start and really beating our initial expectations. So I think the combination of our good execution in fundamentally solid end markets sets up really well for continued performance in life sciences. We continue to see good performance across the biopharma end market, our single use technologies. And the work that we're doing around continuous bioprocessing is garnered tremendous interest in the end marketing. And we're seeing sales continue to grow in those areas, but applied markets have been solid, academic and research has been solid, and even the smaller portions of sort of the industrially oriented life science market has been solid as well. Geographically, China, as you've heard me mentioned already, continuous strong U.S. a good quarter. And Europe, I would say is stable, but that the markets that we're watching closely. And it's held up so far. But there are always some concerns about what's going on in Europe at the moment. So we're watching that carefully. In terms of Pall going a little deeper there, we have very good visibility to the product development pipelines of both large and small pharma customers and biotechs. We continue to work those early stage opportunities well. And I think that's what bodes very well for continuing this high single-digit growth across Pall and the double-digit growth across our biotech business around SET, continuous bioprocessing. And really innovative products like the iCELLis bioreactor that I talked about in my prepared remarks. So overall, it's the -- that end markets good placed to be right now.
Tom Joyce: Sure. We're very encouraged, actually to see the better top line performance that we put up and the underlying market stabilization that that underpins some of that. But our performance we believe, beyond the market stabilization has really been driven by the new product innovation that we continue to invest in, as well as some of the investments around commercialization. Some of those investments are really specific to things like our clear aligner program and our intraoral scanner and a number of new products that I mentioned earlier around Nobel. And so these are -- we believe these are really important investments to be made strategically to set this business up for success. If we look at the quarter, we saw sellout continue to be pretty encouraging, and that's pretty broad based. Even more encouraging, I think around the traditional consumables and equipment, which had struggled in the past, and where we had adjusted inventories with the channel in the past. Now channel inventories are really in good shape. So I think we combined those investments with and improved cost structure that we worked so hard to establish. And you heard me talk about this before about how we rationalize the cost structure around the overall footprint of the business over the last three to four years. I think we'll continue to see some incremental improvements in the growth rates, and particularly in the second half around core operating margins. So I think, second straight quarter a solid low single-digit core growth and a little better than our expectations. And I think we're positioning the business well for later in the year.
Tom Joyce: I think you've got most of the facts. We did have a tough comp overall. We were high single-digits, in fact, in the first quarter, a year ago. And at this point, we're sort of coming off our fourth straight quarter, as you know, of high single-digit core growth. It was, as I mentioned, largely driven by pretty meaningful declines in clinical market, which is skewed towards North America. And that was up meaningfully in the first quarter of '18. So we can kind of do the direct comp to those to that particular -- our end markets. The other end markets are generally pretty solid. The farmer market really pretty good. If we look geographically, that market is pretty solid on a global basis. The applied markets are good. That's kind of a food testing oriented market. There's sort of a nascent market around cannabis testing where that we expect to grow over time, and the academic markets pretty good. So I think aside from that challenging comp around clinical, we feel pretty good about where we sit relative to those end markets. We have a broader footprint today with Phenomenex in separations consumables. That business was up mid single-digits. And our service business, which has always been an important part of both growth and margin expansion at SCIEX, continues to be good as well, generally tracking high single-digits to low single-digits. So we feel good about how that business is positioned despite that tough comp. And I think we'll see some improvement over time.
Tom Joyce: Sure, Dan. In terms of flow cytometry, the real strength of that business is around leukemia and lymphomas. And I think the combination of our historical technologies with the more breakthrough technologies that have been associated with our acquisition just a few years ago of Xitogen that is now led to the innovations embedded in our CytoFLEX product line. The combination of those strong application areas with more novel technologies have really helped to drive the flow cytometry business pretty consistently. It's been a key growth driver for Beck LS for a number of quarters. Centrifugation is a much more broadly defined set of applications. We play in a number of different segments from an end market perspective. And it was an architecture that's generally oriented towards higher volumes, certainly above the table top kinds of volumes. And, but I wouldn't attribute centrifugation purely to any particular end market. I think the team's done a nice job with innovation around centrifugation. They've done a nice job in terms of positioning their commercial organization more effectively in terms of being able to take those products to market more broadly across that fragmented end market. And I think those are the underlying sources of growth at Beck LS.
Tom Joyce: Yes. So if you think about Cepheid, excluding kind of flu in the high growth markets HBDC stuff, it was up double-digits.
Tom Joyce: Erin, I don't know that I would call this an inflection point. I think we've seen now over at least the last two, maybe even three quarters of progressing level of stabilization. And when we measure that stabilization in terms of some things that caused some disruption in the past, a series of adjustments in the channel relative to exclusive relationships between manufacturers and distributors, some disruption among some channel sales forces, some inventory bill that needed to be rectified, all of those things really over -- that was a really over a couple year period, I think, evolved to a point where we now have a much more stable end market. And we're seeing that both in terms of the alignment between our sell-in and sell-out through the channel, we look at it in terms of inventories, we look at it by category to see how the traditional consumables and equipment are trending versus the more specialized products. And so, in general, I would say the overall trend in the market today could certainly be called a far more stable than it was a year or two ago. In terms of the broader trends that are happening in the market, I would say continued move towards what would be broadly described as digital dentistry, the importance of imaging systems, and particularly -- and that's an area where our KaVo Kerr business is real leader in imaging technologies. And the linkage of those imaging technologies through software to treatment planning and treatment execution with important novel innovations happening in term, in the specialty areas, our implant business around Nobel continues to be a leader in those areas, where digital dentistry really matters, where imaging leads to treatment planning, leads to novel implant systems and procedures that end up with greater levels of patient satisfaction. And I think that's a broad based trend, not just in North America, but really on a global basis. I think the other thing that’s certainly noteworthy is the emerging middle class, and the importance of dentistry in our in high growth markets. China being one, we've talked a lot about being double digits. But we're going to see good growth across our Dental platform in a number of markets where an emerging middle class is putting greater demands on the practice of dentistry.  And then finally, around your question around the timeline of the spin, we remain focused on the timeline as we've laid it out, which is to affect that spin late this year. The intention is to launch an IPO of that business. And that was largely be a business that would probably put 19.9% of that -- of that equity into the market. And we would retain of the balance that for a period of time. And so there's been no change to those plans.
Tom Joyce: To cut right to a simple answer to your question about, are we incrementally concerned about something around the dynamics that you just mentioned. The answer would be no. Yes, there are lots of things being bandied about around healthcare and reimbursement today and the Affordable Care Act, those at the moment are not having any material impact on us whatsoever, or immaterial impact. PAMA, we’ve seen occasional impacts of that. But then again, price pressures are our standard operating procedure in the diagnostic markets. I think, Erin, probably you step back from our business for a moment, and you think about what we do in diagnostics, providing diagnostic capabilities to hospitals in the central laboratory, in anatomical pathology, in acute care, in the emergency room, in molecular diagnostics for acutely ill patients around infectious disease. Diagnostics today represents about 2% of costs of healthcare broadly defined. And yet it informs well north of 60% of the decisions that are ultimately made in healthcare today. So we play a vital role in the overall market, but are relatively small portion of the overall cost structure. And while the factors that you mentioned are very important for us to attend to keep in mind, and be aware of any potential impacts. Today there hasn't been any meaningful change in any of those in the recent quarter.
Tom Joyce: I think pretty solid, as I mentioned, second straight quarter of low single-digit growth across the platform. So we feel pretty good about all of that. The orthodontics business was up mid single-digits. And we see really good performance across those businesses. Nobel was up low single-digits, but on a tougher Q1 comp, but still mid single-digits on a 2-year stack basis, and generally in line with what we've seen the last couple of years. I think in both of these cases, around specialty consumables, we're making significant investments in new product innovation. Obviously, around clear liners and then the digital support through intraoral scanners that will really make a difference in our orthodontics business over time. We have new Damon level, Damon line products that have been introduced into the market as well. And then at Nobel, these new surface technologies are exciting new technologies that are going to make a difference over time. And so, I think today those businesses are tracking reasonably well, but we're really encouraged by the new product innovations that are coming out in both of them. North American traditional consumables and equipment remain good, low single-digit growth with a reasonably stable market. The imaging business, as the trends are good. We're seeing mid single-digit growth around imaging. And when we look at sell-out, the sell-out looks pretty solid. So we're continuing to manage sell-in to make sure the channel inventories are in line. So we don't have that kind of disruption in the future. And I think, overall, we feel pretty good about where the Dental platform fits today.
Tom Joyce: Our team has spent expensive time with customers. We obviously share quite a number of customers. And we also the opportunity in situations where we don't share customers to potentially bring a broader portfolio of solutions to that end market. I was actually, as I mentioned earlier in my comment, I was actually in China last week or two weeks ago, and actually met with the -- one of the key customers in the end market. And I think they represent sort of broadly a view across that market of real enthusiasm. GE does a tremendous job in the China market as does our Pall business. And I think the opportunities that those end customers see today are for really innovative solutions where we can bring a broader perspective to the overall bioproduction workflow, and work collaboratively with them to ensure that we meet not only their needs of today, but the needs that they'll have as their capacity expands over time. And as they evolve their processes, more towards single use technologies and more towards continuous bioprocessing capabilities. They see the combination of the broad set of tools that we bring at Danaher not just associated with Pall, but across the broader portfolio, and then inclusive of GE is being something really exciting.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Daniel. It's almost hard to choose because when we think about the investments that are being made in China, in diagnostics, in life sciences, and in and around the environment, along with the dynamics, I just mentioned, a couple of minutes ago, around an evolving middle class and the needs for advanced dentistry, there are important secular drivers in really, I would say, all four of those markets that I just mentioned. And I think we feel that our leadership position in each one of those markets has served us well in the past. We continue to enhance that those leadership positions with innovative products, some of which are designed in China, and many of which are made in China for the Chinese market, combined with continued investments in feet on the street and end market facing associates who are continually looking for new and novel solutions to drive innovation for customers. Those are just great end markets to be in. So I'm not sure, I'd necessarily differentiate a great deal between the diagnostics life sciences, the environmental and the Dental end markets, because I think they all represent important secular drivers that will benefit we have benefited from in the past, and we benefit from in the future.
Matt McGrew: Yes. And Tycho, besides your earlier question on the diagnostics, we clearly are not seeing bad dynamic from the destocking perspective either.
Matt McGrew: No. I think your frame of kind of talking about kind of got the -- for the full year, the change being kind of $0.09 of dilution from the equity offering, kind of offset by that $0.04 beat. And that $0.04 beat is very operational, was pretty broad across most of our segments, I think came in better than we thought here. So, yes, that $0.05 reduction, I think is the way to think about it is that it's $0.09 of dilution offset by $0.04 operational beat here in the quarter. Yes, kind of results if you take a step back, and we kind of look at it, we're going to have EPS growth here for the full year, call it 6%, 7% now. And effectively, we've got all the dilution from the equity issuance kind of behind us as we get into the second quarter.
Matt McGrew: No, I mean, I think like you said, we're very encouraged by Q1. The underlying market does remain good. I don't think we would dispute that. But kind of that being said, like we've talked about before, we are -- as you mentioned we are three months, and we typically like to kind of get through the second quarter here. We'll kind of comeback folks in July. Talk to the second half of the full year. We'll kind of update everybody there. We've done that last couple of years, and that's worked out well. So clearly, we feel good about where we're at. But we're going to kind of do that again and we update everybody in July here.
Matt McGrew: Yes, Doug, we're like Tom just said, and we are kind of expecting here kind of mid single-digit for the second quarter and the balance of the year here from an outlook perspective.
Matt McGrew: Yes, that's -- I was going to say general kind of in that range for the last four or five quarters. I'm not sure that we've got anything intentional that is driving that in Dental. So that seems to kind of be the runway of where they operate here today. So I'm not sure there's kind of an inflection or change that's necessarily being planned for Dental. As far as EAS goes, yes, they do a very nice job in pricing. I think it's -- both of those businesses have been around a little bit longer than some of our other businesses. And we talked about kind of some of the things that they're able to do and passing through some of the prices that they get. So I'm not sure there's anything from a trend perspective there that will change either. I think we've seen price there in that range for the last four or five quarters. I'm not sure a whole lot that was new here in the quarter from price perspective.
