Rainer Blair: Thanks Mike. Look, I mean, I think the way we see it is the only way. What level set on 2022 here where in the COVID business we see revenues going from 2021, $2 billion to 2022, $1 billion? The non-COVID business as you suggested has accelerated here as customers are moving to non-COVID modalities and all sorts of them very broad based and of course on the margin price-ends up helping that as well. So we would expect certainly for 2023 to continue to see elevated levels of non-COVID activity probably above the low-double-digits that we have seen historically too early to say if it stays up over 20%, but certainly elevated in 2023 versus what it's been historically.
Rainer Blair: So we have very, very close relationships as a result of what we've just all passed through here in the last 18 months. With all of our customers we conduct regular surveys and while there is the one or the other customer that has canceled the large project, which by the way is not that unusual right in this business project sometimes fail even in late stage clinical trials, I would say generally speaking, we see healthy inventories across the sector and don't see any major pockets of build-up.
Rainer Blair: Yes. I mean, I think certainly Q2 is helpful, right? I mean, if you think about sort of where we ended up in the feed that gave us a lot of latitude to offset some of the FX headwinds, but I think if you think about what we're seeing in the businesses pricing is holding in very well kind of couple hundred basis points better than we did here in Q1. You look at the supply chain; I think we've done a really good job of managing that plus driving the pricing. So if you think about where we're at from a price cost perspective we like – we like where we're at. I mean, each of our segments was positive on the margin side here during the quarter. So I do think that as we sort of go forward that we've got – we've got our arms around the price cost and we feel pretty good.
Rainer Blair: No, I think we feel continue to be really comfortable with our full year guide here. We've talked about the base business being high-single-digit here for some time. And we saw that play out here throughout the quarters. And we don't see any reason whether that is demand and the orders development or the backlog position that would give us pause as it relates to the high-single-digit base business guide that we have. Now as we talk about COVID testing I think you as many and all of us continue to do our best in terms of forecasting, what might be happening and testing at any given moment. But as we go forward with testing I think our perspective that Q3 in particular is sort of the slowest respiratory testing quarter of the year, is important to note. And then of course, as you go into Q4 respiratory season picks up again, and so we would expect to see that as well. And as I talked about there in my prepared remarks, we took up that that COVID testing number to about $2.5 billion here from around $2.2 billion. So we would also say it's important to think about China here. China recovered very well for us here in the second quarter after an unexpectedly long shutdown and we continue even today to see these sort of more limited spot shutdowns throughout the country. So we continue to watch that, but fundamentally expect the second half in China to be more constructive than it was here in the second quarter.
Rainer Blair: So I would tell you, it really does vary around the businesses. Absolutely we have contracts out there that have notification periods. Those notification periods and the way we manage contracts with nearly 100% visibility to when we can proactively move those prices is a big part of our pricing standard work. And in all businesses, including diagnostics we have been able to move pricing in the right direction, talked about the 400 basis points here in Q3. And as we think about sort of the second half, the first half between first quarter, second quarter was about 300 basis points let's call it. And that's a good – that's a good placeholder here, I think for the second half as well. Now, as you come to some businesses where contract terms are longer, let's say as a result of freights and other types of inflationary pressures, we are able to talk about other types of fees and up charges that are not directly related to price and that ends up providing us with the requisite uplift as well.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Dan, first of all I think you hit it on the head. We are a very different company today than we were in 2009, and some of that you already saw in 2020 where even as the country and the world shutdown, we only had one negative quarter and ended up being obviously very positive for the year even in 2020. But let's talk about, why here first? I mean, the portfolio transformation that was purpose driven has made Danaher far more resilient today than ever before. And let's talk – let's tease out why that is. I mean, first of all, over 40% of our portfolio – well, over 40% is in biopharma, genomics, molecular diagnostics, and all of these are supported by very, very strong secular growth drivers. And you heard me talk about those in the prepared remarks with a number of therapeutic projects that are in the, in the pipeline that drive so much value creation and activity in our industry. We also see population increases access to medical care increasing. So when we think about patient volumes around the world, we see those continuing to increase. So also from a diagnostic perspective, we're very well positioned. You think about EAS, the positioning there is water is becoming scarcer, unfortunately more polluted and requires more testing. The food supply is under pressure and so PID is very much involved in these kind of macro drivers as well. So we feel that from a portfolio perspective it's nearly purpose built for the world that we're in and the pressures that we live under. Now, you add to that 70% of our revenues or I should say over 75% of our revenues are recurring. And most of those are captive, meaning they're specked in or they're specific to our equipment and instruments along with these super durable business models, razor – razor blade and high service levels. So that's a very different kind of business that once again, I'd say it's purpose built for these type of things. Now you add to that our scale and our DBS led execution where even in tough and choppy times we're able to focus on what matters, which is our customers and execute in that environment. On top of the strength of our balance sheet we actually see these challenging macro environments as opportunities. So rather than battening down hatches here and having our head down, we're focused on executing continuously improving and taking advantage of the opportunities that the crisis can offer us. And so, as you think about our balance sheet position today, less than 2x net debt-to-EBITDA we're well positioned there for sure. And so looking ahead should a recession be there, or should the times get choppier? We're looking to get to the other side of that even stronger than we would enter that. Now, as we think about our 2023 guide, which I think, is what part of your question was trying to tease out, we feel good about our mid-single digit plus positioning there where for, for the long term, which we have talked about in a number of occasions. And when you unpack that a little bit, we see bioprocessing could be up high single digit and that's consistent with what we've spoken of. And as you look at bioprocessing, there we continue to think that the non-COVID business is going to be growing very strong. You saw what we're doing here in the second half of the year with growth rates, well, over 20% in non-COVID, and then we've also, de-risked the discussion here relating COVID related therapeutics and vaccines. We see $1 billion of revenue in 2022, and that's down from $2 billion in 2021. And we'd probably say $500 million for 2023. So 2021, $2 billion, 2022, $1 billion and 2023 $500 million for COVID-related vaccine. And having said all that, we still see our biotechnology business growing at high single digits. And that leads you then with COVID testing. And we've talked about that at length. We speak to our customers about that. They still think that COVID goes endemic at the end of 2023, beginning of 2024. And we still think our framework of about $1.2 billion of COVID testing revenue in 2023, which is roughly around 30 million tests, is the right way to think about it. So when you put all that together we feel very good about the way we're positioned here from a core growth perspective, think mid-single digit plus on the base business. And then, from a COVID headwind perspective, think low-single, mid-single headwind overall giving you a solid low single digit 2023.
Rainer Blair: For a normal year, we would see China in the low double digits, low teen kind of growth. We'd say for the full year, this year in view of what we've seen in the first half, high single digits is the way to think about China, which we consider to be strong growth in view of some of the macro challenges that China is facing today.
Rainer Blair: So just to repeat here, Jack, for everybody 2021, $2 billion of revenue, 2022, $1 billion of COVID-related vaccine and therapeutic revenue, I think, it's fair to say that that trails off here towards the second half of the year, getting you to for that 2023 run rate that I talked about we're $500 million for the year. So some of this stuff is lumpy. So it can go back and forth in a quarter, but that's the general downdraft.
Rainer Blair: In terms of boosters and annual shots, look as you know the public health official discussion there continues. Our belief is that it is likely that there is going to be a regular vaccination schedule. It remains to be seen what the uptake of that vaccination will be. But if it is on the order of what flu vaccination is in the country, the kind of numbers that we talked about for 2023 perhaps a little bit less much longer term is probably the order of magnitude in an endemic vaccination regime.
Rainer Blair: Well, first and foremost, this is about a team stepping up to the plate and executing. Our associates were ahead of the game, proactively working with the various levels of government, municipal, province and then sometimes even national to ensure that we got the necessary approvals very, very quickly in order to be able to open up our facilities again. At the same time our supply chain associates were prepared ahead of the game understanding what it would take to make a quarter, the raw materials that needed to be available, the shift size that needed to be available and the number of shipment hours that they had in order to work through it. And then we have to say our manufacturing associates literally lived in the plants, literally lived in the plants. We built showers, they had cots, we had food and clothing brought in as well as the necessary services to what needed to come back out in order to facilitate what is nothing but extraordinary execution with the highest level of commitment. And as you think about that whether it's instruments or whether it is consumables, it was across the board, those things that were manufactured locally, I just talked about those people in the plants, but also those things that were imported and had the risk of being stuck in the ports as you know, you sort of unwound the congestion associated with the shutdown. Our people were at the front of the line, making sure that our goods got in first and got to the customers were installed, were signed off and are in use today.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Rachel. Rachel, as you just suggested the majority of these biotech’s are either preclinical or in the very early stages of clinical. And it's really important to note that our business is driven by what's happening in Phase 3 and ultimately commercialized drugs. Over 75% of our business is in that later stage. And so then as you go upstream from that that has less of an impact. And now getting specifically to your point, we really haven't seen much of an impact of the biotech funding crunch here affecting the customer activity levels that we have. And frankly, we do look at these biotech’s and the proposals that they are pursuing whether there is proof-of-concept and data. And our sense is that the good projects, and where the data is solid and convincing, and proof-of-concept is given, they are continuing to attract funding. So we think that today's cash positions in the biotech’s, the quality of the projects that they are presuming as well as the funding environment still providing funding to those that are able to provide data continues to be quite positive and is not impacting our business. Now, of course, to your longer term question, we just have to see that the biotech area is a cauldron of innovation. That's where the risks are taken. That's where the out of the box thinking oftentimes occurs. And that's where the Genentechs and the Amgens and others started and many more that are huge public companies today. So, we of course longer term will want to see that the funding continues to support that kind of innovation environment. But today are not concerned about what we see here for the next call it 18, 24 months.
Rainer Blair: Well, the 52-week high has not moved out of the window entirely. But I do think it's fair to say that people are understanding that we're entering into a new environment here that there's a change of the cycle here. We see COVID tailwinds dissipating, many were riding that wave. Higher interest rates are real for everyone. And then of course, these foreign exchange rate issues that Matt was talking about and inflation are real too. So I think that changed macro and the reality of valuations is starting to seep in to the boardroom discussions. But it's still early days. And we continue to watch that we're of course engaged, our funnels are very healthy and as always we are looking for those opportunities that align with our strategy and end market focus, as well as then, of course, premier assets in that particular area, along with the right valuation. So if you noted our balance sheet we're primed here and look at the market with opportunity.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Gretchen. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We will be around all day for follow-ups. Bye.
Matt McGrew: Yes. So, I mean, maybe just – let me just be clear. We reiterate kind of what we said for the full year. I can give you a little bit of color on Q3, hopefully that sort of gets you where you need to be. I think, so let me recap what we said in the prepared remarks. Like Rainer just said, we reaffirmed high-single-digit core growth in the base business and overall kind of mid-single-digit core growth inclusive of test. Like we talked about a little bit earlier Q2, our performance gave us the ability to fully offset all over the second half FX headwinds. So you'll see that in sort of the margins. 400 million of incremental FX here since April talking about 1.3 billion, almost 5% for the full year from a revenue perspective, so no doubt for the second half will have. That FX will have an impact worse than it even did in the first half. But despite that additional FX headwind, we expect to be at the high-end of the range that we talked about earlier of 20% to 25% from a fall through perspective. So, I mean, just kind of give you that color of where we think we'll be here in the second half inclusive of FX headwind. And then for Q3, revenue is going to be down $200 million year-over-year, and that is all due to FX headwinds. So if you think about it, we're going to have, call it $400 million of FX headwinds, couple hundred million of core growth and acquisitions, but net-net we're going to be negative here in the year. And from a – I realize from a modeling perspective, it sort of fall through in a negative environment isn't all that meaningful. So I think maybe the easier way to think about where we're thinking about for Q3 is we're expecting our EBITDA margins to be about 30% in the quarter. And so hopefully with that, and then the full year frame, right on 20% to 25% you can kind of – it frames a little bit of what we're thinking about for sort of the back half from a margin perspective. Hopefully that's helpful.
Matt McGrew: Yes. I think barring any additional FX headwinds or something who knows what could happen out there these days, but barring anything else, barring FX or some sort of other macro event, yes, I think that's right 35% to 40% on our base business is a good way to think about margins as we head into 2023. We've talked about in the past how our margin profile has rerated from 30% to 35% to 35% to 40%, and there's no change to that.
Matt McGrew: No, I think it's more the former, I mean it's really what we're seeing now Scott is just – it's not just the Euro, right? I mean, I think that's, that's kind of the key. Yes, that's the one that gets a lot of the headlines with sort of going to parody, but we really are seeing a breadth of FX headwinds globally that is sort of impacting things as we think about Latin America, as we think about Southeast Asia, we think about even China. It's starting to hit us in places where we just we don't have a cost base but we've got some revenues and that's a little bit different than maybe in the past where it was a little bit more Eurocentric for us. It's just really the breadth of the FX headwinds that I think have been sort of quite – it's quite surprising frankly, but that's what we've been seeing here in the first half
Matt McGrew: Maybe just to put some numbers to it, I'd say it's called a little over 500 in the first half, and then little around 400 or so a little under, in the second half, you can see that sort of the magnitude as the drop get to the $1 billion.
Matt McGrew: Yes, so as we think about – this quarter was you're right it was closer to fifty-fifty. As we sort of think about Q3 what we are sort of hearing, we think that it's going to look a little bit more like the mix we saw Q3 of last year, which was 80% COVID only, 20% four-in-one. So on that, on our 325 million call it 8 million tests or so that we think we do think it'll be kind of skewed a little bit more like it was last year. So like Rainer said too, just to give you some context, I mean, Q3 has historically been the slowest respiratory quarter of the year. And as we sort of talk to our customers, I think, that their expectation as well as we get into the summer here it does typically become sort of the slowest time and then picks back up in the winter. As we get into Q4, I would say that that mix assumption will be more like the fifty-fifty that we saw here and that we saw last winter as well. So I think if you think about Q4, we're talking about $525 million of revenue, maybe 11 million tests or something along those lines in a split of fifty-fifty.
Matt McGrew: Yes, sure. I mean, I think, maybe just kind of, like you said, get everybody grounded that, that low single is overall the base business we think would be mid-single digit plus and the COVID headwinds which are all testing at this point would be sort of down low- to mid-single to get to a low single overall. And so, as I think about my 2023 margin profile, like I said before, it's difficult right now, given how dynamic things are, especially with the FX, and inflation and supply chains. But I think where we are from an execution perspective here in the quarter where we think we'll be, if we don't have any we might have some FX headwinds, but let's see where that ends up. But if we don't have any extra new headwinds that show up, I just think the normal VCM of 35% to 40% is the place to be. I mean, the COVID testing like you've seen, I mean, it's more or less at the fleet average, we've talked about how we sort of intentionally did that. We price it exactly the same as we price flu. So it's not as if it has a huge outsized necessarily impact. So I still think the right place to be from a margin perspective is that fall through of 35%, 40% on those single digits. But I think given that we're going to grow that base business mid-single digit plus, with that sort of fall through, I still think you would see even in that low-single digit environment, I still think we drive EPS growth.
