H. Lawrence Culp: Steve, I think the guidance that we just shared you would assume mid-single-digit core growth, call it 4%, 5%.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think we'll speak to the top line outlook for 2012 when we get everybody together in December. We've just literally kicked off our budgeting process, having wrapped up our annual strategic reviews with the businesses. Steve, I would say that first off, we come to the fourth quarter restructuring with a view that it's always time to take out costs that you don't need. I think we're pleased with the performance thus far. I think -- and the momentum we have going in the fourth quarter, that gives us the opportunity and ability to go after the programs inherent in the $100 million of spend. So that's going to be split roughly 50-50 between the U.S. and Europe. Dental's going to get a big chunk of that, as well the Industrial businesses, both at motion and PID as well as in T&M. So it's a broad-based effort, both by business and by geography, I think, very characteristic of the way we always operate. Clearly, we're seeing some moderation in the economy. We all read the headlines. It certainly is prudent at any time in the cycle. But I think our view is, particularly so right now given the uncertainties around 2012, better to be prepared and ready for what may come than to postpone what we think is a very prudent action here.
H. Lawrence Culp: Steve, I would say that if you look at the third quarter, I think what we were particularly pleased with is that it was steady pretty much start to finish in that regard. We didn't see a dramatic tail off in September in the -- with all the headlines out there and whatnot. Clearly, we had some businesses that had, I think, just gangbuster quarters. AB SCIEX being one, ChemTreat another, looks like PID did well here again. But clearly, I think what we saw in the businesses works [ph] pretty well with what others are saying. You mentioned one competitor in Europe here this morning, I think the last several weeks in the papers relative to China still growing nicely, but at a slower rate. We clearly saw certain of our technology end markets that we serve both at motion and Tektronix soften up a bit. And I'd say in the industrial world, particularly with some of our OEM exposure at Kollmorgen, softened up. Now there's some overlap there between both China, frankly, and some of the end markets, but those are probably the 3 pools with some overlap where we saw slowing through the quarter.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, when we say technology end markets, we'll feel some of that at Tektronix and we'll feel some of that particularly at Kollmorgen where we serve those end markets from the OEM side, not the test bench side as we do at Tektronix.
H. Lawrence Culp: Scott, I would say that 3 months in here, we've been pleased by the absence of surprises on both sides of the ledger. I'd say at 90 days in, we're very pleased with the performance of the business. I think the integration has gone very well. And we're really having, I think, significant impact on the way we run the business. You look at just the third quarter performance, top line very much in line with expectations, so no surprise there. Margins came in a little bit better than we expected. They were up about 100 basis points sequentially. Some of that is the faster traction I think we've gotten on the headcount reductions. A little bit more disciplined on the G&A spend. And on the cash flow side, we said we'd get after working cap and CapEx. That's happening, so good early results in that regard. I think with respect to the integration, that is going well. We had an excellent reception there throughout the organization, and they are rapidly adopting DBS. I think we've kind of split the company largely into 3 discrete businesses: The diagnostics business being one, the molecular effort being a second and the life science area being a third. The public company costs are out now. Tom Joyce, one of EVPs, has got overall leadership and partnership with Bob Hurley there, so that is setup, I think, just as we had intended. From a talent perspective, there's a lot of good talent there. We knew that to be true and they're showing us their capability. We put in now 10 full-time Danaher folks in senior roles, including the CFO spot, the head of operations, the head of service and as well as the head of marketing in addition to a chief transition officer. We've actually been pleased with the response we've gotten inside the industry. We're getting a lot of inbound inquiries about folks wanting to join the team, and we're pleased to recently announce a new head of U.S. sales who is an outstanding industry veteran. DBS team, fully deployed there with probably about 25 full-time equivalents working with the Beckman team to get DBS laid in. In terms of the way the business is changing its day-to-day cadence and rhythm, I think if you look quality, you look at growth, you look at costs, again real good progress here. I mean, obviously, quality is job one. We're being very aggressive in this regard. A lot of work to do and I think you see some of the early signs perhaps primarily where we're getting after some of the customer-facing issues. We got the sodium issue behind us now, that's closed out. I think we're progressing well with glucose and troponin. Obviously, we've gone public now with a new submission timetable for the troponin assay, looking at our first quarter 2012 filing. Feel like that's a prudent -- it's a marked timetable that we'll deliver on. Lots of work internally on quality. But as we continue to look at that work plan in the wake of a warning letter that we got out at Brea, I think we feel like we're working on the right things and making progress. Clearly, from a growth perspective, getting sodium behind us helps. Getting a 510(k) approval for lactate, I think, helps demonstrate to customers that we're making good headway here. You look at retention rates, they've been steady the last couple of quarters. We are winning in competitive situations as well. So I think that while we've got clearly some headwinds in front of us relative to the top line this year and next, there's no reason to think this isn't a mid-single-digit grower at least for us and that's before the molecular contributions kick in. And on the cost side, as you, I'm sure, pick up in the margins, we're more than 3 quarters of the way through the 1,000-person headcount reduction that we had laid out early on. That's helping us in a whole host of ways beyond just the P&L. And again continue to feel very, very comfortable about our ability to take at least $0.25 billion out of the overall cost structure. So again lots to do. Sorry to run on here a bit, but I think we're excited about the opportunity, and we'd make the same decision given the opportunity today.
H. Lawrence Culp: No, no. I think on the contrary, Nigel, I think if you look at mid-single digit 4% to 5% fourth quarter, I think we're going to have 4 of the 5 segments very much in that zone. I think what we would expect is, as I think Dan just alluded to, Environmental, Dental and Life Sciences & Diagnostics to be fairly steady. We are seeing a little bit of pressure in motion and in Industrial, but I think all 4 of those are going to be in the zone. T&M's probably the outlier. They'll probably be in that low single-digit band, largely because of the timing on some of that TEK Comms projects. We are seeing again some slowing in the technology end markets and in China at Tektronix on the core instruments side of the business, but to have T&M as the outlier there is largely going to be a function of the timing at TEK Comms. Elsewhere in distribution, at Fluke for example, they continue to do very well.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. Well, keep in mind, Jon, we're lapping the launch. We really began to ship that product in earnest in the fourth quarter of last year, but -- in fact, I was up in Toronto with the team yesterday and they've come a long way in really just a 1.5 years. I think if we look at just Life Sciences & Diagnostics more broadly, it's important to keep in mind that pro forma with Beckman, that's about $6.5 billion segment for us, right? About 25% of that is geared toward research applications. And of that, call it $1.6 billion, just under $1 billion is probably what we would frame as kind of classic academic research, government-funded sort of activity. I think if you look at size as well as some of the other businesses, be it Leica, be it Beckman, they're certainly seeing some pressure this year really as they try to comp the U.S. stimulus from a year ago. But I think, by and large, they are certainly reading all the negative outlooks that are out there, but are of the view that you if go back to say '06 to '08, when at least in the U.S. we saw flat funding, we were able to grow at a double-digit rate really by focusing on where innovation was occurring and in turn where money was being spent. So I think if you look at some of the correlation studies in microscopy, obviously stem cell, ultra high solution for Leica, for example, there are just a number of different ways in which the businesses, I think, are positioned to not be wholly dependent on the top line budget trends. And you have some dynamics -- we were talking with the SCIEX team yesterday, for example, about what's happening in Germany. Obviously, a lot still to be sorted out, but you have some countries that are decidedly taking a pro-investment stance, particularly with respect to scientific research and innovation. Well-positioned in those countries, well-positioned around those applications. So I think all in, that hopefully frames the exposure that we have, but also provides a little bit of color as to why we're going in with, I think, optimism to whatever the funding environment may be in '12 and '13 in Life Sciences.
H. Lawrence Culp: John, I think that we certainly grew at a lower rate in the third quarter than we did the first half. So I think we certainly saw the government's actions or whatever else is happening there. I think for us that was principally in some of the technology end markets that we serve, many of which that have obviously migrated heavily to China the last several years. We also had -- and again we have that exposure at Tektronix and Kollmorgen, principally. I'd say we also saw some of the municipal pressure that we've talked about through the year. They're just getting off to a very slow start in this regard relative to the 12th 5-year plan. But in that regard, we saw some, frankly, some encouraging signs. We also have some exposure primarily at Kollmorgen to some of the clean tech efforts that the government has put in place, and we saw those OEM customers slow considerably during the course of the quarter. So still, one of the best growth markets we've got. We've got excellent competitive positions there, but it is what it is. And again I think that, as you alluded to, the government is trying to manage a number of different competing objectives there. But I think long term, we want to be there to see these leadership positions continue to grow, and that's what we're going to do.
H. Lawrence Culp: John, I don't think we're going to change our top line outlook for Beckman today. We said that, I think, from the outset that this year and next would be challenging top line, given the issues we were inheriting and that a flattish performance is what we're expecting. And in turn, you should expect. So far we're in line with those expectations and really no reason to alter that course today.
H. Lawrence Culp: No, Beckman China is a high-performing business, a real growth catalyst for the company. And they continue to be, I think, very well-positioned in obviously an exceptionally important market.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, certainly you bring on a $4 billion book of business that's 75% in the aftermarket, that creates a lot more ballast in the hull here if tough times are ahead. But I don't think that we would see anything like an '08, '09 collapse of the economy as we all saw just a few years ago. But I think your frame, John, is a good one, relative to the playbook that we intend to use going into next year. I mean regardless of what the macro scene ultimately is, I think you're going to see us continue to be aggressive in and around our investments to grab share, and that's both investments in technology and sales and marketing. I think you will continue to see us be equally aggressive on the cost side of things. You see that partially in the $100 million spend here in the fourth quarter. Obviously, as Dan just highlighted, we're spending almost that much at Beckman this year to get that cost structure straight. And that just gives us both, I think, earnings protection, as well as frankly latitude to invest in growth -- organic growth at a time when others won't. You couple that with the, I think, positioning we're going to have both strategically, operationally and financially to be an active acquirer at a time when, all things being equal, our valuations are probably more reasonable and attractive for a strategic acquirer. I think that means we're set up for 2012. And again our crystal ball is no better than anyone else's, but I think that playbook, very similar to the playbook we had a couple of years ago, but modified given again we don't expect to see that sort of paralysis next year is going to serve us very well.
H. Lawrence Culp: John, we would never wish for a downturn, but if you go back to '08, '09, go back to '01, '02 in an odd way perhaps they have served us well.
H. Lawrence Culp: Steve, I think what we've said in the past is obviously we've got our hands full at Beckman Coulter. Again pleased with where we are 90 days in. But investors should expect us, all things being equal, to deploy that capital elsewhere in the portfolio. And if you look at T&M, you look at Environmental, a couple of things in Industrial, could be interesting particularly around product ID. I think that Dan and I this morning don't talk about that $4 billion to $5 billion envelope without conviction that those opportunities exist. We can get at those investments in ways that I think will generate real returns for shareholders. So I don't think there's any change in that regard. And again as I think Dan alluded to, the better valuations in the industrial world, at least today and going forward, than maybe we'd seen in the last couple of years are certainly conducive to the effort that we intend to lay in T&M, Environmental and Industrial.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes, I think that Dental, again a hyper fragmented market by and large. Don't be surprised if we do small thing here or there, but in terms of big bets, I think they're going to be elsewhere.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I mean from an organizational perspective, obviously, we have the remaining quarter for 250 people that we need to transition or will be transitioning out here in the fourth quarter. So obviously, a new structure. You have a reconstituted leadership team with Beckman veterans and some Danaher folks and again with some industry experience being brought in as well. Obviously, with nearly 10% of the headcount reduced, that changes a lot in the organization. So I think what you're going to see -- well, you're not going to see a lot of this. It will be happening inside the business. That new structure, that new leadership team, the new organization is really going to begin to again work more like a Danaher business than perhaps they have in the past. To Scott's question earlier, I alluded to some the progress that we're making with respect to quantity and growth, very much the focus here. And that's just daily work. That's what we do in transforming and building businesses. We're thrilled with the progress. Obviously from a quality perspective, there will be some things that you'll be able to see from the outside in terms of some of these public customer-facing issues. Again I mentioned some of the product recalls that have been widely publicized. We've got one of those behind us. We're making good progress on the other 2 and are obviously keen to have all 3 remediated in the not-too-distant future. Obviously, there's a lot more to the quantity challenge at Beckman. I think that presented itself in the warning letter. But again to reiterate, we really didn't find that there was new news in the wake of that FDA audit. The work that the company had disclosed previously, the progress that they've made, all of that combined, I think gives us a conviction that we will not only fix the issues of the past, but ultimately make quality a competitive advantage for Beckman Coulter.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, clearly, we've talked about dental in the past as a business that ought to be a 15% to 20% segment OP performer, very much in line with some of the other segments. Shannon, it's a long list of different items that constitute what they'll do here in the fourth quarter. There will be, obviously, as Dan was alluding to earlier, some structural costs that comes out. That will be fairly well balanced between what we do here and what we do in Europe. And as we go through the quarter, I think we'll be able to give you a little bit more color as to some of the specifics. But again pleased with what they've done this year, certainly you saw that present itself in the third quarter. And we continue to have tremendous conviction that the Dental segment can and will be an in-line contributor at Danaher.
H. Lawrence Culp: Jeff, it was again basically a flattish performance at Beckman on the top line. And I would characterize that as fairly well balanced between the split between the 2.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes, I think if you look across where we have that muni exposure, it's been steady in both places. I think as we -- and we're certainly having a very good year at Trojan in that regard, I think on both sides of the Atlantic, again very much in line with the headlines. The teams are maybe a bit cautious thinking about next year, particularly with some of the bigger ticket products. But be it on the drinking water side or on the wastewater side, I think we saw good growth here in the third quarter, expect to do same in the fourth quarter and see no reason why that -- I was going to say same in that [ph] platform isn't a grower for us next year.
H. Lawrence Culp: And the signs in China again are encouraging as we get towards the end of the year here, that is, slow start to this new 5-year plan is perhaps fading a bit on us, which will be welcome.
H. Lawrence Culp: I have heard that from a number of people who have, I think, thoughtful perspective on China. The exact timing and the magnitude is a bit perhaps a bit of a guessing game. But yes, I have heard that.
H. Lawrence Culp: Dean, as you just highlighted, we see a breadth of opportunities both on our Tektronix Communications and our Fluke Networks and Arbor brands that plug in to both the physical security challenges that are out there for network operators, both on the enterprise and the carrier -- more on the enterprise side. But also in terms of some of these so-called hacking or cyber security threats. Clearly, we acquired Arbor for TEK Communications to give them an outstanding position in that application with the carriers. That business has been probably one of the top 3 growers for Danaher this year. They continue to be just choc-full of opportunity in their sales funnel and we expect them to have a very strong run here going forward. That's not the only play in and around TEK Communications. Obviously, much of what we do in the network management space is akin to what Arbor does most directly as networks tackle the challenge not only of growth, but security. Clearly, part of what we've done at Fluke Networks, particularly with a recent acquisition called AirMagnet, it improved our wireless test capability with again a strong slant there with respect to enterprise security. So that's a very hot topic that courses through all the businesses. So whether we're talking about the carriers, whether we're talking about corporate IT, we think we're well-positioned and the good growth we've seen this year is in no small part because of that exposure to cyber security broadly defined.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, Dean, as you well know and this is a rapidly evolving space, I think we really like not only what we have today, but the R&D capabilities we have in those businesses. So it's hard for me to say that we have everything we need for all time given that we'll certainly be relying largely on our organic bets, but I wouldn't be surprised and you shouldn't either if you see us make some other inorganic bets to complement what we have currently going forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: I wouldn't say we've seen any marked change there over the last 90 days, Dean. They are exceptionally busy as you can imagine given the wireless growth and the challenges that they help carriers tackle. It can be, at times, a bit of a lumpy business, but they came into the third quarter thinking they were going to have a good quarter. They had a very good quarter given the urgency certain customers had around installations. That will soften them up a bit here in the fourth quarter. But I think if you look long term, that part of TEK Communications, really perhaps in many respects the unsung hero in the Tektronix acquisition, should continue to be a strong growth contributor to Danaher.
Daniel L. Comas: Yes, Scott, the $100 million is all outside of Beckman. So in Q3, we spent about $50 million of restructuring on Beckman. We'll probably spend another $25 million, maybe north of $25 million on Beckman here in Q4. So our total restructuring will be probably north of $125 million in the fourth quarter.
Daniel L. Comas: The $100 million is in all 5 segments. The 3 segments that are probably getting the biggest share of that would be Industrial, Test & Measurement and Dental. But they're all getting pretty healthy chunks of restructuring here.
Daniel L. Comas: Sure, Nigel. It played out pretty similar to Q2. Emerging markets grew low double digit. As you mentioned, China, which was growing 20% the first half of the year with kind of low teens in Q3. We actually saw faster growth in Brazil than we had -- in Latin America than we had seen in the first half. So overall, quite comparable to Q2. The U.S. was right about 5%. And Western Europe was about 2%, 2.5%, again pretty consistent with what we saw in Q2.
Daniel L. Comas: I'd say for all the regions, slightly less. We think we'll see a similar distribution between emerging markets being the strongest, the U.S. in the middle and Europe, the weakest. Though we're not looking for a particular outlier from those 3 at this point.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, sure. I mean, clearly paying down over $600 million of debt in the quarter really puts us in a good position here. We think we'd probably have a $4 billion to $5 billion envelope over the next couple of years. As we've talk about, we were a little discouraged by the industrial M&A market and the prices being paid up to about May or June of this year. I think we've been encouraged that you've seen very little industrial M&A. To me that's kind of a first sign that maybe things are getting better. And I think we're going to be very well-positioned, and we're gearing back up as we speak.
Daniel L. Comas: I think Fluke we're looking kind of a mid-single-digit growth rate. TEK could be a low single-digit growth rate, but would expect the book to bill still be north of 1.
Daniel L. Comas: I think we're making structural costs out. We don't view it as capacity. And these are basically projects that would've been in -- that were in the 2012 budget that we're starting to go through. And I think given the progress we have with the Beckman margin, the very strong core margins we had in Q3, we just felt we sort of had the room to kind of pull it forward and get it done here.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, it hits us both in industrial. We got about 20 basis more price this quarter versus Q2. Clearly, there's been a fair amount of inflation probably through the -- probably the end of July. We've seen some of that subside obviously in spot rates, but we haven't really seen that benefit yet across the businesses. Hopefully in Q4, there's often a lag. You bring inventory in and then run it through the P&L. So it's a net and that was probably a slight negative in the quarter, the price/cost dynamics. Hopefully, that may be a slight positive for us. But again given our business mix, it's not a huge issue overall for our P&L.
Daniel L. Comas: Shannon, just maybe briefly on the accretion. Clearly, we trended better in the margins through the third quarter than we had forecasted at the beginning of the summer. I think that puts us in a position where there's probably a couple more cents of accretion in Beckman in Q4. We're taking some of that and putting that back into that $50 million of incremental restructuring. I think we'll avoid sort of updating any '12 numbers until December. I don't know if you want to talk about additional milestones, Larry or...
Daniel L. Comas: But again we alluded to the more significant muni softness has been in China, but what's in Europe and U.S. is held in pretty nicely.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, I think it appeared that with Beckman coming in it's probably taking our effective rate down maybe about 100 basis points from 25 and change to 24 and change. Absent any changes out there, whether it's U.S. or internationally, I think we're probably in that zone probably in that sort of 24%, 25% rate, which is below obviously what we're kind of running at the first half of the year.
John G. Inch: I guess where I'm going Larry, you would expect China to slow, not even just that the emerging markets meeting, but before then. I mean there is comparison issues and just natural trends as your base gets bigger. Over the course of the quarter, did it appear and may be based on your exit rates what you're looking at to date, has it slowed a little bit beyond expectations, or is it in line? That sort of was the context of what my question was.
John G. Inch: Lastly, Larry, obviously there's a pretty obvious risk of a European recession, some big slowing here that's sort of reflected in the actions you were taking. Could you comment on your -- how you're sort of thinking about your playbook maybe in contrast to '08? And I don't know, maybe if you could comment sort of around how you're thinking about Dental for example and the performance then versus heading into a possible mild recession this time or perhaps some of the other businesses. I mean I think your portfolio looks a little more defensive especially with Beckman, but I'd like to hear your thoughts.
John G. Inch: Yes, in other words, it sounds like a mild recession maybe, to a degree, it might actually play a little a bit to your long-term strategic hand in terms of share gains and some other investments in M&A.
