Rainer Blair: Sure. So, first of all, good morning, Tycho and thanks for the question. As I think about the larger opportunity here, particularly in the vaccines and therapeutics, it might be helpful just to backup one second and think about the scale and the breadth of our unique portfolio. We are incredibly well-positioned through the combination of course of Pall and Cytiva, but also upstream with many of our companies being involved in the development of the actual drugs themselves. And then of course the process scale-up, the upstream solutions, including cell culture media, single-use bioreactors and then all the downstream fluid management filtration and chromatography solutions. And so I think what you saw there and that step up here, quarter-over-quarter was the breadth of that portfolio and the capability of those teams really moving forward and gaining traction, we are on top of well over 400 vaccines and therapeutics that are in the pipeline and we are playing in the great majority of those in one capacity or another. And so, the nature of our portfolio, the focus of our teams, the trust that the customers have in us is giving us an extraordinary number of add-backs. And so as you think about that portfolio positioning here, going forward, we think that as the capacity needs of our customers continue to ramp, certainly as we think about ‘21 and beyond, we expect to play very, very well there and just to give you a sense of that, we year-to-date have $1 billion, well over $1 billion of COVID-orders in the combination of Cytiva and Pall Biotech. And that’s before any vaccines have been officially approved by the FDA. So again, we really see an opportunity here for the long term to really capture an extraordinary amount of opportunity and share going forward.
Rainer Blair: So. just to level set on that one, Tycho, we have had extraordinary demand for our COVID tests here from Cepheid. In fact, you noted in my comments that in Q2 we had 6 million tests shipped; in Q3, 7 million tests shipped; and now in Q4, we are looking at 8 million tests shipped. And we also at the same time, at the end of September, launched this 4-in-1 test, which really positions us uniquely and extraordinarily in order to be able to address the opportunity and the need in particular here as the flu season arrives. As you can imagine, as patients present, particularly in hospitals and points of care, that physicians will want to know the right answer quickly and the right answer needs to distinguish between COVID and the flu season. So we are really thinking of this as the flu season and COVID testing both being tailwinds as we go into Q4 and beyond.
Rainer Blair: Sure, sure. So, let’s start off with, just to level set that we in fact have launched this 4-in-1 test here in September and are already shipping. And we are seeing great customer demand for that. So, customers are really recognizing what an incredible tool this is at the point of care and hospital, to be able to diagnose and help customers. Now, this test here – and, of course, this always depends on the type of customers. But the 4-in-1 test will be priced right around $55 to $60 per test, and that compares to the COVID-only of about $20 to $40. Once again, depends on the type of customer and volumes and so forth. But that gives you a sense of it. Now, from a reimbursement perspective, we feel very good about this for a number of reasons. As the 4-in-1 test is a multiplex test and that is going to be so useful for clinicians to determine what type of treatment will be suitable for that particular patient. And then – so, as you think about that, today already there are multiplex tests being used for respiratory type ailments and they are used all the time. And so, we see that our customers are very familiar with the reimbursement dynamics here and don’t see any issues as it relates to the Cepheid 4-in-1 multiplex test.
Rainer Blair: Sure. So, Derik, we have seen lab activity around the world pick up. As we mentioned, we see China nearly at or at pre-pandemic level. And I would say in North America and Western Europe, we see those lab capacities at about 70% to 80%, which is a sequential improvement, and we saw that. And so, our teams are able to now get in to see the customers to install the systems, provide the services and so forth. But we still see some capacity limitations, as I mentioned earlier, related to social distancing measures and so forth. Now, having said that, in Q3, our tools business grew 10%, we are very happy about that. And that was driven certainly by IDT and Beckman Life Sciences, but also by new product launches which were incredibly important for us and our customers, for instance the Echo MS, which is the high throughput screening tool used in front of mass spectrometers which has been seeing an extraordinary uptake. The launch of the Triple Quad 7500, I mentioned that. That is the most sensitive Triple Quad on the market, seen great uptake for that. And that’s driving – that actually drove a positive low-single digit growth already for SCIEX in Q3. And then at Leica Microsystems, we had recently launched the Stellaris, a confocal microscope, which is the most versatile and powerful confocal microscope in the market. So, this combination of certainly sequential improvement in the marketplace, more labs being accessible, us being able to get in and install and provide services, has been helpful. But I think we have also been buffeted by these aggressive new product introductions that we have invested in here too for the future.
Rainer Blair: That is a great question. And right now, I would also like to take this opportunity to start out with thanking Tom and the Board and all the associates for the fantastic transition that they have provided me here over the last months and getting me off to what is a great start here for Danaher in Q3. So, I have worked for Tom a decade, and with that, of course, also with our Board. And what you can expect there is a great deal of consistency and continuity for sure. And my plan, of course, is to build on the fantastic foundation that Tom and the board, have laid and making us a stronger science and technology company, and you will see that I am very passionate about the topic of innovation. You heard me comment on that today already as well as talent. And so, you will see us to continue investing here quite significantly in innovation and in our talent, in our scientific capabilities, whether those be internal or external, as we continue to chart our course here forward as a leading science and technology company. Now, having said that, with all the similarities, you can also expect to see no change as it relates to our capital allocation bias, which will continue to focus on M&A and, particularly, on making us a stronger innovation and growth company as we continue to move forward. And when I started this role, just after we had closed the Cytiva deal, I thought that perhaps I would be sitting here with the ability to make some smaller deals, but certainly, initially with the balance sheet, I mean, some rebuilding. And we find ourselves here in a great situation and that – one, our free cash flow is stronger, Cytiva’s performance is even better than expected and we couldn’t be more pleased with how the team is transitioning and being a part of Danaher. And then you add the equity raise to that, and that’s really put us into a situation where we just have more degree of freedom. And so that from an M&A perspective also puts us in a position of being able to do certainly small and medium sized strategic deals, and then as we go forward, get back into a stronger position pretty quickly.
Rainer Blair: But it is exemplary of the deals that we continue to like. It’s nothing new. You have seen us do technology deals here that strengthen and round out our portfolio and we like Aquatic Informatics positioning and capability. So, certainly, you will see more of those types of deals and we consider that a smaller one.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Doug. What I would like to do is take your question and even broaden it a bit to let you – to hear how we think about the long-term here. And the way we frame that is, what does the world look like post vaccine versus what the world for Danaher looked like pre-vaccine or pre-COVID, call it. And let me start with our base business, through the portfolio moves that we have made and the investments, have already been transitioning to a higher growth and earnings profile with a higher degree of recurring revenues. And so, we feel very good about the growth profile that we had pre-COVID where we were already a 5% to 6% grower. And to your point, it’s included in that with Cepheid growing at low-double digits at the time, representing about 5% of our portfolio. And at that point we didn’t even own Cytiva yet, although we were thinking, as we were diligencing and going to close that this would be about a 6% to 7% grower. So, as we think now about a post-vaccine world, we actually really believe that our core growth is going to improve. And why is that? Well, first of all, our base business will continue to improve as activity picks up and markets recover and our innovation investments, some of which I talked about earlier, start paying off even more. But then also to your point, Cepheid, it might be back to low-double-digit and it will represent 10% of our portfolio in 2020, with what we think are some of the most durable testing revenues in the marketplace. Because we are at the point of care, because our workflow is so easy, because of the menu breadth we have with both multiplex or COVID, we really see this point of care positioning as unique. And then you add on top of that, and you mentioned this, our increase in the installed base, 35% increase over prior year just in 2020, we really see this as a long-term improvement. Then you add to that Cytiva, which we are seeing now with the leading positions in cell culture media, single use technologies, including bioreactors, filtration process chromatography and many more things, that we are getting so many add backs with these over 400 vaccines and therapeutics in the pipeline that we see an extraordinary potential there for the traction and the capacity increases that are needed for the future, independent of the type of vaccine that will ultimately receive approval. And so, we think that that 6% to 7% growth assumption that we had here prior to the pandemic was likely conservative, and that for the long-term we really can think high single-digit there as well. Then lastly, you see our capital allocation strategy which is biased toward M&A. You add that on top here. And we really do believe that our growth profile as a result of the pandemic and the durability of our positioning in the aftermath of all of that is going to result in a higher growth profile. Now, there’s lots of things here to consider in terms of macro risks, think of government spending, taxes, there are a number of variables here. So, it’s a little bit early here to be conclusive. But what we see here is fundamentally stronger and more durable growth profile going forward.
Rainer Blair: It’s a great question. First of all, speaking to the balance sheet, I think you are in the right neighborhood there, that those are numbers that we could confirm based on the free cash flow and the EBITDA that we see in our current debt profile, that our balance sheet is in a very good position. I would also say, we couldn’t be more pleased with the progress that we are making in the transition of the GE Biopharma business, now Cytiva, into Danaher, and they are firing on all cylinders and we continue to extricate ourselves there from the transition services that GE provides us and standing up this organization and see just extraordinary, not only efforts but real results there. So, we always, at Danaher, maintain leadership and management capacity to ensure that the opportunities that we generate, that the market provides us, we can take advantage of. And so, while we are transitioning Cytiva into Danaher and nearly complete with that, that doesn’t keep us from being ambidextrous here and keeping our eye and being able to take advantages – take advantage of the opportunities that market provides.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Vijay, and good to hear you. So, Q4 Cytiva, perhaps it’s helpful to back up and come back to what Matt was talking about earlier. It’s really important to see that we continue to expect a similar growth tailwind from COVID in Q4 as we did in Q3, and we expect our base business to perform similarly or incrementally better. But it is important to keep in mind that we had three working days less, and particularly for the consumer-oriented businesses that’s been impactful in the calculation. And having said that, if you think about the bioprocess industry today, already these companies are producing vaccines. So, if you think about operation work speed and where BARDA is involved, not only are the biopharmaceutical companies producing clinical trials quantities, they are already ramping up capacities for those vaccines that they see – vaccines and therapeutics that they see very near to approval and are hopeful for. And of course, this is financed oftentimes through the federal government. And so, there’s a great deal of aggressiveness there. And so, that’s already happening here at the back end of Q3 and you will see that also in Q4. And then as approvals start coming in, and we are hopeful that that happens at the end of the fourth quarter or in the first quarter, then I would expect to see an additional ramp there as well.
Rainer Blair: Yes. So, Vijay, I will start here and then I will pass it on to Matt. So, first of all, we absolutely are and continue to invest in capacity expansions. In fact, we were in the capacity expansion program at Cytiva as we brought the company into the Danaher fold and are, of course, accelerating that. And you can expect additional investments here in Q4, that are capacity related certainly but also related to standing up the organization. And then as we continue to go into 2021, you will see continued investment, and of course that has – that plays out in our margin assumptions as well. And I think, Matt, you were just about to jump in on that.
Rainer Blair: Dan, that’s a great question. And let me refrain just a little bit and give a little bit of background on this topic. It’s so important to remember that there are very different types of vaccines. In fact, there are a number of unknowns here that still makes very solid and defined projections, pretty challenging. You know there is a lot of questions around which kinds of vaccines and therapeutics ultimately get approved and we have seen more recently with Lilly and J&J that these approvals are not given, these are rigorous processes that these companies go through with the FDA and there are number of wildcards, including adverse reactions and so forth, that at any given time can derail efforts that we think are very close to the finish line. So, it’s really important to understand that prior to approval, picking what are the future “winners” is very difficult. The other thing that’s also hard is that these vaccines are produced in very different ways. While there are a number of similarities, how they are produced is very, very important in terms of the amount of doses that you get per batch as an example, which can materially and by orders of magnitude change the kinds of inputs that are required for any production. We also have a lot of questions around the number of doses. Is it going to be a one-time shot with a booster for life or is it going to be much like we see for influenza, an annual type injection that everybody needs, these are big questions that of course affect any kind of estimates that you make. And then lastly, there is a great deal of discussion about to what degree will the population actually accept vaccines and use them and get vaccinated in order to get to that ultimate goal of herd immunity. So, we see that – we see that it’s very, very challenging to come to a good number there. But having said that, as we get closer here in the next month and perhaps quarter or so, we will start seeing approvals were very helpful. And this picture will become much more clear as we get the data out of the clinical trials, know about doses, whether booster shots are required and that sort of thing. And then I come back to what Matt said, if you look at the $1 billion that we have year-to-date in orders, we see that prior to FDA approval, so we certainly feel very positive about what the future holds here in the next year or so, but again coming down to hardcore and highly defined numbers, it’s tough.
Rainer Blair: Yes. I was just going to say that, Dan this is a really critical question, right. Lot of people talk about the antigen tests and most of those are used in different care settings are the Cepheid solution, GeneXpert that is used at the point of care in critical care environments and in the hospital when speed, workflow and accuracy really count. So, those clinicians on the basis of that test are going to make a call as to what therapy they prescribe. So, it has to be right, it just has to be right. And so that’s why the GeneXpert and the Cepheid testing approach is the gold standard. And that’s why we see that really as a very, very durable testing modality that is at the right place at the right time with the right answer at the right cost for the system. And we expect independent of the number of infections that we see other types of modalities really breathing either higher or lower depending on the infection rates. But as you think about the point-of-care hospitals, in particular and other point-of-care settings, that’s what we see this gold standard, along with this multiplex 4-in-1 test to have an extraordinary amount of durability. And we see that right and you see us continuing to ramp up from 6 to 7 in the fourth quarter, 8 million and you can expect more tests per quarter as we go through 2021. So I feel very strongly about the unique and durable positioning of our Cepheid, GeneXpert approach. And add on top of that is the fact that we have increased the installed base by 35% this year, that really puts us in a very strong position and that installed base continues to grow.
Rainer Blair: No worries. Thanks, Steve. Well, let’s start with China. China has been an extraordinary story as you all know in terms of the speed of the recovery and what we see as unique with China is the breadth of that recovery. So, not only do we see of course extraordinary return to lab capacity, which are nearly or at a pre-pandemic level, we also see the return of patient volumes and to some degree approaching normality. And what’s unique about China is that we also see this in our more industrial businesses. So, the recovery in China in contrast to North America and Western Europe is broader based. And so as you think about our EAS portfolio or some of the businesses we have industrial businesses we have with Pall, we are seeing very nice recovery there. And like we said, in China we saw, essentially, 10% growth here in Q3, and we expect to see acceleration of that here in Q4 as well, as that economy continues to build momentum. And that’s really across the portfolio. Now, as we think about Beckman Diagnostics and our business there, we’re really pleased by the performance and the return of patient volumes here in the developed market. Those have really exceeded our expectation, and the team has done very, very well in continuing to grow that business, innovate in that business. You heard about the IL-6. You heard about IgM on top of IgG. So, we have a great deal of momentum here and our innovation cycle times have been shortened and accelerated very significantly. And as we think of capital, we’re starting to see our funnel pick up in the discussion also around capital equipment placement. No doubt they are not yet at the level of what we saw prior to the pandemic, but they certainly are better than what we saw in Q2 and earlier in Q3. And so, those conversations are starting to happen. Also differently to what we saw in Q2, and this will be something to monitor, as we see COVID hotspots continue to pop around – pop up around the world, is that for now we haven’t seen anything that on the margin impacted in the patient volume return; meaning, that we see wellness testing and elective type procedures continuing to ramp and not be significantly impacted yet by some of these hotspots, so cautiously optimistic here that the progression that we have seen for Beckman Diagnostics and more generally with patient volumes, continues to move forward positively.
Matt McGrew: And maybe just to put some numbers around that for you. So, if you think about sort of the capacity that we talked about at Cepheid, sort of to begin this, in Q2, we sort of had 6 million tests that we had. That increased to about 7 million here in Q3. And we expect that to go in Q4 to call it maybe closer to 8 million. And as we sort of ramp through ‘21, we are going to be adding additional capacity as well. Now, I am not sure exactly when we expect all of that to come online, but as that happens, we will sort of kind of keep people updated. But yes, for sure, we are going to add a little bit here in Q4 and then throughout 2021 as well.
Matt McGrew: Derik, maybe just to give you a little bit of context, sorry as well on some numbers on that, on that 4-in-1, obviously, it’s got a higher price point, like we talked about. But just to make sure that we kind of level set on how we think about when that will come online. So, I think in Q4, thinking about maybe 60% of our test volume in Q4 is going to be COVID-only. And then the other 40% would be the 4-in-1. And I think the way to kind of think about that is that when you think about – we are still going to be producing COVID-only, and the kind of staggered adoption because – one, you have got high growth markets that really don’t experience seasonal flu. So, the demand for that is just not going to be as high if any. And Europe is going to be more of a staggered adoption. It is going to be country by country, it’s not going to be kind of uniform like it might be in the U.S. So, just maybe to think about from a modeling perspective, that split would be the way I think about that.
Matt McGrew: So, yes, Scott, – I can give you a little color on at least the size of it. I mean, this is a deal in water for the Informatics, and Rainer can talk a little bit about it. But it’s a pretty small deal. I mean, it’s a sub-$20 million in revenue and profitability, call it, $80 million to $100 million type deal, kind of deal for us. So, it’s not huge.
Matt McGrew: Vijay, maybe just as a kind of some context around it, I mean, we have talked about sort of year-to-date we have got north of $1 billion of COVID orders between Cytiva and Pall Biotech. The way to think about that is that those are orders that we have already gotten, that are booked, probably 50% of those orders are going to ship here in 2020, but the rest are going to move to 2021. Just to give you some idea of sort of how that order book is played out and it’s going to move its way through the P&L, like Rainer was just talking about.
Matt McGrew: Yes, I think for Q4, I think you are right, Vijay. We have seen sort of Q2, Q3, we have had really good fall through on the growth. I think as we sort of look at Q4 though, I think probably a 30% to 35% fall through is a better number to use. Like you said, we kind of, as we look at where that’s come from in Q2 and Q3, and we have had some really, really good mix, on where the growth’s come from Pall Biotech, think about Cytiva and Cepheid. And now that some of the other businesses are contributing more, I think we are going to have a bit of a mix impact. And then as you mentioned, the lower OpEx and less travel and trade show is certainly a part of it. Things are sort of getting going again as you saw with the growth rates. And then, Rainer talked about the accelerated growth spend we are going to do that in Q4. We have got some projects already that we have got underway. I think that will have an impact on it. And probably lastly frankly, we are – given where we have seen some of the growth and we have got some pretty outstanding growth in, for example, Cytiva, for example, Cepheid, there is going to be some sort of year-end accruals, if you will, on around bonuses and things like that. It will be a bit of a headwind year-over-year for us. So I think it probably moderates a little bit here, as we get into Q4 from where we have been, but still feel even with that, I still think we are going to be able to put up some pretty good EPS growth here.
Matt McGrew: Well, and remember too, Dan, that, that 1 billion is for orders that we have got today as of the end of the third quarter. So while Rainer sort of talking about you guys are talking about what’s the opportunity as we go forward sort of longer term, anything that we have here in the short-term in Q4 from an order perspective, we will just keep adding to it. So sort of the near-term, I think we still have some upside here as we get kind of into Q4 and then as the vaccines get approved and then as we start to learn some of these unknown variables that we can start to give you guys a bit better kind of view of it. But so far, I think it gives you a frame of what we have got. We have got the Q4 how that plays out. And then as we know more, I think as we get into early next year, we will probably have a better frame for you hopefully to get some clarity on that.
