Rainer Blair: Well, this is entirely related to supply accessibility of customers. So the demand in China continues to be very robust. As you may have noted, without the – in the first quarter without this large project in the prior year, China was up high single digits for us, orders very strong. So this is really related to customer accessibility in hospitals, in labs and of course, the one or the other manufacturing plant that’s affected by these shutdowns. Now as we sit here today, we’re already receiving the news from our team that we’re able to open up not just our plant, and so those are starting to open up here as well slowly but surely, as well as we would expect throughout the quarter client – I’m sorry, as well as lab accessibility to improve already in May and then get back to more normal levels here by the end of the quarter.
Rainer Blair: This is mostly about China getting back to normal activity levels and both customers as well as our plants having the makeup capacity to make up for what we think are relatively short shutdown period. Having said that, the business is a large one, and there is always pockets that will grow faster. So between the two things, we feel confident that our guide for the full year holds.
Rainer Blair: Well, thanks, Vijay. So let’s just level set on the numbers briefly here. If we think about bioprocessing Q1, and as I mentioned during my opening commentary, we extract that very large Q1 shipment last year in China, our bioprocessing business was up low double digits here in Q1. Very, very strong order activity, and I’ll come back to that in a minute. Now if you look at our first quarter last year, our sales were up over 70%. And so if you look at the 2-year stack for Q1, we’re in the 35% to 40% growth area, which we think is very robust and more than representative of what is going on in the market and think that, that compares extremely well. In fact, we still think that we’re taking share there. So that’s sort of one marker that I want you to have. And then the second point is the order activity continues to be very, very strong. Last year, our orders in the first quarter were up over 90%. And so we anticipated that our orders in Q1 of this year would be down but nonetheless, we continue to build backlog here in Q1 as well in the bioprocessing area. And this is why we’re so confident in our core growth guide here for the year and bioprocessing of high single digit, low double digits between the robust growth that we’re seeing and the backlog that we have, that’s really important. So now let’s unpack that a little bit and think about what’s going on and why COVID is sort of one variable, but that there are other variables here that are incredibly important and explain why we talk about the bioprocessing business and its growth in aggregate. So first of all, as you think about the activity levels outside of COVID in the bioprocessing business, it’s important to see what’s going on in clinical trials. And I’ve talked about this, but you know that the project pipeline for monoclonal antibodies is 50% larger today than it was 5 years ago. For cell and gene therapy, it’s 10x larger, driving extraordinary activity here in the clinical trial area. And what you see, and as I mentioned in the opening comments, you see customers really starting to focus on these new projects across all modalities and not just allocating the resources to COVID, but to these new modalities. So that’s really important to note that customer activity level continues to be very, very high, and that plays through in the clinical trials. Now another point to take here is monoclonal antibodies are becoming the standard of care and the predominant class of biologic drugs. So what’s going on in monoclonal antibodies is the primary growth driver in the market and also for our business and recently launched products that are ramping to new treatment and new indications are driving an exceptional amount of volume here. And then you add to that, that emerging markets and high-growth markets, such as China and India, are starting to have access to these monoclonal antibody treatments that provides additional and significant volume leverage. At the same time, you have biosimilar growth, Vijay. So these biosimilars are leveraging the fact that some of the biologic drugs, monoclonal antibody that are higher volume are starting to come off patent, and that’s increasing the penetration of those drugs throughout the world where the penetration has been lower. And that’s providing another growth impetus. And then lastly, I’ll start with this now. We’ve been talking about single-use technology and their adoption for a while, which is an additional leverage growth vector within the bioprocessing business. So all that helped the activity that we talked about provides for volume, but SUT on top of that is substituting more traditional technologies and is growing even faster. And we have well over $1 billion of single-use technology. And we’ve just announced that our third new plant coming on for single-use technologies in Cardiff, Wales. So we feel very confident on the basis of what’s going on outside of COVID. And that’s why we look at it together because it’s the aggregate that we look at and that really ultimately count that, that will drive that high single-digit, low double-digit growth here for 2022 and also supports our high single-digit perspective beyond that.
Rainer Blair: Scott, we have been working price directly and indirectly, and we’re seeing very good traction. Let me lay that out for you here. And let me start off with the fact that there are inflationary pressures out there. We’ve talked about that in the past. And that moves from sort of the classic topics of memory chips and other types of chipsets and freight and perhaps labor to seeing more broadly inflation. But nonetheless, with the Danaher Business System, our teams have been able to do a number of things here in order to contain this. One, of course, is related to ensuring the robustness of the supply. Many of our businesses today are gaining share because we are able to continue our supply, have shorter lead times because we’re able to access and secure the components necessary to drive our manufacturing in our business. So it’s an important aspect to this entire equation of growth and share gain. Secondly, the DBS toolset that we have been putting in place are also helping us offset costs in the sense, and as I mentioned in the introductory comments that, look, we are able to now reengineer more quickly to other types of – again, I’ll use the example of chipsets to next-gen chip set more broadly consolidate those and not only gain supply, but then also reduce our costs. So there is an entire DBS machine, if you will, that is driving to secure supply and to offset costs. At the same time, of course, we are driving price, and we see strong traction there. In fact, we are well over 200 basis points of price here in the first quarter, and that’s a quarter that still had a fair amount of, if you will, 2021 backlog in it, right. So, we have now worked through the majority of that backlog and expect to see continued momentum there. So, thinking about price at these levels of 200-plus basis points, that’s the right way to think about that. And it’s just another testament to the strength of our portfolio, the degree of differentiation of our product and the leverage that this razor/blade business model provides us with 75% consumables, many of which are specked in or keyed into the equipment or instruments that they supply.
Rainer Blair: Thanks Dan. Really, the way we are thinking about that business is, again, in aggregate, and we do believe that both the underlying strength of the markets as I just laid out, as well as the strength of our backlog, which continues to grow, support both the high-single digit, low-double digit bioprocessing guide for the year. And as you think about COVID within that, COVID is going to do what it does, but there is a larger market that is growing rapidly and we are going to continue to see fluctuation as it relates to COVID volumes, whether there is a decision on booster for different age groups, whether it becomes part of an annualized immunization regimen. All of these are open questions. And our belief is that COVID is a part of our business, but there is another part of this business, which is larger, it is growing at a faster rate and we are making investments to ensure that we capture the appropriate shares here. So Dan, high-single digits, low-double digits bioprocessing growth for 2022.
Rainer Blair: I mean we couldn’t be more pleased with the team. I have been up there several times working with the team, seeing how they are growing, bringing on capacity. We continue to invest in expansions there. And that 40% growth exceeded our expectations and gives you a sense of how quickly the Danaher Business System has gained traction. And that’s a combination of a couple of things. The first thing is the leadership and the team at Aldevron that is pulling and open to applying the Danaher Business System as fast as possible to fortify their competitive advantage in lead times, in quality and to ensure that we drive this business to the growth of its potential. And we think for 2022, we continue to think that the $500 million revenue number is a good number, 40% in Q1. We certainly expect to be in the first half year, well over our expectation of 20% plus that we previously talked about. So, $500 million for the year is a good number, and that team is firing on all cylinders.
Rainer Blair: Sure. So, just to revisit, we have talked about China here. In the first quarter, it was really the end of March when we started to see the impact of some of these larger scale shutdowns, and we continue to see those here in the first week of April, although we have just spoken to the team here yesterday and they received approval to start opening up plants and we also see more activity at our customers. And so we do expect to work through the shutdowns here in the second quarter. Again, that was the 200 basis points to 300 basis point headwind that we included in our Q2 guide of mid-single digits. So, as we think about the quarter here and for China, remember, we had a very strong activity level in Q1, high-single digit growth minus that large transaction last year. And we expect that in China will probably be down in Q2, mid to high-single digit percentages for the quarter. Now once again, we expect that to unwind in Q2 and then continue to catch back up here through the year where we continue to see China as a high-single digit market.
Rainer Blair: So, in Life Sciences, if we now pivot from bioprocessing and more to the life science analytical businesses, as you suggest, Jack, we are seeing very strong underlying activity in the various sectors of the business. If you think about the Pharmaceutical segment, CROs, academic research customers, our funnels are strong and continue to outpace quarter-over-quarter what we have seen in 2021. I think that buttressed for us, particularly because of the strong innovation track record and the recent launches that we have had. I have talked to those at SCIEX, the ZenoTOF, the accurate mAb instrument as well as the 7500 Triple Quad, those are class-leading innovations that are growing exceptionally well and driving market share gains. Beckman Life Sciences, with their CytoFLEX Benchtop sales order the most recent launch. And then of course, we talked about Mica, which is that combination of wide field and confocal leveraging machine learning. So, we are firing on all cylinders here in a strong investment environment. And we think that, that’s sustainable here for the foreseeable future as we continue to see investments from both the biotech sector, but also academic sectors, as well as institutions that are very, very bullish on the innovation and the science that they want to drive forward.
Rainer Blair: Well, Jack, I will tell you, we have excelled in these kind of environments historically from an M&A perspective. These environments of dislocation inevitably show opportunity and we feel very good about how we are positioned with our funnel. Now having said that, the volatility that we are seeing today is while it might not feel that way relatively recent and it’s probably a little too early to see the full impact of that volatility. Having said that, we are sitting here with 2x a turn, very strong free cash flow of over $7 billion and over $10 billion of EBITDA. So, we feel like we are in a very good position both in terms of the strength of our balance sheet as well as the opportunities that lie ahead.
Rainer Blair: So, Western Europe has continued to perform very well for us. As I mentioned in our opening comments here, we had strong growth in the mid-teens in Western Europe here in the first quarter. And while we think that moderates a little bit here in Q2 just because of some of the prior year performance is, the activity levels remain very strong. Certainly, in Western Europe, that is the case. And as you think about your reference to the geopolitical side, Eastern Europe just has not been that large of a factor in the life science research and bioprocessing area as an example. And from a diagnostics perspective, we continue to see a very high, let’s say, close to normal activity levels as well. So, Western Europe for us continues to perform as expected.
Rainer Blair: Happy to. So Luke, the way we are thinking about that is – the strength of our underlying business, which I laid out here in some details, some clinical trials, mAbs, biosimilar volumes, keep in mind, it’s the commercialized drugs that really drive volume here in this business. And then of course that additional growth accelerator of the single-use technology adoption. Those are really the foundations that are driving the growth of this business. And the COVID business, it will do what it does, but that variation is within the realm of what we have been casting as the overall growth rate of the business. And so you take the backlog, which continues to grow quarter-over-quarter and you take the growth drivers that I have laid out. That is what supports the high-single digit, low-double digit growth for 2022 and the high-single digit longer term growth guide that we have talked about.
Rainer Blair: That’s going to continue to pace out as we add line after line after line. But I would say that these are programs that are coming on, on or better than schedule as the team continues to gain speed here not only with their subject matter expertise, which is differentiated. So, unique in the marketplace, but also with their adoption of the Danaher Business System. So, we look for that $500 million here in 2022.
