Larry Culp: Scott, I would say that on balance we were actually pretty pleased with the performance in light of the volume. As you see here with core up at 3%, it camouflages a little bit some of the stronger performance we saw in three of the five segments and we had some real standout businesses with water, certainly diagnostics, very pleased with Beckman Life Sciences’ Videojet. It’s a pretty healthy list there. And I think on balance, having three to five segments up 40 basis points in terms of the operating margin expansion and particularly with LSD, Life Sciences and Diagnostics up nearly 150 basis points, a lot to attribute there to DBS, the restructuring you alluded to and the like. I think the long and the short of it is, is we’ve kind of looked at it, and I don’t mean to suggest we’re in any way content here. We had two businesses with high variable margins that finished softly, more softly than we would have anticipated there in June. We saw some softness in the U.S., in dental consumables sellout that in turn impacted our June there at Kerr particularly. But mainly, and the big issue is it -- Tektronix Communications, the big carriers were soft here in the quarter, far softer than we thought. And we have particularly high variable margins there. Now fortunately Arbor and Fluke Networks, our security and enterprise businesses were actually pretty good in the quarter, but it was really isolated in that regard. And when we have that sort of revenue with those sorts of margins breaking away from us late in the game, it doesn’t help on the top, but it really does for the bottom all in.
Larry Culp: Well, I think that as we look at the third, I think both from a geographic perspective, Scott, and from a segment or platform perspective, what we saw in the second right now was probably what we’re going to see in the third, which is why we’re kind of embracing that first half core performance as a good guide here for the third. From a geographic perspective we saw a little bit of a tail in June, tail-off in June. I would say that was modest, but it was broad-based. So we’ve got a watchful eye there. Clearly the U.S., there’s a bit of an offset there both in terms of what we saw -- I think some of macro data out there. But net-net, the developed markets are probably where they’ve been. I think some of our team are probably a bit optimistic in the high growth markets as we go into the third quarter. Brazil’s got some of the noise relative to the World Cup behind it, the Indian Election all of that. I don’t think we’re banking a lot on any sort of uptick there. I don’t know if that's conservative, I suspect that's just being pragmatic. So we get that core there in line with the first half. We get similar margin performance, in part because the Tek Comms dynamic is going to be with us through the second half. It’s probably going to cost us a couple of pennies a quarter as they are resolved. We will work hard to offset that. We’re not happy with it, but it is what it is. And I think when you put all that together, you get the formal guide that we’re offering this morning.
Larry Culp: Yes. I think you have to break it down by business, Nigel. And I realize at a high level, may be some of the details don’t matter so much. But at the operating level, I think we’re very encouraged by what we’re seeing at Fluke. Three quarters in a row here of growth is certainly something we can all I think appreciate. I think what we’re particularly encouraged by is the combination of the new products and Fluke Connect I think is a game changer for them, but also the improved commercial execution around the world. I’m not sure that Fluke’s ever going to be our highest growth business, but can they be a consistent low to mid-single digit grower for us? More so than we have seen in the last couple of years, I believe so, and I think they are building momentum here, very much in that direction. I think Tek as we’ve talked many times, has a different end-market set of drivers there. Technology spending broadly, including spending on the bench has been muted the last several years far more than we would have anticipated. But there again I think the order books are firming up having first positive quarter in years there. Hopefully it’s the beginning of a trend. I think Fluke will in all likelihood outperform Tek in the near to medium-term. And that’s I think is straight as we can call it. I think within Comms, we’ve been very fortunate to be part of the mobile network build out at Tek Comms. It’s been a what a mid to high single-digit grower for us double-digits in many quarter and what we are seeing right now is a delay broadly with a number of those same customers which we think is more timing than anything else. But it’s clearly going to put pressure on us as it did in the second quarter and in second half, and I think we continue to be bullish about that business long-term. And it’s a business that’s well complemented at the platform level by both what we do a security with Arbor and what Fluke Networks does with the enterprise customers. So three different stories, if you will, I think on balance, still good ones but we need to build on the momentum at Fluke and Tek to have a better second half to help offset some of this pressure we know we are going to see in Tek Comms particularly in the second half.
Larry Culp: Well Steve, one of the things impacting the guidance in Q3 is the $1 billion of acquisitions that we have announced to close in the last four months. As you know when we did the SCIEX deal, which was about that size, we called that all the one-time stuff which was pretty significant when it got to a $1 billion. We’re not doing that here. So part of the reason we’re taking down the high-end of our guidance is, we are going to have a fair amount of acquisition knowing a lot of it is non-cash as a result of these five larger deals over the last three months. That’s impacting and we had a little bit of that in Q2 but given these deals have just closed -- in the case of Siemens, we are likely not going to close that until the first quarter, but given it is a carve out transaction, Declan is actually going to have to spend a fair amount of money in the second half year to get ready to -- from a systems point of view to bring that business in. We think it’s a very attractive high return acquisition opportunity, but it’s going to hurt us a little bit from a GAAP EPS perspective over the next couple of quarters.
Larry Culp: Well Declan is going to cost them -- it’s going to cost the Life Science and Diagnostics half a cent to a penny in the second half. Add to that the other -- the deal cost, the inventory step-up from the other deal, the other 250 million of revenues that are coming onboard here, we’re going to have $0.03 or $0.04 of additional dilution here that -- again a lot of it is non-cash, but GAAP dilution in the second half.
Larry Culp: Steve, I appreciate the question, but the way I would respond to it is that Danaher that you know is the Danaher you got today. And we had a situation in the second quarter that's going to perpetuate itself in the second half. We are business that has been on a literal care for a long time, it’s not going to contribute to the top-line. It’s not that big of a deal, but Tek Comms has been a real contributor to us. But here for the next several quarters, we’re going to miss that revenue, but we’re really going to miss the variable fall through there. And if that wasn’t going on particularly to the level that we have seen and now we anticipate, we wouldn’t be talking about any of this quite honestly. So I think it’s isolated, not happy about it, but it is what it is. But when you look more broadly across the corporation, there are so many good things going on from a segment, from a platform, from a geographic perspective that we’re not going to lose too much sleep here because we’re building a business for the long-term we feel as confident and as consecutive about that as we ever have.
Larry Culp: Well Steve when you talk about 11 quarters, right, that can be a fine line to draw, but I think we continue to be optimistic about Tek and its market. Again I think we’ve seen, well what we haven’t seen is that bounce back in bench spending that is typically followed every major downturn that we studied in the history of the Company. Things have been grinding here for a while. I think we see that on the part of the global technology customers that we serve really without too many exceptions by vertical and by geography. So our task and our challenge is to innovate as best we can and in the face of that execute as well as we can from a delivery, from a service perspective in the field to drive a sort of new order growth which will lead to shipment growth in time. So, I don’t want to blame it all on the market, we certainly gotten better at Tek over the last several years and what we can control. And I think that combination is what fuels that optimism. But you don’t hear spending in the table because we need to prove it to you with real results on a sustained basis.
Larry Culp: I think the Tek’s team at Tektronix their primary focal focus here Steve is to grow the business organically.
Larry Culp: Jeff, we are going through our planning process now, we would expect to have restructuring in the fourth quarter. We haven’t pinned down a number yet.
Larry Culp: I think that’s a word we’ve used with some frequency over the years to describe our philosophy with respect to buybacks.
Larry Culp: Jeff, so we brought in roughly, if you look at kind of 2015, just run rate, we brought in about a $0.5 billion of revenues over the last four months, not all that close but either signed or announced. And we paid approximately a $1 billion all with one exception which is more of a start-up all profitable businesses, so pretty good I’d say overall EBITDA sort of multiples and situations where we on a deal-by-deal expect to get to a -- exceed a 10% return within three years so I feel pretty good. And we’ve done five deals here between 90 million and 500 million in the last five, over the last three months and feel pretty good about the valuations as well.
Larry Culp: Jeff, what I think stands out for me, to build on what Dan both in terms of what we’ve announced here and what we think and how we think about the funnels, it is really the breath of these dynamics. If it was in one space, it might be a bit more of a random walk but it is undercurrent is broad-based, I think that’s a good sign and part of the confidence and a conviction we’re reiterating this morning on the M&A front.
Larry Culp: Jeff, really we were referring to Western Europe. That was one geography that was, if you rolled up our -- everybody came in line with what we thought at the beginning of the quarter. Western Europe was slightly below what we thought at the beginning of the quarter and that was most pronounced, it wasn’t terrible but it was most pronounced in June, a little bit of a tail-off there.
Larry Culp: The, it was more or less in line Julian with what we have seen consumables broadly were good, I they led the way. Unfortunately we had a little bit of a lag there in equipment but it wasn’t broad-based, again it kind of comes back to the issue with the -- we flagged earlier around communications with Tek Comms being so soft that was really the major break on the equipment trend that we have seen the last several quarters, otherwise the general mix was very much in line with what we’ve seen fortunately.
Larry Culp: Julian it was a, we had good growth in context. It just down ticked broadly versus our expectations in that quarter. So I don’t think we’re going to try to extrapolate that too far here too soon, but it is something we’re watching carefully as we start the second half here. Again in part because of, it seemed to be broadly based, as opposed to the U.S. which was strong and where we saw softness at Tek Comms and consumables that was particularly isolated.
Larry Culp: Maybe we didn’t get that right in the script. Actually our muni spend and which has begun to bounce back in Europe and has continued bounce back in the second quarter in U.S. so [indiscernible] had good muni spend in the U.S. in the second quarter.
Larry Culp: Yes I think as we look at those dynamics, I think we are really talking about specific customers, specific programs and the time they are in and that’s where we enter the quarter thinking that the rest of the year was going to play out in one way. At this point, it’s going to play out in other way and again not a way that is necessarily helpful for us. But these are long-term relationships we feel good about the value that we provide, the function that Tek Comms provides to these mobile operators. So we are going to take the long view and continue to invest in and persevere though it clearly put some pressure on the margins in the near-term.
Larry Culp: Sure. You really have to like a Beckman headline number here in terms of the core and particularly that turn in the U.S. I think the funnels are healthy, but again the funnels are healthy because of the underlying actions the team has really been hard at work and progressing over the last several years. So when you look at those funnels and more importantly the retention wins rates that come as a function of those funnels, we couldn’t be happier. And in turn and then to see those revenues come into the business, because as you know Isaac, we can see 6, sometimes a 12 month lag from the time our customer makes a decision before we can recognize that revenue. I think that the microbiology lab is a good or the micro bio space is a good space. It’s not a space that we’ve been in. And frankly, we’ll take a mid-single growth business with the platform that we will get from Siemens and do there I think what we’ve done like in bio, in radiometer, more recently with the Irish business in urinalysis and really work hard to turbo charge that business. And I think you’ve seen us do that from an innovation perspective, I think you’ve seen us do that with respect to the some of the go to market fundamentals. And that in concert with the synergies we should get from the rest of the diagnostics platform is really the high level game plan that we have for this business ones we get it into Danaher. As Dan alluded to a few minutes ago, it can take a little while as carve outs is not the cleanest integration that we’re going to see. But frankly, given the degree of difficulty at both SCIEX and at Beckman Coulter in the team’s subsequent success we feel pretty confident, they are going to knock this one down in the end.
Larry Culp: I think we are feeling good about the execution there, but it’s probably frankly a combination that is hard to titrate out, one versus the other.
Larry Culp: As you know, it’s a complex landscape, not only in terms of some of the strong and outstanding competitors that we have there but also the competing and evolving technologies. I think, our view particularly with the spectrum aspect is that what we get with Siemens is quite complementary to what happens with NASPEC. We don’t provide the product today from SCIEX, I am sure you know. I think, over time we need to be careful with how many fronts AB SCIEX takes on, because we are seeing broad potential application in NASPEC technologies. We don’t want SCIEX to try to be at all things to all the people, so there will be situations where we have relationships with others that were we may compete in one space and collaborator cooperate in others. And I think that’s very much the creativity and the nimbleness that we are going to need the SCIEX team and the Beckman team is well here to embrace and engage as we go forward.
Larry Culp: It’s probably -- it’s about a $0.02 impact in the third quarter and probably a comparable impact in Q4.
Larry Culp: It’ll be more non-cash. There will be some cash because of the Beckman integration, but I don’t have any more. I don’t have the exact breakdown of that. 
Dan Comas: And Scott just regarding the acquisition, we talked last year, we had about $100 million of restructuring spend generating about $20 million a quarter of savings or we had $20 million -- approximately $20 million of acquisition expense in the quarter. A lot of that's non-cash. You’ve seen an increase in the number of deals and from a GAAP perspective, not from a cash flow perspective, we’re feeling the impact of that on the margin.
Dan Comas: Instruments OP were relatively flat. OP dollars were flat with core growth that was also flat, so there were obviously do some things on the cost side to overcome sort of in inflation and others, but all the OP decline and all the margin hit was not from the comp side, and that is, of our equipment business that's our highest variable margin business.
Dan Comas: Again, in kind of what we have seen in sort of the mid-size deals each 100 to a billion dollar type transactions, we’re pretty encouraged by the quality that not only the number of situation but obviously along these lines of this five situations where all things are cheap, we can get deals done under our return parameters. I think we’re still having active conversations on the larger opportunities as well, I think there is a net-net and an encouraging sign here, but until we pull something bigger down, don’t want to sort of declare any victory.
Dan Comas: Andrew, it’s Dan, you are right, our year-to-date free cash flow is relatively flat. But as you remember in the first quarter, our year-on-year cash flow was down a fair amount. We thought that was timing we thought that we’d catch up to about last sport by the mid-year. That occurred I think it’s trending well and generated almost 850 million of cash in the quarter versus less than 400 million in the first quarter. I expect that positive trend to continue.
Dan Comas: I think the Videojet team continues to lead the way, they are up mid singles. If you look at the last four -- if you look at the last eight quarters, I think we are very pleased both on an absolute and on a relative basis with respect to what Videojet and company are doing. I think Esko slowed down a little bit here but has been a very strong performer for us as well and the noisome that we shared with you relative to Procter & Gamble, I think it’s important as we continue to digitize these packaging design workflow solutions on the Web that really are the major growth drivers for Esko. So I think all-in-all, we are pleased with where those businesses are today.
