Rainer Blair: Sure. So let's start with orders. In the first half of the year, our orders were essentially down 20%. And as we look forward here to the second half of the year, we think that our orders will be down modestly. That's a combination of various factors. One being that our large customers, CDMOs, continue to work through inventories. We also see that China continues to deteriorate here from what we saw in the first quarter and certainly saw that deterioration in the second half of the second quarter, and we see that continuing. And then we are actively managing inventories down. While that is not new, we've intensified our efforts there really in order to get as much as possible of the stocking topic behind us here in 2023.
Rainer Blair: So we saw that continued deterioration in the second half of the second quarter. To give you a sense, China orders were down 20% in the first quarter, 40% in the second quarter, but really 50% in June. And frankly, we don't see that getting better here in the second half. And that's really related to two or three factors. One, the funding environment continued to deteriorate. The foreign investment in projects and capacity has dissipated, it has not returned. There are fewer projects there that are being funded. Also, over the last two, three years, a great deal of capacity has been built, particularly CDMO capacity, but also some with the smaller biopharmas there. And so there's not a lot of additional hardware required here in the short term in the second half, nor are there that many molecules that are being worked on by the CDMOs, meaning that the consumables requirements of that capacity are also lower than we saw here in the first half of the year. And then lastly, and part of this is related to our aggressively managing with our customers to get them to their target inventories, there are a fair number of order cancellations there. So when you put all that together here for China, that is a different picture here in the second half than we saw in the first half. And once again, we're working here, if you aggregate this to the total global biopharma business, to get as much of this as possible behind us in 2023. And just to give you a sense here, our China business in 2022 was about $1.3 billion, slightly over that. We expect that to be about an $800 million business by the end of 2023, which would be about 10% of the total bioprocessing business at Danaher.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Vijay, as it relates to '24, we have a lot to work through here still, I think, as an industry in the second half of 2023. We talked about the various puts and takes of the destocking that I think you correctly summarized with pharma and emerging biotech. You see the China piece that we're flagging here. And then, of course, actively managing those inventories with our customers here in order to get as much as possible behind us in 2023. And we think 2023 probably is the bottom. Having said all that, it is a little early to be talking about 2024. And as always, as we get closer here to the end of the year, we'll continue to update as we work through the second half here.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Dan. I appreciate that question. And as you can imagine and as you suggested, we are constantly, continuously improving our forecasting processes even when we get into these unusual circumstances. And I think one of the aspects here is that the demand situation, the production planning of our customers around the world in the short-term is very dynamic in the sense that production plans are being changed as our customers manage their own inventories as they deal with the demand patterns that they're exposed to. And what we have learned out of that is a more frequent touch point pattern that we have to have with our customers in order to ensure that we keep our finger on the pulse of what's going on there. We think that in the discussions that we've had, that taking the approach of aggressively helping our customers manage their inventories to their target levels in order to find what the true demand signal is. As well as thinking about the second half here, with some degree of conservatism, positions as well in what has been a very dynamic environment with a number of new factors influencing demand. So, we think we're well positioned here for the remainder of the year in terms of the bioprocessing guide.
Rainer Blair: So Dan, I do think that it's early to talk about 2024, because we still have an entire half of the year in front of us here with a number of factors to work through. We talked about the destocking dynamic in China, as well as our efforts to actively get the destocking situation behind us here in 2023. And we think that ultimately, we're probably seeing, in 2023, the bottom here and what is the bioprocessing stocking dynamic. And we also - and I talked about this in the prepared comments, are positive about the long-term growth of this business and this industry. But it's just too early to be putting down a marker here in July on how we think about 2024, and do promise to come back here later in the year to update and then, of course, as always, provide our guide in January for 2024.
Rainer Blair: Puneet, our point of view on China is that the continued deterioration is far more about demand and funding than it is about local competition. The local competition has always been there. No question during the pandemic local competition became more relevant as lead times extended. And where we do see that local competition, it tends to be more for local China for China therapeutics than for products that find global applications. So for us, this is really a topic at the margin. And the real story here is that the funding environment as well as the stocking situation in China requires further mediation here in the second half, and that's exactly what we're doing in order to get as much of this as possible behind us in 2023.
Rainer Blair: Sure. So Puneet, for us, M&A require - continues to be the primary form of capital deployment. And we do that when we see the end market, the asset and the model, the financial model aligns with our requirements. And that is relevant for any end market or adjacency that we might be thinking about, and we maintain a consistent perspective there. Now having said that, you've likely noted that our balance sheet is in great shape and we are in a market that provides opportunity, and we continue, as we always do, to work our M&A funnels to find those opportunities where all three lights flip to green, if you will, market company as well as the business model.
Rainer Blair: Thanks for the question, Rachel. So as you suggested, our Q2 Life Sciences business finished, as expected, up mid-single digits. And we've been talking about a normalization process for some time now, and that's also what we're expecting going forward. And I'll come back to that in a minute. But if we look at the strength here of mid-single digits, geographically, the U.S. was okay. I would exclude large pharma there and sort of small biotech where that's relevant. The EU, Europe was solid. And we also saw a good level of activity in China on the remainder of the stimulus for the subsidized loan program that China had in place. Now from an end market perspective, we see the academic end market holding up well. We see the applied markets, if you think of food testing, environmental testing, with some strength. But as I mentioned, we see biotech and pharma softer. If you think about this from a product category perspective, we think lower and less-expensive, perhaps even operating cost versus capital expenditure type of equipment, is impacted more severely than the higher end, which we still see holding up, and you saw that with Leica Microsystems and SCIEX as well. So as we think about the second half here, we continue to be cautious for a couple of reasons. We mentioned that China market, while strong, the subsidies there have come sunset at the end of the first quarter. and we'll have to see how that continues. There's no news on that front going forward. And so we think really the second half ends up being flat for Life Science instrumentation, putting the full year at low single digits as the normalization process, if you will, from what has been over several years now, very elevated growth rate continues.
Rainer Blair: Rachel, overall, our pricing for the quarter, so overall banner, was up 350 basis points with all four segments remaining above the historical average. And specifically, you were talking about Life Science Instruments, there we saw in the quarter 450 basis points of price. Now as we look forward for the remainder of 2023, we do see that and expect that to moderate somewhat. But we do expect to be above our historical averages here for the remainder of the year. And as it relates to 2024, I think we'll come back to you on that as we get closer here to the end of the year.
Matt McGrew: Mike, maybe just - let me give you a little color on some numbers here, too. I think if you think about the first half, like Rainer said, we were sort of down 20% from an order perspective. And like you also said, I think we'll be down modestly in the second half. But I think it's important to remember, too, this is largely driven by the comps that we've got. So if you think last year, the first half, we had kind of a low double-digit comp, in the second half was more like 20%. So step up, get a little easier here in the second half. I think the important thing that Rainer just said is we have not seen in the order book enough to call an inflection in the market, but I think we will see a step up to a more modestly down number here in the second half. But I would really characterize that as very much comp driven, not some sort of market inflection that we're seeing.
Matt McGrew: Vijay, it's Matt. Let me give - I just want to kind of set the numbers for everybody, so we've got what we're looking at for China. As you said, from a revenue perspective, in the first half, we were down, call it, 30%. And we did see May and June sort of get down into the more like 45%, 50% down. So as we sort of think about what we're thinking about for China going forward for the second half, we are kind of contemplating, if you will, for Q3 and Q4 both of those quarters to look like May and June, and call it, 50% plus down. With that, maybe, Rainer, you want to give some color on the commentary.
Matt McGrew: Yes. No, I think that's right. You got that right. So Q1, we were kind of call a 31% margin, step down to 26.5% in Q2. I think, we're going to be more like 26% in Q3 and then a step up to 31% in Q4. If you remember, last quarter, we sort of talked about a bunch of capacity adjustment, if you will, measures, not only at Summit Biotech, but remember, significantly at Cepheid, as the volumes there ramp down, we are being pretty proactive about taking down that capacity as we talked about. So really, the step down in Q2, Q3 is largely due to: one, lower volumes; but two, remember, we had this big capacity reduction costs. Those are primarily Q2, Q3, and then they sort of go away here in Q4, combined with higher volume in Q4 is how we get to kind of 31%. That really has no bearing or impact on anything to do with the bioproduction inventory, et cetera. I mean, it just incorporates our guide of kind of bioproduction ex COVID down 10%. So really all about the higher volume and the capacity reduction stuff that we're working on kind of heading out of the P&L in Q2 and Q3.
Matt McGrew: Yes. So Scott, the capacity reduction, we talked last quarter that we had about $350 million of cost that was going to come through in Q2 and Q3. We said probably about $250 that was going to be at Cepheid, and that is a rooftop effort, right? During the pandemic, we added some rooftops to kind of meet demand. Now, we're kind of scaling that back. So that is a little bit of a rooftop dynamic as well as a people dynamic as we scale down to where we are. About $100 million of that $250 million is over the same concept, but at BTG, given some of the lower demand there. I would characterize that less as rooftops and more sort of other actions around kind of demand levels, if you will, at BTG. So that's sort of the $350 million we talked about last quarter. Some of that $350 million is going to be sort of one-time, if you will, right? And then probably something in the range of a couple of hundred million of it will be a bit of a one-time cost that we are hitting and taking P&L in this year that probably should come back to us here next year as well, as the savings that we have moving forward. We haven't really talked about the savings, Scott. That's going to be a little bit dependent on how much we can get done here in Q4 or Q3 - Q2, Q3 and then what gets done in Q4 as well. And so, it will be a little bit dependent on how much we can get done as to what the savings, the annualized savings will be. So, we sort of told people last quarter that we kind of update that as we get towards the guide for next year to kind of bake in some of the savings number. So, I haven't really gotten that yet. I've got - I have a sense or an idea, but I do want to see if we can get everything done and kind of where we end up before we talk about how much is coming. But I do think we've talked last quarter about that sort of one-time benefit of, call it, a couple of hundred million dollars.
Matt McGrew: Yes. Yes, I would say yes to probably all of the above, Scott. I think you're right. It was a little bit of a price cost. I think they are starting to see an environment where they had really good price actions as some of the supply chain issues and supplies and logistics issues, they were able to kind of cover with price. But I think you're right, we're starting to see a little bit of that come down, probably not terribly unusual. Some of it, they were able to offset with other measures. But you're right. I think you kind of look at what happened there in the quarter, it was a little bit of it. Volumes were on the margin sort of down, but the price side did hold us up. But that price is coming down a little bit from where it was, but that was kind of what happened in the quarter. And like you said, also ramping up into the spin here probably had an impact as well.
Matt McGrew: Maybe, Dan just a bit, maybe just my thoughts on that topic. I think like Rainer said, I think given what we saw in Q2, I think we feel like we've got sort of China in a pretty good place from a guidance perspective given what we saw. Given the fact that we began that active management in earnest in kind of the back half of Q2 and are going to be pretty aggressive with that to get everything, if possible, behind us that we can here in 2023. I think this guide puts us in a pretty good place for the rest of the year.
Matt McGrew: And Rachel, that's sort of on the back, too, if you think about the bookings here. I mean our book-to-bill in Life Sciences in the Instruments businesses was a little bit less than one in the quarter. So I think to Rainer's point, we look at the first half year in China for Life Sciences instruments, that was largely a backlog play from stimulus. And as we sort of head into the second half, I think our assumption is that we're going to be flat in those businesses as China stimulus backlog kind of rolls off and not have the impact that it had in the first half. And we just don't see a real step up here in stimulus in the second half.
Matt McGrew: Luke, I mean, I just keep coming back to - it's July. We're in a pretty dynamic market, where we are within the industry. And like you said, there's a number of dynamics that still need to be worked through. We mentioned some of them destocking, China, the fact that we're sort of actively managing through this inventory situation. I know why people are trying to get to a '24 number, but I just think it's too early. We just need to get through the second half. We'll get a better sense of how those dynamics play out, which will give us a lot better sense as we get later in the year and into what we normally guide and what that looks like. I just think that there's so many in parts right now that, unfortunately, I think we just do - we really do need to get through the second half here.
Matt McGrew: I mean I could probably come up with some numbers, but it would be imprecise. I think the reality is that it's going to be very customer dependent. It's going to be manufacturing site depending. It's going to be drug dependent. I mean we don't really spend a lot of time trying to figure out how much was destocking as much as spending time with the customers in a pretty proactive way these days, to understand what's on hand, what's the real need that you've got site by site by site so that we can help them manage down to an inventory level they are comfortable with. Some are comfortable with getting down where they were pre-pandemic, some are trying to get below that and some are trying to be above that, actually. So it's not one number that we manage that we're really doing on a kind of neutral basis. I don't know that I've got a great answer for a number, but we are actively managing it and probably a way that was more active than we have been.
