Derik De Bruin: Hey, good morning. And thank you for taking my question. So, a couple of questions to start. I guess the first one would be just on the inventory situation and sort of like how we should think about that working through and just sort of your expectations on the bioprocessing front on the non-COVID bioprocessing. Just some sense of timing. Is this a 1Q, 2Q phenomenon? Just general thoughts there.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. Okay. And I have to ask the obligatory analytical instrumentation demand, SCIEX demand coming off of some really strong growth this year. What are your sort of expectations on instruments? And I would expect you would see some slowdown in the back half of the year is embedded in your numbers.
Derik De Bruin: Yes. Okay. Got it. Got it. Like that. Okay. I think I'll get back in the queue. I've got some other ones where I need to digest some stuff, but thank you. I'll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Rainer Blair: Derik, as it relates to the inventory situation, let's think about sort of our Q1 guide here as a starting point and the context for that. We expect for our overall guide to have a base business growth of mid-single digits, and we expect COVID testing, including now vaccine and therapeutics to have high single-digit and low double-digit headwind, giving us that decline of mid-single digits in the first quarter. Now let me come back to the base business because, of course, that's where your question resides. And once more, we have to be clear that we have now excluded vaccine and therapeutic revenues from the base business, right? So our mid-single-digit base business is down from the comparable low double-digit core growth we saw in Q4 and most of 2022. And that's due mainly to bioprocessing, ex-COVID, and I want to dig into that a little bit, but also because we're expecting lower patient volumes here in China as zero COVID policies are ended. So that's what's happening there in that base business in Q1. Now if we look, and we dig in a little bit deeper into bioprocessing, we anticipate that our non-COVID bioprocessing business will be low single digits, and that's really for two reasons. One, we're coming off of 30% growth in Q1 of 2022. But we're also working through the inventory pockets that we spoke about that was related primarily to COVID programs. And we do expect Q1 to be an inflection point there that we work through the majority of that in Q1 and then after that, continue to see improvement.
Rainer Blair: I think that reflects our perspective. We saw low double-digit plus core growth in our instrument businesses here in 2022 and believe that we definitely took share there. And frankly our funnels are still very strong here going into the new year. But as we look to the total year, we would expect that low double-digit plus to moderate to the more normal growth of mid-single digit plus certainly towards the back end of the year.
Rainer Blair: So as you know, in the fourth quarter on pricing, Derik, we came in over 400 basis points, with the teams really executing very well. And that represents roughly where we were for all of 2022. As we look forward then into 2023, we continue to expect some cost pressures there, and we'll look to have pricing of 200 to 300 basis points, probably closer to 300 basis points.
Rainer Blair: So as I mentioned, China is -- and of course, everybody knows coming out of the zero COVID lockdowns and that's affecting patient volumes here. And we saw that in December, in particular, and have taken that as an indicator for how we should think about the first quarter in China, which we expect to be down around high single digits here in the first quarter, but then moderating as the Chinese population gets through sort of the various infection waves that are expected. And we expect that patient volumes then improve throughout the year and are expecting low single digits for the full year in China.
Rainer Blair: I would tell you, if we think about non-COVID, we continue to see good demand in Western Europe. We have seen the cycle time of deals. So that period of time between lead, capture and capturing the order extending here in the fourth quarter, and we would expect that to continue. As you think about Western Europe, including COVID headwinds, we would expect that to be flat here in the first quarter and then up low single digits. But once again, that includes some COVID headwinds.
Rainer Blair: Sure. So as it relates to orders, and I talked about this in the past as well as book-to-bill. In fact, we don't really look at book-to-bill for the bioprocessing business because it may not be the best way, and we don't think it is the best way to really understand the underlying health of the business, particularly given the extended lead times that we had here in the prior period. So we've been looking at orders really on a two to three-year horizon to take out the lumpiness as well as the extended lead times. And over the last three years, really, both orders and revenues have grown at a mid-single teens average rate. Now from a current trend perspective, in the fourth quarter, our order rate improved by over 500 basis points sequentially but was still down mid-teens, which was as expected as customers continue to adjust for our shorter lead times.  Now to be clear, our full year 2023 guide anticipates Q1 being the low point at low single digits for the bioprocessing non-COVID core growth. And that also takes account to any inventories that might be with some of our COVID program customers, which are now being repurposed. We're working with those customers to repurpose that inventory. So whatever these order dynamics are revenue forecast for bioprocessing non-COVID in first quarter low single digits, we expect that to be the low point of the inventory work off or burn off and then move forward to what is high single-digit bioprocessing, non-COVID core growth for the full year.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Vijay. So as early as the JPMorgan conference, we did talk about the bioprocessing growth range being from high single digits to mid-teens range. And as I mentioned then, and I'll confirm now, we have spent the last several weeks talking to our customers to understand their planning assumptions for the year. And the clear message is the underlying demand remains robust and unchanged. So we continue to see monoclonal antibodies, cell therapy and gene therapy activity continue to be strong, and we're even seeing more work on mRNA on the back of its success with COVID vaccine. So while the demand is remaining solid, customers are actually not anticipating a step-up in activity. So activity remains strong and as we've seen in prior quarters, but they're not anticipating a step-up versus what we've seen here in the last couple of years. And so as you look at the two, three, even four year stacks here, we've seen mid-teens growth CAGRs for bioprocessing non-COVID. So coming back then, if you take our high single-digit bioprocessing non-COVID full year guide on the back of an approximately 30% comp from 2022, it's right in the mid-teens range, both on a two and a three-year basis. So we think that's especially strong in light of the fact that in Q1, we do expect to burn off some inventory and will start low single digits. And in fact, if we had assumed the mid-teens to the higher part of the range for '23, that actually would have implied an acceleration of demand to over 20% on a two-year stack. And frankly, that's just not supported by our customer discussions.  So as we think about burning off these inventories, you asked about the confidence in the later part of the year, and that confidence is based on our discussions with customers, the backlog that we have, the continued order activity that we see and that has improved over prior periods. And so we feel very good about the high single digits non-COVID bioprocessing growth for 2023.
Rainer Blair: And then Vijay, just coming back to your question regarding the base business without Biotechnology growth here for 2023. We talked about Life Sciences instruments going from the low double digits or to the mid-single-digit plus here as we expect that to moderate during the course of the year. But in our Life Science businesses, we also have our genomics businesses, which are growing at double digits. So when you look at our under the new definition, Life Sciences business, so that would be the instrument businesses and genomics businesses, we expect high single-digit growth for the year. As it relates to our Diagnostics business, without COVID testing, we also expect high single-digit growth there, if you think about the growth in Leica Biosystems, Radiometer and as patient volumes normalize, supported also by solid growth at Beckman diagnostics, once again without COVID testing high single digits. And then as it relates to EAS, we would expect that now to normalize after having had just banner growth here in the last couple of years to be more the low to mid-single-digit growth, probably skewed more to mid-single digits for the year.
Rainer Blair: Dan, so -- I mean, the near term, just to recap is, in fact, that we saw, particularly in our Diagnostics business, lower patient volumes related to the hospitals in China being overwhelmed with COVID-infected patients. And we expect that to continue here in the Q1. It's currently the Lunar New Year holiday, where we expect infections to spread here in the next 30 days or so. And then over time, that, that would start waning, reducing. With -- it's kind of unknown as to how many other waves follow that. But we do believe that during the course of the year, especially as it relates to our business, patient volumes start recovering. We've seen this again and again after severe lockdowns of large cities in the previous years. And so we expect that to be pretty resilient. And that's why we end up then with a full year China guide of low single digits. Now could there be upside? Potentially. There's clearly some pent-up demand in the Chinese economy. And it just depends now on how quickly people can get back to work and some normalcy returns to the markets in general. So we think from where we sit today, low single digits for the full year is a good way to think about it. And of course, we'll continue to update as we go through the year here. But it's a good starting point, and there may be some upside should in fact that pent-up demand be released here in 2023.
Rainer Blair: So our perspective on M&A remains unchanged here. First of all, our funnels continue to be very active. As you know, our balance sheet, which is now at 1.5 turns is in great shape. We're starting to see in the marketplace some recognition and I'll even say some acceptance of the lower valuation levels that we have now seen for a good period of time. And I would say it is early days, but the environment for M&A continues to improve. And as you know, in the past, when there have been these kind of situations, Danaher has been able to deploy capital in a really value-creating way. And of course, it's our intention to do that here in the future as well.
Rainer Blair: I mean, Patrick, we're very encouraged by what we're seeing. As you mentioned, over 50,000 instruments placed, more than double than we've had; well into the mid-20s in the number of tests. Now as you can imagine here in the fourth quarter and sort of the beginning of the first quarter, our customers have been busy with respiratory testing. No question about that. But we're very encouraged by the fact that even in the fourth quarter, we saw that non-COVID testing growing at over 20%. And I think that's indicative of a couple of things. First of all, we were very strategic in how we thought about placing our instrument in the sense that we really stayed at the point of care with customers that would be able to standardize their larger IDNs around the GeneXpert architecture as well as leverage subsequent to the pandemic, the broad testing menu that we offer, and we continue to see that. Not only do we continue to see that, but we see continued consolidation of point-of-care molecular testing onto the GeneXpert platform, which is likely also another driver for us seeing the continued adoption of the non-respiratory menu. So very positive outlook here. We're encouraged and its still kind of early days.
Rainer Blair: Well, first of all, thanks again, everybody. We are thrilled with the way we closed out 2022, and we see a strong 2023 ahead with all the numbers, maybe just a quick recap. For 2023, we see our base business growing at high single digits. And in the first quarter, we see that base business despite the fact that we're working off some biotech and bioprocessing inventories at mid-single digits.  Now we've talked at length about COVID testing and vaccine, therapeutic headwinds and I think those are real. But despite those headwinds, we feel great about the important role that we played in the pandemic. Keep in mind, we have reinvested COVID-related cash flows to create lasting annuities with acquisitions and breakthrough innovation while further strengthening our balance sheet. And so, we exit the pandemic much stronger than we entered with higher growth and higher margins in our base business. So with that, we thank you for the call. Wish you all the best for 2023.
Matthew McGrew: And maybe, Vijay, just to give you a bit -- sorry, yes. Just to give you kind of numbers to it because I know we've talked about this a lot recently, just so that we kind of repeated here. If you look at bioprocessing, ex-COVID growth, right, over the last four years, inclusive of our '23 guide, you have 7%, 8% type growth in 2020 as we are sort of moving into and away from the core bioprocessing doing more COVID work. And then in 2021 and 2022, we grew, ex-COVID, 20% plus in each of those two years. And so now this year in '23, the high single-digit guide, it's sort of kind of an inverse barbell, if you will. But if you look at kind of high single digits to start in '20, high single digits as we get through the last of COVID in '23 with 20% and 25% growth in the middle in '21 and '22, that's sort of the period that we're looking back and over because I don't think you can look at just any one period or quarter, given everything Rainer said that happened in '21 and '22 with the extended lead times and what was happening with COVID. So just so that we're all on the same page on sort of the numbers historically on how we have sort of arrived at that mid-teens growth rate in discussion with our customers who say, Hey, look, if you look back over the last three, four years, my demand is about the same. My order pattern is going to be slightly different, but my end demand is about the same.
Matthew McGrew: Let me take margins. And I think we sort of covered the high-single digits bit, but maybe Rainer can kind of wrap it up on bioprocessing.
Matthew McGrew: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Everything outside of bioprocessing. Got you. So let me start with the margin question first because I think that's one that's topical here, too. So if you think about margins for the full year, and then I can kind of touch on '21 or Q1 as well. When you look at margins, we're talking about kind of 31% adjusted margin. And that's going to be a bit lower than we were in '23 on the margin, if you will, with the biggest factor going to be the value of leverage, like you alluded to there. We're going to lose, call it, $3.2 billion of COVID headwinds in the year, $700 million from the vaccines and therapeutics as we go from, call it, $800 million to a little over $150 million or a little under $150 million. And then we're going to have $2.5 billion of testing follow-up as we think we get to a more endemic state on Cepheid testing. So the margin profile on that stuff on the headwinds is basically the fleet average. I'd say that probably falls through at 40%. So kind of in line with our normal fall through, but that volume is pretty meaningful at $3.2 billion as you talked about. So we will offset some of that. High single-digit core and base business is going to be $1.7 billion in change, let's call it, falling through 35% to 40%, but just not enough to fully compensate what's happening with our COVID headwinds here.  So I think you combine that the volume with sort of an overall macro backdrop, Vijay, that I still want to kind of be prudent here from a planning perspective as we head into the year. I want to see how the inflation of the supply chain kind of progresses through the year. China is still a bit of an unknown on how that bounces back. And I kind of I like to start the year with cost structure that's in the right place, and let's see how some of these things sort of play out. And as the year goes on, we'll obviously try to do better, but that's sort of how I'm kind of thinking about the margin for the year. And really, the only difference between Q1 and Q2 from 31% for the full year -- I'm sorry, in Q1, is FX in the first quarter. That's it. We'll have a $225 million FX headwind in Q1. And so, I would say that the same drivers, if you will, for the full year are for Q1.
Matthew McGrew: Yes, Scott. I think when I think about price cost, kind of back to that 200 to 300 basis points of price, we have been positive on price/cost the last, I guess, year here and probably a little bit more. So I think we -- that guide of 200 to 300 basis points would keep us at positive price cost. We are seeing -- I would say that we're seeing some things from a supply chain pressure come down. Freight lanes is probably the one the biggest one that I can think of from a cost perspective. I would tell you that other parts of the supply chain, we probably are seeing availability be better but not necessarily seeing costs come down yet. So I think we're sort of still in that 200 to 300 basis points of price to help offset what is still out there, but there are early signs of things may be turning.
Matthew McGrew: No. No, it's out. Yes, it's already out there. If we need to if we need to -- we can go for more as we've done here, Scott, and you saw that as we built through the year this year.
Matthew McGrew: I'd love to say that it's easy to do, but there's quite a bit of work to get through it, Scott. I mean we've got -- we're still in the early days of the audits, getting the audits done. And after that, we've got a lot of org work, obviously, to do and a whole work stream of people who are working on it. I think we are still very much on track for Q4, the ability to do something here in Q4. Anything earlier, I think just between the audits, the work that remains and the tax ruling, it just takes time for these. So I don't think that's probably a base case scenario for us right now, Scott. I still think Q4 is the way to think about it.
Matthew McGrew: Yes, Patrick. Yes, I mean from a leverage perspective, we've been, I think, a couple of times in our history, we got to a little bit over four. So -- I mean, I think we've always said we don't have much of an appetite to be rated any lower than we are, for sure. So I think that's sort of the outer boundaries of what kind of think about. But we kind of -- we've been all over the place historically. We don't really have a target of two or three. It just sort of moves around with the deal activity, and we sort of take our time to it. And as far as the current rate environment, I don't think it changes it for us. I think we still think about sort of returns in the same way that we did. We've been doing this a long time. We've been in rate environments like this before. We've been in the rate environments that are worse. Last 10 or 12 years, obviously, had at close to zero was a very different time, but I don't think we have fundamentally any changes here given where we're at.
