H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I would say -- Steve, maybe a couple of thoughts here. I think with respect to the first part of your question, what we saw, say, by business in the quarter, I think we saw 3 to 5 businesses fundamentally in line with what we thought we would see during the quarter, with Life Sciences & Diagnostics up slightly and Industrial Tech slightly below. I think, again, as we saw the quarter play out, I think we were very encouraged with the strength of the overall quarter as we look around the business. But certainly, during the quarter, I think we saw some things that give us some pause and obviously have us thinking about the environment here with the acceleration of the cost actions. I think as we think about the second half, certainly, we saw in June, I think, some signs that the second half may play out a little bit differently than we had anticipated originally. Certainly, the China rebound, I think we were anticipating as others were, is going to come; it's probably just not going to come in the time frame that we had anticipated here in the second half. Certainly, Motion and T&M are not rebounding in the way that we had anticipated or had hoped. Now there's an obvious intersection there between Motion and T&M and the China softness. Clearly, there's -- I think there's more uncertainty today in and around some of the life science funding dynamics. And even in the U.S., where we've had another, I think, exceptionally strong quarter, we saw some, if you will, hairline fractures in certain businesses that just have us on alert. I think that, coupled with the headlines, which there are very view positive macro headlines out there globally right now, I think give us the impetus here from a topside perspective to say, hey, the risks are to the downside. Let's take note of the fact we're having a very good year from an earnings, from a cash perspective. But let's proactively, even though the businesses probably have a slightly more optimistic outlook for the second half, go ahead and set the stage to take advantage of the year that we're having to take the cost actions in order to protect our growth environments if the environment does continue to slide here a bit. I think with respect to the quarter, the third quarter here, and the current view, Steve, is that we'll be fundamentally in line with what we saw in the first half, so call that 2.5, 3. And as you think about the fourth, probably more in line here with what we just printed, call it 3, 3.5 on the core side.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes, I'm sorry. A year in here, I think we're very pleased with where we are as we highlighted in some of the prepared remarks. Now certainly, the primary objective there has been quality. I think we've made a lot of progress. You just see that in the reinspections and the new product approvals and just a lot of the internal metrics that we look at on a weekly basis. With respect to growth, and clearly, we're encouraged here with the low single-digit growth in Diagnostics that we're going to print or allude to here, it's not yet part of the core for 3 quarters in a row, I think that speaks to this business really getting back up on its feet, no silver bullet there, Steve, but just a lot of different actions being taken to improve service levels, certainly the quality improvements help. And I think that, coupled with the new product introductions, the investments that we're making in our sales and marketing organizations, has us encouraged that this is a business that, once fully up on its feet, will be a real contributor to Danaher's overall core growth.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, Steve, I would say that July is very much in line with what we were anticipating here, so we're encouraged by that. A little hard to read, at least the U.S., given the 4th of July holiday falling in the middle of the week. But with respect to what we were talking about in the second quarter, in the U.S., I think we saw some signs in and around Life Sciences, certainly, in T&M and, to a lesser degree, in Environmental, where even businesses like -- even some of the businesses that we're printing very good numbers here just had a little bit of softness, a little bit of, say, a forecast miss here or there where we were seeing customers hesitate to write POs, in other cases projects being pushed out a little more than we would have anticipated. I think if we weren't so mindful of the headlines and the drumbeat of negative news, it might be easier to say, hey, well, that -- those are just -- that's just noise. But again, I think we're going to exercise a level of prudence here and to say, hey, the risks probably are to the downside. Let's go ahead and take some proactive actions here that are the right things for the business so that we continue to make the longer-term investments for the corporation.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. Nigel, to be clear, I think that what we're going to see here in the third is a slight downtick from where we were in the second. So call that 2.5, 3, given what we know today. I think we would see near the fourth quarter step up from that, call it to 3, 3.5. But you're kind of in a band where the first half is going to be in line with the second half. Beckman does kick in. It kicked in for a week, but that was just -- it's not meaningful in the second quarter. It kicks in here obviously -- here forward and has an ever so slight dilutive effect. But at this point, given the performance that we're seeing there, it's not much to call out. So I think what we're looking at -- again, I think in light of what we're seeing or not seeing in China, certainly, the softness at T&M, in particular in China and elsewhere, and just some concerns about the way the macro environment plays out in the second half has us putting that outlook together, but one in which we think we can drive good market share gains in.
H. Lawrence Culp: Nigel, it's a judgment call. So admittedly, it's hard to describe for you how much of it is a view of what we're seeing internally, how much of it is a function of what we see out the window here. But I think all -- and even though the comps do get easier, China is going to take a while to rebound. I think the political dynamics there are probably more pronounced than we had perhaps anticipated. That said, they're clearly engaging. Europe is what it is, and the U.S. has been quite strong for us. But I think we want to make sure that come what may, around the world, we're still in a position to make the growth investments in the second half of this year, the first half of next year, admits that uncertainty so that we're driving the company forward over the long haul. That's the way we've always managed. We'd like to think this is a prudent approach, some may call it conservative. That's fine to our ears. I think at the end of the day, that if things are better, we'll obviously print better numbers. But given what we know today and don't, I think this is the right thing to do.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think that what we're clearly seeing there, Jon, is the softening in the spending drivers, particularly with respect to some of the government-funded dynamics. I think, particularly, as we look at some of our big ticket products, the new products, which is SCIEX and Leica, I think we're encouraged by those product launches, probably hurt us a little bit, both with the new mass specs out of SCIEX and Leica with the new confocal, given the timing. I know we hung some customers up here in the second quarter as they were evaluating and, in turn, placing orders on the new products, shipments obviously to come. But I don't think the new product launches are going to be pronounced enough for us not to see some softening in the core in Life Sciences. So I still think Life Sciences & Diagnostics, as a whole, probably will be one of our leading segments from a growth perspective. But Diagnostics will clearly be the better performing business of the 2 as we look at the second half.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, certainly, I think we've got a lot of the things within our control getting better every day, and that's obviously helpful. There's still some factors where we're working with others to improve our ability to grow. But I think at this point, Jon, as we look at next year, I think low singles is probably what makes sense with respect to expectations, with mid-singles being certainly within reach for 2014.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think that by and large, Scott, we would characterize the other deals here, absent X-Rite, as really bolt-ons, where we're bringing on capability, bringing on distribution resources that bolt on in a clear, close, strategic way to existing businesses. I mentioned a couple in the prepared remarks. Certainly, within TEK Comms, where we've seen tremendous growth, VSS gives us tremendous capacity to continue the monitoring capability that TEK Comms does for the wireless carriers. These network switches are really part of a technology term where we think VSS is very well positioned. So they'll be working hand in hand with the TEK Comms business to make sure that, around the world, we're taking their capability and putting it forward in front of customers in the best possible way. And we mentioned Catlow down at GVR as well, a company we've known for a long time. But as we expand our vapor recovery offering, certainly, having that hanging hardware capability that they have is an important addition, but again, kind of a classic Danaher bolt-on acquisition in that regard.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think, by and large, Scott, that's a good -- certainly, Fluke's a good barometer for us in that regard. The fact we've got 40% of our business on consumables also gives us kind of a really good pulse in addition to some of the other POS data that we have. We really can't, at this point, separate China from the rest of the emerging market basket. I think what we've seen in China has really been, I think, evidence of the slowdown there outside of healthcare. I'm encouraged by that, because while we don't like the fact that we've certainly seen our non-healthcare businesses basically be flattish with flat to slightly down, with T&M being down double digit, the healthcare businesses, I think because of the government's actions purely with its rural healthcare initiatives, have been quite strong, in addition to what they're trying to do to establish an indigenous of life science research capability. But it is what it is, and I don't think that underlying business that we see in Industrial and in Environmental, let alone in T&M, gets materially better until late this year or early next year. But if I go to the other side of the so-called BRICS plus, even though some of the headlines out of India and Brazil have not been, I think, particularly encouraging. By and large, we're seeing a good consistent, steady growth. In many of those markets, we have modest positions. Though the base that we're growing off of is not that pronounced, that's a good thing for us. We're clearly getting our bearings and really understanding how to play and compete in those parts of the world. But there's really no place else in the world right now, Scott, that we would say we're seeing the sort of broad softening x healthcare that we're seeing in China.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes, I mean, certainly, Shannon, speaking to Dental, I think we're very pleased with that. Really, the first half performance all the way around, given the environment, could not have been better. I wouldn't say it's a breakthrough though, because we've got 3 years, this looks like it's going to be the fourth year in a row, where we had very steady margin improvement in Dental. And I think they know, even though they print, what, 14.4% here in the quarter, that there's plenty of upside still as we adjust the cost structure and get quality growth out of that business. So again, I think a lot of us remember some of the false starts that we had there way back when, but that now is really something for the history books. And the trend they're on, here again in the first half of this year, I think is indicative of what that business and that team is capable of delivering.
H. Lawrence Culp: Which, in turn, Shannon, of course, is why we are optimistic and, I think, ready to go here on the M&A front, right. We talked about what we have to spend here. You think about the $5 billion of firepower over the next couple of years. If the environment does become a bit more uncertain, as we are thoroughly suggesting that it could, that just can't help but make the M&A environment more attractive to us. We're ready to go.
H. Lawrence Culp: Charlie, the $100 million in aggregate that we're flagging this morning will be well distributed across segments and geographies. I think as you may know, when we've talked about these actions at this stage probably in the past, we've tried to not getting into too much detail. I think that we prefer to have the opportunity to talk to affected associates before we talk about any specifics publicly, and we'll do that again here this year. But suffice it to say, obviously, the bulk of our developed market's footprint is where a lot of the structural cost in the corporation resides. We will be working hard in that regard. And some of the businesses that have lower relative margins today are probably the ones where there's a bit more upside and potential to improve our structural cost position in order to, again, preserve and protect those growth investments in the second half of this year and next year, which we think are really the long-term fuel for the organization.
H. Lawrence Culp: Let me take them in reverse order. There's always more you can do. I think that's rooted in the DBS mindset. We have done a lot, as Dan was mentioning earlier. Having done a lot over time is one reason we have such high margins at T&M and why we're going to feel that effect of the revenue softness in the second half. I think we prefer again not to get too specific here in mid-July. We'll keep you posted as we talk to associates through the second half. But suffice it to say, again, we'll be looking at everything as we get ready for the final implementation of this plan. With respect to what we saw through the quarter, the book-to-bill, again, at TEK was positive in -- I mean, positive in terms of being north of 1.0. But I think what we've seen is, again, that intersection between pronounced softness in China, particularly Europe to a lesser degree, and just a hesitancy, perhaps a much more subdued investment level on the part of customers, at least temporarily here, that have us, I think, looking at the second half, again, in line with what we saw in the first half, where T&M is not going to be the growth leader for us, particularly on the instrument side, that we have seen in years past.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that those constraints are not dissimilar from the realities that we anticipated when we've made these relative investments over time, and particularly so with Beckman last year. But I just continue to think that on the Diagnostic side, Jon, what we do from a scientific perspective is provide information at the front end of care, which can't help but be part of the solution long term to some of these macro pressures that all payers, government or otherwise are going to see. I think on the Life Science side, what we are, I think, well positioned to do is really skate to where the puck is, if you will, and not necessarily be tethered in a broad-based way to overall spending of what we do at AB SCIEX in mass spec, what we do at Leica with confocals. Very much it's targeted to the higher growth, the higher interest, the higher impact areas and categories where research work is being done. I think if we can continue do to that strategically, we'll be mindful of the macro pressures and any posterior budget effects that fall through our customers. I think we'll be well positioned to take, if you will, our unfair share of those overall budgets because of the value we'll be providing our customers.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think if you look at Life Sciences & Diagnostics here again in the quarter, they were our star, right. I think we're flagging that the Life Science environment, at least, in the short term, probably gets a bit more challenging for us. But that said, I think anything that we might do in Life Sciences & Diagnostics, Jon, is really a function of the opportunities that we see to improve the overall cost structure, much as we have at Beckman, 400 basis points up over the last year, much as we've done at AB SCIEX over the last 2 years, where I think we've been able to improve the cost structure while improving the overall operation of the business and, clearly, increasing the investment envelope up there for new technology and being a more serious player from a sales and service view, globally. So I think what we're suggesting here this morning is really borne of a global macro view and a desire to have more control over our destiny in a more uncertain world and not really a direct or indirect tieback to some of the long-term pressures that you're alluding to. And again I think there are long-term opportunities embedded there as well, which we're strategically very keen to go take advantage of.
H. Lawrence Culp: Terry, I'd say this, from time-to-time, as you well know, we've been opportunistic in buying back shares. But I think our bias today is consistent with our long-term bias, and that is to redeploy our free cash by way of M&A. But obviously, it's something that we and the board constantly evaluate. But our long-term bias, I think, is very much intact as we look forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think the throttling back, Deane, is exactly what we're trying to avoid. I think if we were not taking the actions here in the second half, given the macro uncertainties, we might be dialing back some things in the margin, which, frankly, are sometimes the easiest things to pull back on when things are getting tighter or more uncertain, but by the same token, the very things that you ought to protect in tough times. So I think what we want to do is make sure we are taking out the structural costs that we can in a good year here to make sure that come what may, the go-to-market investments that we're making, be that in emerging markets, be that with respect to digital marketing, let alone the science and technology bets that we're making in new product development, are protected and, in some cases, increased.
Daniel L. Comas: And if you looked at it by -- Steve, maybe by segment, just quickly, we'd be looking at 4 of the 5 segments being up low single to mid-single with the exception being T&M, where we would expect that to be down. It's not that the instrument business is getting worse, but, as we alluded, that the communications business is not going to sustain its double-digit growth it's had here in the first half, in part because of the comp issues. So we could see T&M down kind of low single digit to mid-single digit here in the third quarter. And as kind of Larry alluded to are the numbers from our businesses would be higher than that. So most -- some of our segments, where we're telling you we think it's low single to mid-single in some of our businesses, with their numbers, they were all up to more of a mid-single-digit point of view. So I think we're taking, again, a little bit of a top level perspective and adjustment here, given the macro environment, given the few things we've seen here of late.
Daniel L. Comas: Yes. As you know, as we've talked about, T&M is our highest gross margin segment, and obviously, that's hurting us here. And we will see that impact again here in the third quarter, and you'll see a step-down sequentially in our margins Q2 to Q3 in T&M.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, I think, well, obviously, we've done a fair amount of pruning the last couple years. And given our joint venture with Cooper, soon to be heating [ph] with the tools -- on the tools front, a business that had a very good second quarter and, in fact, sequentially. So as revenues rise $25 million and with terrific fall-through hits, $25 million sequential increase in revenues and a $10 million increase in OP sequentially, Q1 to Q2, I mean, that's something that obviously down the road, under the right situation, could be something that could be used for acquisition proceeds.
Daniel L. Comas: No, it's more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter. What you're seeing in the third quarter is primarily an FX dynamic. The euro kind of peaked this time last year. The year-on-year, we have about a $0.05 headwind. And then actually, even sequentially, we have about a $0.02 headwind between Q2 and Q3, given the dollar really didn't begin to strengthen significantly until June. That, coupled with -- of the expectation, slightly lower growth sequentially and some restructuring, frames up the guide here for Q3.
Daniel L. Comas: And in terms -- I mean, in terms of the multiple, I think the one that's most relative, just given the size, would be X-Rite. It's more kind of an adjacency-type acquisition, and we paid about 10x trailing EBITDA there. Given the cost takeout, some of the public company costs that come out very quickly, we can scale that down very quickly.
Daniel L. Comas: I think the other segment that we've been particularly pleased would be in the Industrial segment, where on modest growth, overall -- good growth at PID, but negative impact from the Motion-related businesses. We've been able to sustain that 20% segment operating margins, see core operating margin improvement in this quarter to about 100 basis points. Again, that's somewhat of a function of what we did in the fourth quarter of last year, another reason why we're teeing up some restructuring here, but we're also getting somewhat of a favorable price cost dynamic in Industrial Technology as well. We've got about 1.5 point of price in that segment. And given some of the commodity and some of the brief in declines in commodity prices, it doesn't benefit us a lot across the other segments, but it does definitely benefit us there.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, we printed a little bit, over $1.4 billion in the first half. I think we're positioned to kind of print a comparable number to that here in the second half. That would be a probably $400 million year-on-year increase in free cash flow. That continues to track very well. We did get a slight benefit versus last year. We had higher tax payments in the first half, lower in the second half. That'll be a little bit different this year. They were low in the first half. We'll be a little bit higher in the second half. But that's a small factor though. Overall, our working capital performance continues to be very strong. And we've got $350 million of amortization flowing through as well, and that continues to support that very high conversion ratio.
Daniel L. Comas: Sorry, I'd have to look at it. Nothing jumps to me off-line right here, but I can -- I'll take a look at it.
Daniel L. Comas: Sure. Terry, we were about 35% in Q2 when you factor out the acquisitions and the FX impact. We should be in that zone here. And again, the one segment we will be challenged here will be T&M as we expect that segment to be down, tipping the third quarter. I think there will be less of a comp [ph] in the fourth quarter to where we expect to be down low single to mid-single digits in terms of growth and expect segment margins to be down a couple of hundred basis points sequentially. But outside that, the other 4 segments should be in that 35% zone.
Daniel L. Comas: Terry, that's largely been -- things have been largely up by the Life Science-Diagnostics space over the last 2 to 3 quarters. I think we expect that to continue, though I -- we will probably -- now that we're a year post-Beckman, we'll start to be looking at bolt-ons for that space as well. Given where we are from a capital structure, we paid down -- our net debt down almost $2.5 billion over the last 12 months. I think we're geared back up beyond just looking at bolt-ons. And whether it's adjacency-type deals like X-Rite or even larger deals, I think those are all being considered right now. And given the macro environment, obviously, that creates some uncertainty in the marketplace and on Wall Street, that tends to be good for people like us. And we're optimistic we're going to be able to put the money to work here.
Daniel L. Comas: Deane, we would expect to complete this $100 million of restructuring by the end of the year and would expect a slightly north of a 1-year payback that'll -- in the ballpark of a $75 million benefit next year.
