Tom Joyce: Sure Tycho. Happy to, as I think you probably know well, we don't have a lot of truly industrial exposure left in the portfolio today. Call it 10% or less of the overall portfolio so admittedly we're perhaps not a great read but I'm happy to share with you some of the details behind some of the specific businesses that you asked about. In terms of the trends we're seeing broadly defined across these businesses, in general they're still pretty solid. Let's call it low single digit, mid-single digit growth rates across these businesses that I'll tell you about in a little bit more detail. So maybe let's start with say a portion of Hach. So Hach has some industrial exposure that the industrial side of Hach was up mid-single digits in the quarter. The order trends remain pretty solid across both the U.S. and Europe. Overall Hach was with low single digits in the second quarter but again that was against that big double-digit comp last year that impacted us in China. So again just look at the industrial side, pretty solid. You mentioned Pall industrial again another portion that maybe worth a little bit of a read. Pall industrial up mid single-digits in the quarter. So pretty good performance. Where we saw a little bit of softness was certainly in microelectronics that was expected. We clearly have some difficult comps there two years of double digit growth and that market has clearly softened up based on lot that’s going on in terms of the trade dynamics and that's – that market is probably not likely to improve much in the second half of the year but so that's a little bit of a soft spot there, but at Pall industrial that was more than offset by our aerospace business and what we call FTAP which is fluid technologies and asset protection both aerospace and FTAP were up double digits in the quarter. So again put that altogether mid single digit growth Pall Industrial, pretty solid VJ, you mentioned VJ again a little bit of exposure there at VJ. That was up again depending on the sub-segment low single digit to mid single digits, pretty small numbers at DJ but against your trends were pretty solid. And DJ's overall comp was although low single digit in the quarter, was again the high single digit prior year. So net we keep a very close eye on what's going on in these sub-markets. We do think they can be indicative of maybe some broader trends but our order trends remain pretty steady and again we don't have a ton of exposure but happy to keep bringing those indicators forward for everybody so sort of broader sense of the macro.
Tom Joyce: Yes. Thanks. We feel very good about where we are in China. Obviously, that starts with the nature of our platform's positions there. When you think about Life Sciences diagnostics, Water Quality, the concerns around the environment, certainly even our Dental business which continues to be really well-positioned there and growing strongly, starting in the broad sense of the platform position we love where those businesses and how that platform is positioned for the secular growth drivers in China. And despite the headlines which clearly indicates that there are some slowing in China we continue to see pretty good underlying conditions and I think just to go through a few specifics, diagnostics was very strong. We're talking mid-teens kind of growth there especially at Cepheid which is again off the small base but continued to grow nicely. Beckman is doing well there. Another strong quarter of life sciences of high single digits and of course dental demand continuing a double-digit growth. So good performance there. Product ID again a smaller position in China, but pretty solid mid-single digit growth, but as I mentioned this again is probably a couple of more puts and takes there in China than we might normally have seen. Water quality being one of those against this federal mandate that existed last year around service monitoring. So that's a little bit of an impact and again what I mentioned about micro down and even that [FTAP] business probably a touch lighter. So a few little pockets there but again if we step back broadly I think we're in good shape there. As we look forward I think we'll continue to see mid-single digits to high single digit growth in Q3, but again that's only because of really this tougher comp where we had high teens, growth in Q3 of ‘18 largely driven by the water quality business. So we don't really see a meaningful slowdown in our businesses at this point, but clearly given the headlines and the data that's been put out more recently, the ongoing trade tensions, we're watching these businesses very, very closely and we will continue to update as we see things.
Tom Joyce: We're clearly continuing to invest around new products in that business but the lower volumes, I think are meaningful here, Tycho. It’s certainly the investment is a function there and that we think it's important to set this business up effectively for the growth to come and you've seen us lift R&D spending by 100 basis points over the last couple of years and so that portion of what we think is really essential to the future growth trajectory of the business but the volume trend is really what we need to get those new product innovations to begin to turn along with some just tailwind in that market. I think as we see that volume come back a bit that's going to be the incremental jump that we're going to need in terms of the OMX, so I think it's really a combination of those things that we'd be looking for certainly as we turn the corner into next year. I think as we look at the balance of this year we're going to continue to drive some of those investments. We're still going to have some challenges in terms of the overall growth in this market, but I think we remain very, very bullish about the prospects for this business to improve both the growth trajectory and the operating margins as we head into 2020 and beyond. 
Tom Joyce: Sure. Thanks Ross. You termed the flywheel is one where we love a lot, and obviously from that standpoint turning the flywheel, I would say it's still early days at Cepheid and yet we've begun to turn that flywheel at a pretty good rate but there's still opportunities to continue to enhance the RPMs, if you will. So let me take it through a few of the details. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we were up north of 20% in the second quarter and some of that continues to come from our, what we call our HBDC market or High Burden Developing Country growth, but if you even backed out of the High Burden Developing Countries where we continue to see good growth, Cepheid continued to be up mid-teens in many of the core areas and core assays. So that growth continues to be really broad-based. Infectious disease led the way, flu, RSV, Strep all strong, sexual health also very good. The flu season and normally by the time we get into July here, we're not usually talking about flu, but just to go back a second, it did last – it lingered a little bit longer into April, which probably on the margin helped growth a bit as well. So I think the combination of things, with very good performance in the core assays and the developed markets and then continued good performance in HBDC. From a DBS perspective, a number of key things going on from an innovation and commercial execution perspective that are helping us to continue to drive share gains. We've netted over 300 new customers since acquisition, which is really meaningful in terms of not only the installed base that is built, but obviously the annuity stream that's associated with those captive consumables. So that market leading installed base is now north of 20,000 instruments. We closed, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, I mentioned IDNs. We've closed a number of major health systems or IDNs and that is again continuing to drive the installed base with strong annuity streams. The anchor assays, like flu and Strep A are key to develop to driving those wins. And I think over time we're going to, we're going to see some penetration in the physician office labs in an even deeper way with our CLIA-waived Xpress offerings and because I think those will be an important part of it. So overall, I think the team is in great shape. I was with the team at Cepheid in the early part of the year and they continue to perform exceptionally well. But I think it's still early days. I think one way to think about the early days is in terms of geographic penetration. We're still coming off a relatively small base in China, but the molecular diagnostics opportunity in China is really strong. Today, China is still probably sub-5% of Cepheid and it's going to be significantly bigger than that as years go on. We're working on getting beyond the initial test that we have approved in China, which are really around MTB and C. diff, HIV viral load, etc and we continue to build the sales force, it's up by 3X times where we started. And we got 4x or 5x the revenue. So again, small base, early days, but I think plenty of room to go.
Tom Joyce: Sure. I think in terms of small versus large, I think we continue to see solid growth from the segment of market that's more oriented toward small molecule. Well, Ross that that's sort of our legacy, if we looked at the SCIEX business as an example of that, continued solid performance across the small molecule business, large molecule, biologics is where the faster growth is, and we see that in our Pall numbers. The Pall Life Science business up double-digits. The biotech part of that was really led by our single-use technologies and that's, those are – those single-use technologies are significantly oriented, it's not exclusively oriented to the biologic side of the house. iCELLis, I mentioned iCELLis and the iCELLis bioreactor continues to be a big source of growth for us. We look at the areas of cell and gene therapy as huge opportunities. And again, it's still early days in those markets. So I'd say coming through at all, small molecule, solid, pretty consistent large molecule, continued strong growth. You asked specifically about China. Thanks, thanks for your recent visit. That market is going quite well. But again, I think that's still a market that is in development. A lot of the history there began in the small molecule area, some of what's going on there around biosimilars is clearly a source of growth. But that market will continue to evolve over time. There is a tremendous amount of government investments that's going on, as you also probably found when you were there. And so we're very bullish about how our business in Life Science, is not just on, by the way that the process technologies you might say around filtration and ultimately around chromatography. But I think our tools business as well, whether we're talking about SCIEX and the evolution of the use of mass spectrometry in large molecules or the use of our other Life Science tools around biologic drug development and discovery. Those businesses are all tracking well.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Yeah, you bet, happy to. First of all, we have a terrific team on that business today. Melissa Aquino who I have worked with for a long time, actually came out of our Water Quality business, ran our DBS office prior to this role is leading that business today, and just doing a wonderful job, both in terms of driving new product execution as well as the commercial side of the house. One of the things that I've been particularly impressed with is, I was with that business earlier this year, Derik, they've got the new product engines now working in that business. We struggled a bit three, four, five years ago with getting products out of R&D on time. They were great products, they ultimately were targeted at the right market. We are now getting those out faster. The rate of new product introduction is higher than it's ever been before and we're seeing the impact of that in the growth rates both in histology, the core microtome tissue processor, what you might think of is kind of the more [indiscernible] stuff is at the front end of anatomical pathology, as well as better growth rates and more product innovation around advanced staining. We still have work to do around path imaging, you recall years ago, we did the acquisition of Aperio, we think there's tremendous opportunities around the evolution of digital pathology. We have – I think many of – much of the tool set, that it takes to move pathology imaging into the mainstream, if you will, of anatomical pathology, but we've got some product development that continues to need to be done. And frankly, it's a market that's slow to adapt to those technologies, and we will need to be a little bit patient as those transitions take place within the community of pathologists. But a lot of good things going on there, but I would point primarily to product development engine, now running far more smoothly and efficiently.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Let's take in there. But let me give it a shot. So let's have a key – first of all, we continue to be really impressed with the GE team, we mentioned that when we announced the deal, that we found that coming through due diligence. But as we normally do with large acquisitions, we put a transition team together, we acquired – the soon to be acquired business has a transition team. And so, we continue to get some exposure to that team and we remain really impressed by them, it's a highly passionate and talented group with great industry experience. As you saw in Q1 from them the business is off to a great start in 2019. What we've heard a little bit is just sort of very anecdotally that things continue to track quite well. Their first quarter was – at core growth above where they've been in the last couple of years. So all indications are the business is in wonderful shape. From a transaction standpoint, we issued the equity in Q1. Clearly, the debt financing ought to be helped by what we're seeing now in lower rates, assuming those kind of hold in both the U.S. and Europe and that's just in comparison to when we announced the deal. So overall, we feel very good about where we are. No change to our expectations. We've had good and constructive dialog with the regulators and we're working with them like we would on any other deal. And so we're continuing to drive toward a fourth quarter close and feel good about that. Relative to your second question, which was around small molecule versus large molecule cell and gene therapy, and profitability, and then you made specific reference to Zolgensma and the recent introduction of that breakthrough product by the division of Novartis, your question was really around profitability, I guess. First of all, going back to the core, we've always seen good profitability in our business around small molecule related applications and large molecule. I would say no difference. Obviously as we continue to develop breakthrough new products associated with the evolution of biological drug discovery, development and processes, we continue to focus on enhancing gross margins, as we drive new product development and so obviously the value that we deliver to shareholders is directly associated back to the gross margin that we're able to achieve. And so we continue to really keep the long horizon in mind, in terms of what the market needs are, and continue to drive products that will help to enhance gross margin, which they've done. And so we feel good about that. Now, when it comes to cell and gene therapy, it's so early in the evolution of that market today, that it's hard to say anything that's particularly material or quantitative around overall profitability, even our iCELLis product line, which is doing exceptionally well. It's still early days and its market penetration as fast as that pickup has been and as unique of that product is in the market. So more to come over time, but in general, our outlook is profitability looks very solid across this market. Zolgensma as you mentioned, you probably know from what's been publicized is a unique therapy, is a breakthrough, it's incredibly impactful to children under the age of two, and it's a very costly therapy. And that's a challenge in healthcare today is the cost of developing therapies and so on. But that's a dynamic that where quite a number of steps removed from when it comes to drug pricing and the relationship with the payers. And so I think the continued evolution of the technologies associated with these breakthroughs is going to be imperative for our customers today and we're proud to be a part of it, but we certainly recognize the challenges that are associated with how costly these have become. Just one last point, that many of you have probably heard me say that at Danaher, we have a, what we call our shared purpose and it's four simple words, helping realize life's potential, whether that's the potential for our associates or our customers, our shareholders. Ultimately in many respect patients and there's probably no better example of how we help realize life's potential when it comes to healthcare than when a tool of ours can play a role in really impacting the quality of life for patients. So we're proud to be a part of that and there is more to come and it's still early days.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Doug. So first of all on Pall around win rates in gene therapy, and you mentioned specifically iCELLis and that's a good place to start when it comes to gene therapy. iCELLis is a unique product, not to suggest that there is only one way to affect what iCELLis affects in terms of bioreactor, but its capabilities are particularly unique in the market and as a result of that the leaders in that market segment associated with the projection steps in gene therapy have chosen iCELLis at a pretty consistent rate. And so, while I won't begin to quote right now a specific win rate percentage. I would tell you, it's just, it's very high and that has to do with the unique capabilities that iCELLis delivers in this market that is, it's difficult to do with the quality and the efficiency and the cost effectiveness that iCELLis allows for. So we feel very good about that, but again it's still because the gene and cell therapy market is still nascent today. We can feel great about that but the materiality of that is something that will only build over time. It will build at a reasonably rapid rate, but again a nascent market today. Your question specifically about the customer reaction or anticipation I guess as you framed it for the GE deal and impacting of Pall demand. I don't know today that we would point to anything specific in that regard, Doug. I would tell you quick sort of an anecdote,I was in China a couple of months ago and was it was with a significant Pall customer. They happen to be a GE customer as well as most large customers that I might meet with either in China or any high-growth market or even in the U.S. or Europe. But in this particular case, it was, there was an appreciation for the fact that the combination of those two businesses in terms of the type of service and support that that customer would expect, the fact that we become more meaningful to one another in a positive and constructive way was something that they feel very good about. And so those are just anecdotes. I don't know if there's anything we would point to today that is a demand impact today that we could see into relative to the top line.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Doug. And we obviously as that's an important battleground we paid a good deal of attention to that. As you said third straight quarter of mid single-digit growth. We feel very good about that. Some of the things that led the way are we continue to see very good growth in our immunoassay business in the core Central Lab. You'll recall that we had, we've developed and launched a new automation system the DxH system which has taken our competitive advantage in particularly high volume accounts to a new level. And so we feel very good about that, but probably one of the key things that is a difference today is our hematology business. And for those you Doug and others who follow us for a number of years, that even going back to the acquisition of Beckman to begin with hematology with the headwind. And so we made a significant amount of investment in new product development. We have transformed that product line. Those new products specifically around of both high and mid volume specifically in the high volume the DxH 900 as well as the early sepsis indicator capabilities that we have now launched are contributing together to turn the tide. We continually look at retention and win rates and we have seen those increment upward consistently over the last, particularly over the last two years and those new products around automation and hematology have clearly been a big part of it. China continues to be a strong driver for us at north of 10%. And so that's a plus as well. So the combination, still work to do, there is still minute gaps that we're working on that we – couple of critical ones that we will look to close more likely in 2020. And so I think we're continuing to see good performance. I think if you step back, just for one second and think about the impact this has had on the diagnostic platform. If you think about the improvement in Beck Dx now at mid-single digits with the addition of Cepheid now with its terrific performance . We now have a diagnostic platform with core growth at 7.5% that we think will as the comps come out will stack up reasonably well and now a platform that's been solidly mid-single digits for eight straight quarters. So I think Beckman is important certainly with the combination of Beckman with solid performance at Radiometer like the biosystems, and the high growth rate at Cepheid is really what solidified that stronger overall platform position and it's really the platform together. When we look at clinical chemistry immunoassay, hematology, urinalysis, microbiology and across the other modalities in anatomical pathology in acute care, that really is the right comp against some pretty good competitors.
