Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Scott, and good morning. China unquestionably is – remains a very good market for us despite much of the headlines that would certainly suggest that there's slowing in various areas. We were very pleased with the performance in China, and I think it was relatively broad-based. If you looked at Danaher versus Fortive, let's say, Danaher was up high-single-digits in China, and Fortive was up mid-single-digits in China. So I think a number of good examples where China remains a very attractive market for us. Relative to your specific question on Fluke, Fluke is just – is an exceptional business overall. We've had a – it's probably one of our most advanced businesses in terms of both go-to-market as well as local production and product development in China. And while there's clearly still some softness around various industrial segments of the Chinese market, Fluke is a very strong brand in that market and has a very strong share position. So I think we're encouraged by some of the stabilization we see in some of the markets, and in other of those markets, we just continue to see very strong growth. Our Dental business continues to perform exceptionally well in China. Life Sciences & Diagnostics broadly continuing to perform well there. So, again, while clearly the headlines would show that that market has pulled back a little bit in the aggregate, it's still a very good place to be.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Thanks. Just to follow on Dan's comment a little bit, the team at Pall has just done a tremendous job. It's, as we've mentioned before, it's a great combination of both some seasoned Danaher leaders as well as an exceptional group of folks who have been at Pall for a long time, who together have really brought DBS to life in that business in rapid fashion. You heard me mention about the 100 Kaizens that have gone on. Those have gone on literally around the world. And it's just one indication of the rapid rate at which the Pall team has adopted the tools of DBS, and really that has truly contributed to not only the growth dynamic that we're seeing, but certainly has assisted in us getting ahead on the cost takeouts on the margin side.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: I would just add to that, I think we've mentioned this maybe once before, but if you think back to the play book that we ran post the Beckman acquisition, I think the play book here at Pall is very similar, which is there's a number of opportunities to get cost out of the business broadly defined. And we're working on those, obviously, to start to see the margins coming up. But the play book is to then redeploy some of that cost takeout into investments in sales and marketing in R&D. You see us do that broadly across Danaher with gross margins going up and sales and marking and R&D on the quarter for Danaher in total up 30 basis points. We did that at Beckman. R&D lifted over time. We started to get the innovation engine going. Innovation at Pall has always been a strong suit there, but we think we can take it up another level. So some of those cost takeouts will ultimately translate into either higher spending or potentially more efficient spending if we find opportunities to do a better job innovating at the same cost rate. We'll see.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Nigel. Our comments about stability were not exclusively associated with Fluke. In fact, I think there's some pockets even around the Fluke business where we've seen stability, but we've also seen still some real headwinds. But I think we have seen stability in some other areas. You asked specifically about on the Industrial Tech side. The Automation businesses, our Sensors & Controls businesses, as we looked at those throughout the course of the quarter, February and March, we saw indications of stability. We saw those order rates kind of firm up a little bit. And while we wouldn't call it an upward trajectory, we would call those a bit more stable than we had seen in the trajectory of the fourth quarter and maybe at the very opening of the year. You mentioned Tektronix, I wouldn't necessarily put Tektronix quite in that category yet. It had one of the more challenging quarters. It's in one of the tougher markets probably that we face today. And so I think while we're very encouraged by the new product flow at Tektronix and we expect to see those new products drive some improved performance in the back half of the year, tech remains in a pretty challenging environment.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Yeah. No, absolutely right. Yeah. Thanks, Nigel. You're right on. If you look at Environmental, which as all of you know both has our GVR business as well as our Water Quality businesses, GVR had stronger growth during the course of the quarter, very encouraging signs of the EMV dynamic taking hold. And GVR comes through that with a lower margin mix relative to our Water Quality platform which has higher margins, and specifically Hach. So a little bit softer Hach business, a little bit stronger GVR business during the course of the quarter together causes some of that headwind that you saw on the margin line there. The reference to investment spend is specific to what we need to do to build the capacity to step up to the demand associated with EMV. And so we see that in specifically in our GVR business, and those are investments that clearly will pay off as we continue to ramp our capabilities. And as we go into the second quarter and beyond, we would expect those margins overall in the segment to return closer to normal levels. Obviously, some continued investment there, but we expect water quality to come up a bit. So, overall, I think there were just a couple unique factors here in the first quarter.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Well, you're absolutely right, Shannon. It's been a challenge in the past, and we did set our sights and commit to making a difference there. We have some new leadership in place over the platform. Many of you have met Amir Aghdaei, who has led a number of our businesses over the last several years and some of our more challenging businesses. And he's really put a terrific team together. They've set their sights on specific margin improvements over time. There was some outstanding execution, some disciplined cost control. But similar to the comments I made earlier around the play book, I made reference to the Beckman play book and how that applies to Pall, while we'll continue to drive margin improvement at Dental under the team's leadership, we'll also take some of that improvement and continue to invest in sales and marketing and in R&D, because we do have opportunities for improvement in terms of our innovation cadence. We saw some modest improvement there in our core growth in the platform during the quarter, but we know there's opportunities to continue to improve that. We expect it to continue to step up, but some additional investment over time with some of that cost takeout will certainly be a help.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Steve. I've said for a long time I've always believed that there is no magic number for a business with the diverse portfolio that we have today. We really look at continuing to invest in R&D to certain levels specifically at an operating company level. And that's obviously relevant for – or relative to what's important to those markets, what's important for our competitiveness, what yields the greatest levels of competitive advantage from an innovation perspective. So we really look at it sort of operating company by operating company. Our track record is a great one and it will continue of taking R&D up year-on-year pretty consistently. We've used our operating margin expansion that's been driven by improvements in gross margin to put some of that back into not only R&D but into sales and marketing as well. And again, we've done that very consistently. I would expect that we will continue to do that. One of our five core values is Innovation Defines Our Future. And we represent that in our metrics by continuing to see that percent of R&D go up year-on-year. So, again, it will vary in terms of the number that we achieve year-on-year by operating company or even by platform, but using innovation to drive competitiveness is key to our strategy.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Thanks, Ross. Yes – no question the pharma market is an important driver of our growth across the Life Science portfolio. And we have exposure to that growing market across virtually every one of our Life Science businesses. Pall, specific to your question around biotech and small and mid-size, continues to perform exceptionally well across the biotech market. Just to go back and talk about a few things about what's going on in that market, Pall has a billion-dollar business today that's oriented towards biopharmaceuticals. And the combination of the solutions that they've had for a number of years along with the newer products in single-use technologies continue to drive the exceptional growth that we see there. That growth, as I think many of you know, Ross, and others know is really driven by this move, the growth and the transition from small molecule drugs to large molecule drugs. And not only are those the fastest growing segment of the market, but they're also the drugs that are most significantly represented in the pipelines of both small as well as large pharmaceutical companies today. So we remain optimistic and bullish on that market, and I think there's every reason to believe that we'll continue to see good growth not only from Pall but from our other Life Science businesses that have exposure to that market.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: And that's on top of a couple more we did late last year. So in the last four or five months, it's three deals, Jeff.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Deane, no real change to our view of the full year at 2% to 3%. I think our comments referring to some stabilization that we've seen here in the last couple of months I think suggest – as well as by the way how that was represented in the order rates, not just the sellout but the order rates in the last couple of months, suggest that we still feel pretty good about the 2% to 3%. So I think we're going to stay there.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Well, it certainly was a very challenging comp year-on-year. The platform overall I think comped at 10% versus last year, Deane. So it was probably, among the platforms that we have, it was probably the toughest comp perhaps across the entire corporation. So that was certainly challenging. We have seen some delays in some key projects in a couple of the high-growth markets. So that was certainly a factor there. In certain of those high-growth markets, we actually have a little bit more industrial exposure than purely municipal exposure, and that obviously had an impact in those markets.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Again, we don't – that business, you know it well, Deane, is just one of our exceptional franchises. And we're confident that business continues to – will continue to grow over time and we'll see that business' core growth rate improve here in the second quarter.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Well, we wish we had an answer today to the infrastructure challenges that lead pipes represent in that situation. It's just terrible to see the challenges that that community has gone through. But I think if we try to look on the bright side from the standpoint of the overall market dynamics, situations like that always turn the spotlight up on the importance of regulatory oversight in municipalities around the country, and frankly, throughout the world. And so, if those regulatory drivers continue to be strengthened, to be pointed at the greatest vulnerabilities in municipal and industrial systems, that, again, while challenging for those communities, ultimately benefits consumers and certainly benefits us. Regulatory drivers have always been a key macro driver for that platform, and they will continue to be so for as long as we can anticipate.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Well, our Dental growth overall, Julian, was at a half a percent was basically in line with our expectations, modest improvement from where we've been over the last few quarters. And obviously as we talked just a few minutes ago, we're very pleased with seeing the OMX up at the rate that I talked about earlier. We saw solid low-single-digit growth in consumables and sell-out continues and actually is a fraction better than even our sell-in. So we always look at that sell-out. We have good transparency with our distribution partners, and we're encouraged by that. The Nobel Implant Systems business, mid-single-digit average daily sales growth in the quarter. We were pleased with that. The Ormco business, the orthodontics business continues to do well, and we're continuing to see on a geographic basis as I mentioned the – a couple of the high-growth markets specifically the – our business in China continuing to do well. On the flip side, on the equipment side, we have seen some challenges in Europe actually, and a couple in those high-growth markets where the equipment side has been held back a little bit more significantly. So I think as we annualize over some of those more challenging comps, we'll continue to see that growth improve during the course of this year.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Well, there's certainly some broad-based weakness, but if I had to call out a couple of the softer spots, it probably would be the end markets where tech is most exposed and then probably secondarily, it would be on the Fluke side probably the U.S. point of sale has been a weaker spot here through the quarter. Those would be the two I'd probably highlight.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: We are. That's right. There's no indication right now of pick up there. Obviously, we can always be optimistic, but we're not projecting for any improvement there certainly in the second quarter.
Daniel L. Comas: Scott, we're in – it's Dan. We're off to a very good start there. We had mid-single-digit good growth in the quarter. As Tom alluded, that was a combination of double-digit growth in the Life Science side and a slight decline on the Industrial side. Clearly that would have been a contributor to our overall organic growth at Danaher. From a margin perspective, we are ahead of schedule. We've talked about north of $100 million of benefit here this year on the margin side, continue to track very well to the ultimate target of $300 million. In addition to this, we are getting favorable mix given the Life Science business is more profitable and we really saw that play out exceedingly well in the first quarter. It'll likely create some opportunities where we'll be able to accelerate some investments here at Pall during this year given we're tracking so well.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, on the walking away from some business, that's something that Pall had started prior even to our acquisition. It's down to a relatively nominal amount here and we'll be...
Daniel L. Comas: Well, Steve, you know we don't give a specific guide but we're off to a very good start. There was a little bit of timing benefit around some tax payments, but broadly our cash flow was quite strong. As you know, we ended last year with a record number and a very strong second half for free cash flow. We expect that trend to continue. You know, we're not going to be up 40% year-on-year, but we'd expect a very healthy double-digit increase in free cash flow this year.
Daniel L. Comas: Sure, Shannon. Yeah, obviously it's something we're spending a lot of time on trying to understand better. I mean our initial read of this is, this is not going to be an impact to us, a material impact to us in the near term. But over time, we could see some rate creep because of it. Now that assumes nothing else happens, and there's no other opportunities, and so sitting here right now, it's not something that worries us a great deal. But it's obviously a potential risk kind of going forward. I don't think there's a big change in how we think about the tax rates of the two entities. We've talked about Fortive likely coming out closer to kind of a high 20%s tax rate. Again, I think as they begin to do some acquisitions, they'll have an opportunity to bring that down, and I would expect that Danaher would be at our current rate or lower. Danaher RemainCo would be at our current rate or lower.
Daniel L. Comas: I don't think much has changed versus what we communicated a year ago. We would expect Fortive to come out as an investment-grade company. You know likely they're not going to be an A-rated company, but something in a BBB range where they would be strong investment grade and clearly have a fair amount of latitude to execute M&A.
Daniel L. Comas: We were over – probably in the same – Steve, we have the dynamic around Pall where a lot of the application expertise they bring to their customers which is a big part of their value add, they include in sales and marketing than R&D. So the fact that you saw R&D as a percent of our overall revenues go down 40, 50 basis points year-on-year, that's entirely driven by the Pall dynamic. But I would say that Danaher is probably in that zone where you've got some higher R&D businesses. But because of the way Pall accounts for their R&D, it probably averages to where Danaher is today, around that 6% range.
Daniel L. Comas: I mean volatility is a net positive for us as a well-capitalized acquirer. Your comment about private equity, it's getting a little better for them, but the leverage markets are still pretty tough. So I think all those factors play to our benefit. Now granted there are other – a number of other well-capitalized corporate players here. But we're happy to sort of compete in this sort of environment where there's a little bit more volatility and uncertainty.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, if we first just take Pall out of the equation entirely, R&D as a percent of sales was flat year-on-year, but sales and marketing was up 30 basis points, and that was intentional. I mean we've stepped up some investments. We've talked about some of the opportunities in high-growth markets where we see people pulling back, and we see there's some opportunity. I think some of the success Fortive's having in China right now is probably a little bit of an example of that. And Pall brings in a pretty high sales and marketing expense when you kind of layer that in. That probably sustains itself. We see that as an important part of their go-to-market, not only their go-to-market but as I mentioned also sort of part of their R&D as well. So we don't see ourselves sort of cutting back on those investments, if anything given we have had a little bit more strength here earlier in the year, we may step some of that up.
Daniel L. Comas: Yeah. We would expect that Fortive would be in the same zone, maybe a little bit better. Danaher ex-Fortive would be slightly better and that would roll up to be approximately 2% versus 0.5% of core we delivered in the first quarter.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, that's something obviously the Board would need to determine depending on obviously the size of the acquisition and what else they have in the pipeline.
Daniel L. Comas: Yeah. There's clearly some upfront costs. And as Tom alluded, we also had some one-time items in the quarter and that will normalize as we get through the year.
