Tom Joyce: Sure, Tycho, well we don't get too far ahead of ourselves here. We still have plenty of work to do here to finish up a good -- really good 2018. And clearly, as you point out, I mean there are a whole series of things to be concerned about out in the market around as you say FX and tariffs, potentially even in inflation trends as we go forward. But in general, I mean we feel really good about the macro environment today, and in addition to that, the positioning of each of our businesses around those macro drivers. So, I think as we look across certainly geographically, we see strength across virtually every major geography. If there was any weakness at all, it might be a little bit in the Middle East. But otherwise, if we look across, great performance in China, terrific performance across a number of the other high-growth markets despite the currency fluctuations, and good solid performance in the US and Europe. Things like FX and tariffs clearly represent some headwinds to the EPS number, but we feel good about how we’re positioned to continue to drive growth and share gains in our markets. So, we don’t see anything that could get in our way other than those, those few headwinds that we just mentioned.
Tom Joyce: Sure, well, we clearly saw some OMX headwind there. FX, both one-time transactional losses and translation associated with the stronger US dollar were contributors to the 195 that we talked about. You know, those high growth market currency fluctuations are likely to continue as we see it today. The FX was nearly 100 basis points of negative impact to core OMX in Dental. The balance of that was in some respect still related to the lower sales volume, especially the higher margin traditional consumables business, but again we felt really good about what we saw in terms of the sellout in North America. Some of the weakness that we saw was in Europe, specifically in Germany, and a little bit of disruption in Japan associated with some of the weather-related issues that we saw there, but in general, we were actually somewhat encouraged by what we saw relative to obviously a large portion of business which is in North America and that sellout. Finally, we are continuing to invest, and that is having some impact on the OMX there. We think it’s important that we setup that business for a better growth profile as it becomes a public company next year. Those investments are clearly in the aligner business, the Spark clear aligner business. We are ramping up associated with our intraoral scanner and our digital dentistry efforts as well as some sales force expansion at Nobel and Ormco. And so, I think the combination of those things we think are make-sense investments that sets that business up well. And in general, we would expect some sequential margin improvement in the fourth quarter and certainly in 2019. So, we think it’s still an attractive OMX story certainly as growth continues.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Well, thanks for the question, Ross. We saw broad-based strength across Pall in the quarter. The biotech business clearly led the way at -- with mid-teens kind of growth. Our life science business, specifically if you breakout biotech and the medical and food and beverage business, solid across the board, but tremendous strength in single-use technologies. Even if you look over to the industrial side of the business, better than 10% growth on the industrial side. Microelectronics, continued strength there, a double-digit growth, which by the way has been sustained for seven of the last eight quarters. Obviously, that will start to moderate a little bit as the comps get tougher. But in general, we are seeing good growth across the industrial side with aerospace being solid as well, admittedly off somewhat of an easier comp. So we clearly have a tougher comp in the fourth quarter. We did 10% or better in the fourth quarter of ‘17. So -- but we’ve got good order trends. We think Pall continues to be a solid mid-single-digit growth business, but the biotech business is going to continue to lead the way. And if you think about the underlying drivers there, we talked about this you know I think extensively, Ross. The large molecule dynamic which underpins a lot of the growth that we’re seeing at Pall throughout our life science businesses as well on continues to be strong. You’ve got 350 drugs moving through there but significantly more than that in the pipeline today. And we think that bodes well for a long-term growth track around large molecule drug production and development and production that will benefit certainly the biotech business at Pall but will benefit us more broadly across our other life science businesses as well.
Tom Joyce: Well, we certainly think we have tremendous capacity today. We’ve basically paid off IDT with our year-to-date free cash flow to this point at a relatively low kind of 2 times leverage number today and that’s going to go lower with our free cash flow generation, which is likely to be in excess of 3 billion this year. We’ve got tremendous firepower. The pipeline is good, it’s been solid. We’ve had tremendous conversations across a number of the platforms and we think there's opportunities in both small and large transactions. Sure, valuations are relatively rich today, but we continue to keep our eyes open for the best and most attractive assets in the market. And with the balance sheet being in the shape it’s in and the multi-industry structure that we have today, which as you know gives us optionality in terms of how we deploy that capital over time, we think we’re in really good shape.
Tom Joyce: Yes. Well, Scott, we certainly never wait on price. Tariffs or no tariffs, our business is focused on getting price in the markets on a consistent basis. We are seeing that price come through particularly across Life Sciences and our Environmental & Applied Solutions business. If you look specifically at the consumables side of those businesses where we typically have gotten price, those are high value consumables with relatively modest cost impact to the end customer. Those are -- that’s an important leverage point for us, has been in the past and we will continue to be associated with any headwind relative to tariffs. I mean on tariffs specifically just the baseline where we are right now, I mean we don’t see ourselves as being significantly in the crosshairs of the tariffs that have been put out. We said in July, at that time that we thought it was about $10 million a quarter. Now with the incremental tariffs that have been levied, we expect that to be closer to $12 million to $13 million a quarter. And so on a $5 billion EBITDA base are relatively small numbers. But again that doesn’t take away any pressure we put on ourselves to continuously get price in the market. Price is one of the actions obviously that we address. But we are also looking at where might we do some changes in supply chains, where might we shift some manufacturing to various locations? We have some flexibility there, particularly associated with consumables. And we are pursuing the exemption process that we talked about. And while that’s not necessarily an easy road with the US trade representative, there may be some opportunities there. So it’s a multi-pronged effort but price clearly is part of that. I would say what we’ll probably be a little bit more concerned about and reason for a bit of caution relative to the tariff narrative would be more of the second derivative impact on growth. We haven’t seen much of that right now. You have seen tremendous strength in our China business to this point. I mean China was up double-digit in the third quarter and it was the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit growth for us. So right now we feel pretty good about where we are in China. But there's certainly room for a little bit of caution relative to any -- as I said second derivative impact on growth coming out of those markets.
Tom Joyce: No. We are -- our intention is to spin the business AKA the Fortive transaction of a couple of years ago where Dental becomes a standalone public company in the second half of next year.
Tom Joyce: We have not seen anything that we could point to specifically Derik. That doesn't mean that there could be something deeper in the order book or the revenue side that represent a very modest level of that but we can't point to anything of any significance there. The biggest number that you heard me talk about in China was in the Water Quality platform at Hach where we saw just a tremendous quarter and we have seen a great year for Hach and Water Quality in China. That’s really more driven by policy associated with surface water in China right now and that -- we could see some continuation to that here in the fourth quarter potentially and then moderate a bit from there. But I wouldn’t necessarily describe that in any way as a pull forward at the moment.
Tom Joyce: Sure, sure, absolutely. Yes, we’ve seen very broad-based good performance across the life science business. You asked specifically about SCIEX, so I will touch on that for just a minute. SCIEX posted another quarter of high single-digit core growth. North America and China were both good markets for us. As you know well, Derik, SCIEX has a fairly broad end market reach. And so, it's not just in biopharma but we’re in obviously small and large molecule. That was a very good market for us in the quarter and has been. China remains very strong there specifically. But the applied market has been good, solid numbers in the US around food testing but China and India strength as well. In clinical, China continued to lead the way there, but pretty good performance I think across the board. Academic, not a big business for SCIEX but Europe was solid and China was strong as well. So I think across the board that business was terrific. I touched on Pall earlier and Pall being a little bit more closely aligned with large molecule drug production, and as I mentioned based on the drug pipeline that’s going to be pretty consistent going forward. If you look across the other life science businesses, each of them performed well. I touched on a number of them in my comments. But if I look at that -- the performance of that -- those businesses geographically, I mean pretty much across the board those businesses performed really well geographically, like a micro SCIEX, Beck LS, Pall. And then when you turn to the smaller businesses like Phenomenex, Agela, et cetera, each of those were pretty solid in the quarter.
Tom Joyce: Well, Steve, we've continued to take advantage of the strength that we've seen in the top-line and the terrific operating margin expansion that we've had to continue to invest in our businesses for exactly the purpose that underlied your question which is continuing the momentum of building on growth the way we have. Obviously, the comparison between growth rates of 2016 and 2017 versus 2018 suggest that those investments have been well placed to this point and we continue to do that throughout 2018 to set ourselves up well for a continuation in 2019. We've already talked about a couple of headwinds here today. Obviously, as we go into the beginning of next year, those growth investments are going to become that much more important. We've got a pretty challenging comp in the first quarter, maybe even in the first half, certainly a strong flu season this year and the Diagnostic business that's up for a more challenging comp going into the first quarter of next year, but hey, we've got to continue to play offense, drive growth. We've seen tremendous progress relative to new product innovation across our businesses, business-by-business platform-to-platform we have seen every one of our businesses increase their investments in new product innovation and the commercialization associated with those and that's been a contributor and that's -- we've talked, referenced in the past the term the Danaher playbook where we're continuing to stay tight on the G&A side and continuing to take some of that growth fall through that's associated with operating margin expansion and put that back into sales and marketing and R&D and so far so good.
Tom Joyce: Look, Doug that is a handful. I actually had to be taking notes during your question. So, I hope I got it right. So let me take a fling at it. If I missed something I know you'll bring me back.
Tom Joyce: Okay, thanks. I have to admit Doug, on the first one, I don't -- I'll have to go back through my prepared remarks. I do not recall talking about anything in particular that was a headwind to the top-line at Beck Dx. We've had pretty solid performance there both geographically and across product lines. I know I highlighted the strength in immunoassasy as well as automation. I'm going to come back to automation in a minute. We're seeing good customer retention at Beck Dx. We're seeing continued improvement in our customer win rates. And so in general, I feel pretty good about that, but you'll bring me back if I missed something there.
Tom Joyce: Yes. Moving to Dx margins, we did note that the Dx core OMX was down 120 basis points. Significant impact there on the currency side and we'll get into more of that in your questions in a minute both transactional and translational due to the strong US dollar, Dan just talked about the differences between those two and we'll probably see some continuing effect in the fourth quarter and/or the first half driven by the stronger US dollar. But ex the FX impact, core OMX would have been roughly flat year-on-year. So it would've had a pretty significant impact there. In the meantime though, coming back to what I was just commenting on about some investment spend, we continue to ramp up investment spend around particularly hematology because that's an area where we need to enhance our competitiveness and the 900 and the 520 are big parts of that as well as investments in automation and that's really critical because we compete most importantly in those large high volume accounts, we're bolting automation to the floor for long-term customer retention. It is pretty important. So overall, we feel good about how we're investing particularly at Beck Dx. Coming though to your question about demand FX, right now, we couldn't point to anything in particular associated with those FX impacts relative to demand. So far, demand looks pretty steady across our markets. And finally, relative to pricing, in general, we have not seen PAMA have any significant impact from a pricing standpoint. We know and I have always acknowledged that there are pricing pressures in the Dx market consistently. Every time there's a jump off associated with retaining or competing for new accounts, pricing and total cost of ownership is critical, but specific price-related impacts associated with PAMA have been quite, quite modest to this point. One of the impacts that we did see in the quarter associated with what might be considered price within OMX, but really isn't is associated with that automation business where we had a particularly strong quarter in terms of automation, that comes in at a slightly lower margin, but is so important strategically because when you install automation in large volume accounts, it creates a tremendous long-term relationship associated with that capital infrastructure. So in terms of how we balance pricing relative to our competitiveness, we feel pretty good about how the team is doing there.
Tom Joyce: Sure, Julian. Yes, the softness in Europe was largely associated with Germany. That market is a bit more skewed toward the equipment side of the house and there were some underlying dynamics associated with cost that Dental organizations were having to deal with. Unrelated to our business in Germany during the course of the last quarter or two. And so, we saw that impact in terms of a pullback on purchasing particularly of capital equipment, and again largely in Germany. So we don't see necessarily a broad-based issue in Europe. In fact, over time, we've actually worked to improve our competitive positioning in Europe and have seen the fruits of some of those labors and investments to this point. So we think we'll get through this German phenomenon here in the third quarter -- in the fourth quarter, but it was fairly isolated.
Tom Joyce: Sure, thanks, Dan. You know, Dan, it was really broad-based. I had looked at it literally operating company-by-operating company and almost without exception we saw a strong growth in China and in many, many of those cases that double-digit growth was driven across a number of different operating companies. So we've talked about the strength that Hach delivered. But if you looked across a number of our other businesses, you'd see that double-digit growth in China and you'd see examples of that in each of the five segments. In terms of the sustainability of it, yes, as you point out, and I had mentioned seven consecutive quarters of double-digit growth, I think that's likely to be sustained at least in terms of what you might consider to be very high single-digit growth to low double-digit growth. There's the uncertainty that we talked about earlier in Scott's question associated with what the second derivative impact might be associated with growth rates in China if the trade issues and associated narrative starts to impact psychology a bit more. But I think at this point, things look pretty consistent, underlying order rates that we look at across the five segments all look pretty good. So at this point, I think we're okay.
Tom Joyce: Sure. I think you mentioned one of the key ones and we have talked about this before that across the various product lines where Beckman competes, hematology has been the weakest and the investment that we've made over the last several years and now with these new products coming to market. While it will take a while for those to ultimately impact the core growth, hematology certainly is a lever of ours. In addition, as we continue to perform well in immunoassay, we will continue to you might say mix upward our core growth rate. As you probably know, we're more highly indexed to clinical chemistry at Beckman than some of our diagnostic competitors. And as a result of that with a lower growth rate associated with the clinical chemistry market versus immunoassay, that is a little bit of a drag on our growth rate. As we continue to grow at or above the market in immunoassay, we will mix up our relative growth rate to the market and I think the combination of those two things are two of the biggest factors that will continue to drive us more closer to mid single-digit. One last point though I think it's important to recognize, we're often compared with the larger player or large players in the diagnostic market, you know those names well. The numbers that they tend to put up, it's important to probably compare those numbers broadly to an equivalent portfolio at Danaher which really is the combination of Beckman, Radiometer, Leica Biosystems, and importantly, now with our higher exposure to molecular diagnostics at Cepheid, you now look at a portfolio that I think on a full year basis and Dan or Matt will correct me if I'm wrong is out of 6.5% growth rate, on a full year basis, if you look at that combined portfolio in diagnostics. And so, we feel very about how that portfolio has evolved in terms of now positioning us in a very competitive way relative to the overall diagnostic market.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Erin. I think we are past the most significant adjustments associated with inventories in the channel. So in other words, that is largely behind us. It doesn't mean that they are gone forever. I know you know well what life is like in large distributors, inventories are critically important. There are always going to be pressures associated with adjusting inventories appropriately, particularly with large distributors like we have in the dental industry, but we're through the big impacts there and we're particularly encouraged by the underlying demand that you asked about and that's specific to North America. We get very good transparency associated with sellout in North America and the recent numbers associated with sellout in North America, both in consumables and in equipment, have us quite encouraged in terms of the stabilization of the overall dental market and obviously a very important market that being the North American market. The relationship with distribution have settled down, much of the inventory adjustments that were associated with the shifting of exclusives between large manufacturers and large distributors, that's behind us. Sales organizations have settled into place in terms of the focus of the product lines where we compete and I think that disruption again is largely, if not, completely behind us.
Tom Joyce: Sure, we're going to continue to invest in Spark, both in terms of the evolution of the product line as well as its commercialization. But in terms of the meaningful level of impact, it's going to be a while. Obviously, there's a geographic expansion that we will be very thoughtful about. We started in Australia and that's going exceptionally well. But we want to make sure that we are building sales organizations appropriately, training sales organizations, training our customers so that as we enter incremental geographies, we do that in a very thoughtful and ultimately very successful way. So there's a journey ahead. We think the journey is certainly a worthwhile one because we all know that the clear aligner market is an exceptional market, has great growth rate and there's tremendous opportunities there particularly with what we think is a highly competitive product and very attractive from a value creation perspective associated with our customer set. So step-by-step, I think it will become meaningful over time, but there's a road to go ahead.
Dan Comas: And Ross I think also on the margin, a little bit more anxiety in the market helps. In addition to rising interest rates, we’re much less interest rate sensitive than lower credit companies and private equity. So rising rates should help us here as -- towards the end of the year and going into next year as it relates to M&A.
Dan Comas: Yes, Steve, the impact in the third quarter was our core margins were up 50 basis points. We think excluding currency they would have been up kind of well over 75 basis points. To call that 30 plus basis points, that's a combination of the translation which is just the strengthening of the dollar particularly in high growth markets where we have a fair amount of revenue and very modest cost base, but that was exacerbated in the quarter by a bunch of transactional items. The swings in whether it was Brazil or Turkey or Argentina where you had 20% swings and all of a sudden we're marking to market, sorry, I got a cold here, but marking to market a receivable and you’re taking a FX hit. So, my guess is we've got a couple of quarters to kind of bleed through all this. More on the translational side, the transactional side is -- what happens intra-quarter, but there will be a little bit of a headwind over the next couple of quarters. I think we can overcome it, but it will be a little bit of a headwind here.
Dan Comas: Doug, our overall developed market demand at Beckman in Q3 was comparable to what it was in the first half? We didn't mean to suggest any shift.
Dan Comas: Julian, I think we have gone through a period of very heavy investment both in water and PID. We've seen the benefit of that a number of new products and you see in the growth number. We did get the mix benefit here at Hach. Hach had an exceptionally strong quarter as you know that's one of our most profitable businesses. So I don't think we'll necessarily replicate hitting Q3 going forward, but I think we're back to a point of more normalized call it 50 basis points of kind of annual margin expansion in that segment.
