Rainer Blair: Thanks, Derek. And let me get right after that question here. So First of all, let's talk about 2022, and I'll certainly speak about the inventory topic here as well. I think Important to reiterate that overall, we're seeing very strong customer demand in Bioprocessing, and we expect to finish 2022 with high single-digit core growth. Now that splits up in a number of sections. Let's start with the non-COVID Bioprocessing is growing well over 20%, and we continue to see that. And the underlying fundamentals here are the funding is there, the clinical trials continue to progress. The pipeline is strong. We're seeing product move into commercial production from Phase 3 and this has really accelerated across all modalities. So sure, monoclonal antibodies, but yes, we're even seeing cell and gene therapy starting to gain their approvals. Additionally, pricing is above historical levels, which is driving some incremental growth, if you will, on top of the underlying demand in the non-COVID areas. Now as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, customers do continue to move away from COVID-related projects. And I don't think that's a surprise to any of us. That's something that we have been speaking about for some time. And in fact, we can confirm that, that is happening. And I think it also reconciles with what we're seeing in the marketplace. We're seeing that vaccines, our uptake is relatively slow. People are unsure if the current vaccine inventories will address the newest variance. So, there's a bit of uncertainty there, I think, in the public as to where we go from a vaccine perspective. And that reflects naturally in what we have seen here with customers starting to move to the other modalities and drive the projects that they had on hold forward. And for us, that manifests here in for the full year that we see $800 million of COVID revenues in Bioprocessing as opposed to the $1 billion that we had been talking about previously. So, we do see customers moving away from these COVID projects and driving their energies, their efforts, and their financial resources into the other projects, and that helps explain why we see the larger part of the business growing at well over 20%. Now, we are not seeing significant stocking, but we do see pockets of stocking, particularly there where there were large COVID-related, either therapeutic or vaccine programs. So, those players that heavily invested in large programs here those players that, in fact, have higher inventories than is normally the case. Having said that, those large players also are those, which are best positioned to redeploy those inventories to other projects. So, we do expect an inventory burn down with those players here in the coming quarters. So that's the inventory situation there, Derik. And then as it relates to some of the other points here, I think we continue to be -- and I just want to reaffirm the high single-digit growth. We're high single digit here year-to-date, and that's how we see ourselves in Bioprocessing concluding the year.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Sure, Derik. So for Q3, our orders are down over 20% as expected. And I think that's a number which bears some commentary and context. First of all, we're coming off of order comps that are well in excess of 50% in the prior year. And so it's important to take in order to be able to rationalize these numbers that sometimes are viewed in isolation with the right context. The three-year order stack is over 20%. And I think something that is perhaps not as well known and that bears some conversation is we and many others have meaningfully reduced our lead time. And we've done that through capacity investments. We've done that through productivity investments. We've been able to do that because the supply chain has become more secure. And that's a pretty significant impact on the order placement cadence of our customers. So just to mention an example here, if lead times go from 52 weeks, which has been the case in some product categories in the marketplace, to 12 weeks, customers fundamentally change their order patterns. To give you a sense of that, if a customer wanted to order over time four bioreactors, they would order all four bioreactors at one, if there's a 52-week lead time. But if it's a 12-week lead time, they would order one bioreactor and then follow up with other orders in the future. So what we're seeing right now is really the normalization of the marketplace coming from a red-hot pandemic fuel time of constraint a long lead times for orders ramped up significantly. So order rates ramped up significantly to the supply chain now normalizing and customers adjusting their order cadence. And then yes, of course, the COVID volumes are down. That's expected. We've been talking about that, but we also see the strength of the non-COVID market. And keep in mind, that's a much larger market. And currently, it is growing at well over 20% and there's a backlog to be burned down there because previously COVID had been prioritized. So, the orders were negative to repeat, but not unexpectedly and to be seen in the context of a market that is now readjusting.
Rainer Blair: We continue to think about price as a lever for us. And we think that lever is available to us next year as well. We have taken the necessary steps to do that. We're over 400 basis points here in the quarter. That's up from 300 basis points in the first half of the year. We expect the fourth quarter to be similar, and we're going to try and keep that momentum going here in the new year as well.
Rainer Blair: So we have, as you suggested, invested significantly in order to drive -- to be able to supply the demand here during the pandemic and watch very carefully where our capacity needs to be, one, to, of course, serve the needs of the pandemic, but also to fuel the growth in our non-COVID testing business. And that continues to grow very well here. You saw the very strong growth we had in COVID, but not to be underestimated, the very nice 10% growth in non-COVID off of a very strong comp in the prior year. So capacity for us is an area of great focus. And we're able to adjust that capacity up and downwards, both in terms of units of capacity, but also cost adds we need. So that is a relatively flexible lever for us, and we'll continue to adjust that lever up or down, both from a capacity perspective as well as a cost perspective as required.
Rainer Blair: I would characterize our lens as broad and not limited to cell and gene therapy. We want to have a profound impact on human health, Scott. We've talked about that here now for some time, and that allows us a very large space in order to identify investment opportunities, capital deployment opportunities. And as such, our funnel is wide and deep and very active as always.
Rainer Blair: As you can imagine, we're very focused on delivering the fourth quarter here and the full year. But as we think about '23, and I say that because there's a lot of data points to collect here in the fourth quarter as well in such a dynamic environment. And so as we think about the Bioprocessing business for 2023, we still think that there is room for $500 million of COVID opportunity in order to support the needs of the population, the variance to replenish expired sell-by dates and all the things that you can think about. But of course, that's a number that we watch very closely. More importantly, we think that the non-COVID business, which, of course, will again proportionately be a much larger part of the business, will continue to be very robust. Funding levels are there, the number of modalities that continue to grow in the pipeline is broad, our own project activity in early, mid- and late stage is very strong. So, we do not have a different view on 2023 for Bioprocessing today. But of course, it's a fluid situation, and we continue to watch all of that, and we'll update in January when we speak again.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Dan. So, I think we are still in that ZIP code here, specifically, if we think about our base business without testing, so our business without COVID testing. For 2023, we still see that as mid-single-digit plus. And of course, we're watching. There's a lot of headlines in Western Europe and emerging markets, but to date, our business momentum does not indicate any dramatic slowdown here. And so we think mid-single-digit plus from today's point of view, for the base business is the right way to think about it. And as we go forward here and Matt mentioned this, of course, we're looking at all the data points daily here. And then in January, we'll update you again, but from today's perspective, mid-single-digit plus for the base business. And then as it relates to COVID testing, we do still anticipate that step down, the experts that we speak with, our customers still think that COVID is endemic by the end of '23, beginning of '24 and that will step down there from where we've been here, close to 50 million tests to about 30 million tests or the $1.2 billion roughly of COVID revenue. And then lastly, I'll say, the FX situation is very dynamic. We've been talking about that. And I think Matt covered that as well.
Rainer Blair: We have been as a result of the pandemic, even closer than traditionally working with our customers to understand their production plans and to ensure that they are not overstocking at the expense of others who would need the product. And what was a time of constraint here for the last, call it, 18, 20 months. So as a result of that, we feel as though we are well positioned to understand the inventory situation. We do regular surveys with our customers. And as a result of that, we don't believe that there is a general overstocking in the market. Having said that, we do think there are pockets where inventories are high. And those are based on customers ultimately changing their production plans, in other words, canceling orders specifically for COVID. And so the large COVID players whether that be for vaccine production or whether that be for therapeutics production, they have larger inventories and those will likely exceed six months of inventory. But I think it's important to note that those large players have many programs, and they're able to redeploy that inventory. In most cases, these are not tailor-made solutions for any specific molecule and can be redirected and burn down using -- in the use for other modalities or other programs at the same modality. So we do see that the market is currently resetting itself from, as I mentioned, a red-hot pandemic era of constraint with long lead times to one where lead times and supply chain disruptions are starting to normalize and then add to that the cancellation of some COVID vaccine or therapeutic plans just because the uptake hasn't been the same or the variants have rendered them not usable for that application. So, we are confident that the strength of this market and its fundamentals, remain very, very strong. Biologics, in all the modalities that we've talked about are very underpenetrated in the market, and it is a matter of getting the penetration up launching the new products in the pipeline that we'll continue to drive the growth of this market despite the reset that we see going on in the supply chain.
Rainer Blair: Sure. So as you just said, just to level set, you see high single-digit growth here in China, both for Q3 and we anticipate a similar level in Q4. And that's really a broad-based strength there. Let me start with Diagnostics where we did see patient volumes impacted by these rolling shutdowns. So this zero COVID policy shutdown that you're likely reading about in China. So that affected patient volumes and think of those as being 90% to 95% of what they were in 2021. And we're working through those and continue to see China as really a very, very strong market. Now lastly, the rest of our business continues to be very, very strong. As you think about life science instruments, as you think about EAS, as you think about the diagnostics, the other diagnostics companies, we continue to see robust demand there. And as patient volumes normalize, which we expect to happen sometime in the next year, we're confident that China continues to be a really strong growth lever here for the future.
Rainer Blair: Just a level set, our Life Science instrument business grew low double digits in Q3. And as you pointed out, this is really led by Leica Microsystems, SCIEX, Beckman Coulter Life Sciences with some very, very strong results. And I think the strength of that comes from two areas. The first is the end markets continue to be very strong. So especially pharma, CROs and academic research continues to be well funded, and we're seeing strong buying behavior there, especially towards instruments that provide the necessary answers here in the research. And that's really the newest generation of instruments. And that brings me really to the second pillar of the strength that we've seen there, which is our continued innovation performance there, with all of the operating companies really leaning in and launching leading edge really pushing science further instruments. And I'll give you some examples at SCIEX, ZenoTOF 7600 and the Triple Quad 7500. At LMS, you have the THUNDER widefield imaging system, and we talked about the Mika launch, which is doing extraordinarily well. And then we just talked about the Ingenious launch here at Beckman Life Sciences. So, we're really seeing strength from a funding perspective, and we believe that on top of that, we're outperforming because of the innovation strength that we've shown here, launching a number of great solutions. Now from a comp perspective, we really do think that the strength in the market is sustained. We expect that to be the case in the fourth quarter. And in 2023, like I said, we'll talk about that more in January, but we don't have reason to believe here that this will be significantly different.
Rainer Blair: Sure. So I think the first place where you're starting to see some of the pressure dissipates is in the logistics area. So, logistic capacities have ramped. We're starting to see greater availability. We're also starting to see freight rates come down, specifically if you think of container freight Those, in particular, have come down quite significantly. And that, of course, is helpful with the global businesses that we have. At the same time, we do see continued pressure on a more limited set of electronic components. So with the Danaher Business System, call it, we've been able to really knock down 80% of the issues there. And I think with that, able to continue to take share because of the availability of our solutions. And with 20%, we're still in countermeasure mode. And I would say that number continues to get smaller every day, but there's still on the electronic component side, some tightness here. And then lastly, I would just say, what is still the same as labor continues to be tight. That is the case, practically everywhere we operate. And so that that's a constraint that we would expect to see get better here over the next 12 to 18 months, but currently still see that as an area to watch out for.
Rainer Blair: Starting with Q3 here just to level set. We had high single-digit growth in Western Europe, and we would expect that comparable here going into the quarter. Our funnels continue to be strong. And I would say that we're starting to see deal velocity slow a little bit. So it is clear that people are starting to think about where they're going to invest their cash at least for Q3 and Q4, we're still seeing robust demand and robust funding. Having said that, and in view of everything we read in the news as to you, we continue to watch that very closely to see whether that sustains going forward into '23. And of course, we're going to talk to you about that again in January. Now as it relates to our own exposure, specifically as it relates to energy, we continue for many reasons to take a very close look at our energy consumption, so also from a sustainability perspective. But now particularly this becomes an area of focus for Europe. And in fact, we do not have a lot of heavy manufacturing, so energy-intensive manufacturing in Europe. It's mostly light assembly, and we have taken the measures to ensure energy supply continuity through the appropriate backup systems. And then in the event of, if you will, fuel rationing, whether that's gas oil or otherwise, we also have contingency plans there to ensure that we're able to reduce our demand, but still supply mission-critical capabilities, including manufacturing, should that become the case. So yes, it's something that we're closely focused on. Two, we've taken measures in order to ensure that we have supply and can provide supply continuity. And then lastly, we also have the contingency plans should the situation deteriorate.
Rainer Blair: So as you suggest, the backlog is elevated. That is due to two factors. The strong demand that I referenced earlier, that's really broad-based, pharma, academic, and so forth. But also because there has been, over the last 18 months, some supply constraints around electronic components. So we see demand remaining strong across the board for all these research applications that I referenced. And as a result of that, we also see that in our order rates and backlog position, not just here for Q4 but also going into '23.
Matt McGrew: And Derik, you had asked about the non-COVID as well. So if you think about the book-to-bill there in the quarter, it was essentially 1.0.
Matt McGrew: And that commentary is overall, Derik, but I don't think that, that would be any different for Bioprocessing numbers.
Matt McGrew: I'm going to go ahead and ask that we get through Q4 here and see where it is. If I had to guess on the FX margins today, I would have been wrong a quarter ago and wrong the quarter before that. So we'll give you a full update on '23. I mean I think you've seen where the margins have gone to. You know that we're going to have an FX headwind next year on the top line of probably, call it, $800 million. So you can probably start there. I would say that the fall-through on that is probably going to be the pretty typical 35% to 40% fall through. And that could be a little bit better or worse depending on where that revenue actually comes in from a mix perspective. But that's probably the best I can give you now, what we know what the rates are. But from a full margin perspective, I'll have to wait until we get a little bit closer and to our guidance in '23.
Matt McGrew: And Dan, just to give you some context, I mean, life sciences and EAS were both up high single digits in the quarter. And Diagnostics, while it did struggle a little on the patient volumes, I mean, it was still up mid-single digits.
Matt McGrew: I don't think so. From a balance sheet perspective, we don't really have -- we've got no variable sort of debt, so that doesn't really impact us. I'm trying to think -- I mean, it might have spots here or there from things like currency swaps that we've done and interest income. But I mean those are pretty minor. I mean, I don't think we think of capital allocation in a different way. I mean, I think we still sort of go through the same processes from an M&A perspective and a return perspective and interest has always been a component of that. So I don't think it really changes all that much on how we're thinking about: A, running the business the balance sheet, given where we're at on fixed sort of mostly fixed debt here, and I don't think it really impacts us on our thinking about doing something different than what we do, which is allocate capital towards M&A largely.
Matt McGrew: Patrick, this is Matt. We did a kind of bottoms-up analysis plant by plant, company by company, even factoring in higher costs that we might see here over the winter into the next year. I mean this is a very, very manageable number. It's just not a big number.
