Tom Joyce: Well, we know you’re not dense. So, let’s start with that [multiple speakers]. And it’s early. Scott, starting with FX impact, which is in the neighborhood of a 100 basis points of the impact year-on-year, really has virtually everything to do with the year-on-year strengthening of both the U.S. dollar and the yen, especially the yen through the first quarter. If you think about our diagnostic business, we manufacture a great deal of our products in the U.S. and in Japan, particularly at Beckman Diagnostics. But with revenue spread as globally as it is, the high cost impact, the impact of that currency, given the strengthening of both those currencies had an impact on that ratio between where our cost structure is from a manufacturing standpoint and where those revenues are ultimately translated. So, that’s the core, the FX impact. In addition to that, obviously growth was a little softer that largely came through in March, somewhat Beck DX in North America certainly and little bit of like a biosystems in the high growth markets. So, the slightly lighter core growth in a business that has a high level of recurring revenue certainly had an impact, and we’re probably talking about in the neighborhood of 75 basis points of impact there. And then, we did have a little bit of a mix at Beck DX with a couple of larger automation related deals shipped in the first quarter. And when we have a high level of automation equipment associated with both those projects that tends to be a little bit of a margin headwind that’s ultimately over time good news for us. When we sell automation with the equipment that automation gets bolted to the floor and that becomes an outstanding long-term account situation, because obviously it’s a very sticky situation when you have that much equipment wired to an automation line, running high volume recurring revenues. So, those are the major components there, Scott. Hopefully that’s helpful.
Tom Joyce: Well, we have a little bit of both the major factors that you’d point to at the outset there. Definitely, you have some softness in the end market; that phenomena began in the latter part of second half of last year and we think it continued here in the first quarter. But, when you have that phenomenon, obviously the channel becomes that much more concerned about inventory levels and is going to try to bring down inventory levels, commensurate with how they think that end market as a sell-through is happening. So, you have a combination of both those factors that to some extent from a manufacture perspective, compound themselves somewhat. The phenomenon is generally oriented towards the North American market, a little bit in Europe but more North American in terms of its impact and it’s primarily around the traditional consumables market. And so, when you have that impact obviously on the consumables end of our portfolio, that’s where significant impact comes through on the margin side. Now, on the good news side, if you look at the parts of the portfolio, and it’s a good deal of the portfolio that is not in the traditional consumables end of the product lines and does not go through distribution, those product lines generally perform very well. Ormco or orthodontic business continued to perform well; Implants and Nobel and both those go direct, were both low-single-digit; mid-single-digit quarter performances. Equipment was up low-single-digits broadly. So, I think there is some positive things there, but they were outweighed by that impact of the traditional consumables business and obviously the commensurate impact on the margins. We feel very good, to your point about the costs that we have taken out in the business. You saw a very good margin improvement throughout the course of the last 12 to 18 months. We continue to take cost out of the portfolio. But at the same time, you’ve heard us talk about the Danaher playbook. We are continuing to invest in that business. We believe that the longer term growth drivers are there. And so, I think it’s important that we continue to focus on ensuring that we are well-positioned commercially across a number of geographies and that we’re continuing to invest in innovation. So, it’s a tough balancing act, but we believe it’s right for the long-term.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Ross. Yes. We did have a very good quarter at Cepheid We’re extremely pleased with how that business has performed and how the team has come together and adapted to the Danaher environment, have utilized the tools of the Danaher Business System to drive improvements, not only in terms of the way they’re driving business commercially, but I think importantly, the way they are taking cost out of various areas of business and redeploying some of those savings back into investments for growth. And we’re starting to see the impact of that obviously across the top-line, where we talked about double-digit growth and meaningful margin improvements as well, now margin improvements that are in the double-digit range for sure. So, in terms of what’s driving that growth. It’s pretty well -- it’s pretty broad across the portfolio. Infectious disease, sexual health continues to perform quite well. Hospital acquired infections, while growing a little bit more modestly than the rest of the portfolio, we think are in a very sustainable position over time. And we’re very encouraged by the investments that are being made around advancing the menu and as well as the new instruments that come out. So, I think the business is off to a great start. We’ve seen some good performance and we very much expect that to continue.
Tom Joyce: We feel very good about how we’re positioned in China, Ross, across really each of the five platforms. Our diagnostic platform continues to perform very well and we continue to invest there. We see that growth coming through really across the board, Beckman Diagnostics, Radiometer like the bio-systems. And now, as we’re investing more aggressively Cepheid in the high growth markets, China will become an increasingly important part of Cepheid’s geographic profile. As you know, they’ve been underpenetrated in a number of those markets. Our dental business, Ross, continues to drive consistent double-digit growth each quarter and has for a quite a period of time. We think the underlying drivers in the dental market as well as our outstanding execution and the breadth of that portfolio, speak well to the long-term potential in Dental. Life Science investments continue to be a priority for the Chinese government. While those can sometime shift occasionally between end markets, for example from the food market to maybe primarily basic research in generalizing the underlying drivers around life sciences are quite good. Water Quality, I think we all have an appreciation for the challenges around the environment in China. And the Chinese government’s continued to make the environment and water in particular priority. And we’ve seen some good performance so far this year from our water quality business in China. And PID I think also is well-positioned. So, across the portfolio, we feel great about the Chinese market and the opportunities we have there for sustained double-digit performance.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Tycho, we don’t -- we play such a vital role in the biopharma manufacturing process at a relatively low cost to that manufacturing process, the filtration as a component of the overall manufacturing cost is relatively modestly, arguably even marginal, but the value is so high that we think filtration is a very sustainable position across biopharma over the long term. Relative to the overall trend, I think both the high growth of large molecule drugs today that are in the market as well as the pipelines being skewed towards large molecule drugs, both speak well to the long-term growth trajectory of biopharma. There is no question, that’s where all the investment is going over time. And filtration is used more intensively in large molecule drug production than in small molecule drug production. So, I think when we look at it from a macro perspective, we still feel very positive about how the biopharma, particularly manufacturing rates will be sustained over time and how that will benefit Pall, and frankly others of our Life Science businesses that participate in that market. So, certainly, some concerns about that relative to drug prancing, but we think we’re relatively well-positioned in terms of the impact there.
Tom Joyce: Sure. SCIEX business has performed exceptionally well over a long period of time. We did post low-single-digit growth here in the quarter. We have a pretty big service business at SCIEX and that was impacted a bit by the one less selling day. So, our outlook is pretty consistent with our past performance, more like mid-single-digit growth in Q3 and beyond. From an end market perspective pharma was an excellent growth driver during the course of the quarter, double-digits led -- it led the way double-digit growth. Applied was more flattish, but finished the quarter a little bit better, so the growth rate -- the order rates were improving through the course for the quarter. China is a very good market there for us, particularly in the applied markets, meaning food and environmental. We have had a bit of tough comp on the clinical side, given some of the changes to -- in physician office lab, reimbursement and so on, and academic has been comp as well. So, those were a little bit of the pluses and minuses. But in general, as we look forward, given the one of our selling day, the service business, how we’ve seen the installed based growth, the order rates, we feel good about SCIEX in the quarters ahead.
Tom Joyce: Maybe one last point, I know you didn’t ask about it, but it’s probably just a quick mention relative to Phenomenex, which was an acquisition that was led by the SCIEX team and that business is off to a great start. We closed that in the fourth quarter, and it’s been up mid-single-digit since we acquired that business, a little bit of challenging comp in the first quarter, but we’ll lap right over that. So that team’s doing a wonderful job and we couldn’t be happier with the start we have there.
Tom Joyce: Peering into the psychology is a challenging thing for me. We’ve seen what’s going on in terms of the proposed budgets and so on. So, I think there has to be a little bit of concern and hesitation out there. But it’s not like we can point to something very specific that impacted our order rates. In terms of NIH funding specifically, we don’t -- as I think you probably know already, we don’t have a very high degree of direct exposure to NIH funding, less than 5% of our Life Science sales comes directly from the NIH and somewhat more than that indirectly. But when you step back and you look at our life science business, approaching half the businesses goes into pharma, mostly biopharma and applied, food and environmental. And then of course you have actually some more industrially oriented exposure in our Life Science business. Our academic and research exposure is probably sub-20%. And yes, I think there is some hesitation out there but I can’t point to specific projects. Interestingly, I think maybe one counterpoint would be Leica Microsystems had a terrific quarter. And those products, particularly confocals can be the types of high CapEx expenditures that can give some folks pause in the academic and the research area. And we saw good growth there over the course of the quarter. So, a little bit of a counterpoint that would make for uncertainty.
Tom Joyce: Yes. Shannon, you’ve hit on a number of the key drivers, even within your question. Clearly, the acquisitions will have some impact as Cepheid and Phenomenex come into the core later on this year, we would expect to see some impact there. Yes, absolutely, we would need to see some improvement in the dental consumables market. As we’ve said in the past, these types of slowdowns tend to write themselves over time, both in terms of the channel inventories as well as the overall sell-through, if you will. So, I think we will see some improvement there, probably not in the second quarter but more likely in the second half. And yes, we’ve made -- we continue to make investments. Derik asked us about R&D as a percent of sales; we continue to invest in R&D as well as in commercial initiatives. And we do see payoffs there. We’ve seen them in the past; we’ve seen, for example, at SCIEX, where we’ve increased R&D as a percent of sales from 7% years ago around the acquisition, now to 10% and where the flow of new products has been dramatically increased, and that’s led to the sustained growth rates and the improvement in share gains. I think Videojet is another tremendous example of where, not only the power of DBS, but the investments in R&D and commercial initiatives globally have expanded their service offering, their remote capabilities. We often refer to them as the lifecycle initiatives that have driven better service contract attachment. We’ve seen mid-single-digit growth at Videojet consistently over a seven-year of period. And that’s the impact of work that was done a number of years ago in terms of new products and commercial investment. So, as we get to some of the more investments that are making more on a near-term basis, it will take time for those to pay-off. But it’s clear that investments that we’ve been in the past have had real impact? So, that gives us confidence that over time, and over time is longer than a couple of quarters, even though we do expect to see a ramp in the second half of the year, but we know these investments pay off in time.
Tom Joyce: I think what we said in the script is we expect growth comparable to what we had -- core growth comparable to what we had in the first quarter. And looking at across the four segments, we would expect roughly similar performance for each of the four segments in the second quarter.
Tom Joyce: Influenza, right, in the publically available market data on flu it was “a good flu season”. I’m not sure I would describe it is an outsized impact but in general, it was a good flu season and that contributed to the overall growth.
Tom Joyce: So, Steve, I’ll take the first one and then again come back on the impacts of the selling days and so on. Thank you for the comment. I’m not sure how uniquely qualified I am, but I do have some perspectives for certain about how we think about layered distribution strategies or you might say multipronged distribution strategies across each of our platforms. You asked about Life Sciences and Dental, but let me talk broadly first. When we think about ecommerce, when we think about selling directly to customers through either our own portal or someone else’s portal, we think about how customers want to buy. That’s first and foremost. There is no point in having an ecommerce strategy if you determine that customers have no interest in buying that way for a variety of different reasons. So, the typical characteristics of products where we’ve had great success strategically using ecommerce have been lower dollar value products, high usage, high turn products, products that are ordered somewhat routinely that require somewhat limited or more limited technical support and certainly more levels of service. So, when you have products like that, customers generally want it to be easy to buy. And a great example of that for us is our Hach business. In the Hach business, sales to municipalities and industrial facilities, we install an instrument and then there is a routine level of usage of consumables that the customer is really familiar with. They’re relatively low cost consumables, but they’re high value consumables. Customer is super familiar with them, so they don’t need a lot of technical support and they don’t need any service.\ And as a result of that, Hach is growing their ecommerce business high-single-digits to double-digits consistently over, frankly, as many years as I can remember. Admittedly, we started off a small base a number of years ago, but we continue to invest there. I think that’s a great example of where we’ve used it very strategically and aligned ecommerce with the way customers want to buy. Now to go back to some of the areas specifically in your question, there is a whole bunch of products in our life science platform where ecommerce isn’t terribly well suited to procurement of a confocal microscope from -- like a Microsystems or mass spectrometer from AB SCIEX. But clearly, consumables for our Flow Cytometry business would be a great example. In the Dental platform, there are lots of opportunities for ecommerce. What we generally found is that the channel as it exists today, particularly in North America, provides those ecommerce capabilities. Whether you’re talking about Schein or Patterson or Benco or anyone of a number of others, they do quite a nice job with relatively low costs, low-tech, quick carrying consumables on ecommerce basis. And so, one angle is to align yourself strategically with distribution that has that capability and in another case maybe to have that capability yourself, if you’re the right player and you have the destination of choice. So, those are some of the ways we think about it. Steve, hopefully that gives you some insight in terms of the way I think about it.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Isaac. Post acquisition where we’ve really gotten up close in personal with the omni platform, we were very excited about its potential. We think it has exceptional opportunities to extend the already well-characterized, Cepheid menu to lower volume environments to physician labs and closer to the point of care, certainly at what we think will be an attractive instrumentation cost level as well. We’ve got a chance to work directly with the R&D teams and the product management teams that are on omni right now. And we’re very confident in the potential of that platform. I think realistically, there were couple of things that we wanted the team to sure up, technically around that product and couple of things that we wanted to make sure were in place commercially as well. And so right now, we’re looking at probably the first, early part of next year, maybe even as early as first quarter next year for that launch, just to make sure that we have that in the best shape possible.
Tom Joyce: I think in the area where the softness has been most acute, the traditional consumables business, it’s really a combination of seeing some better sell-through that’s the function of just the overall market as well as the channel, being comfortable that they right size inventories and have sort of lapped over that adjustment. So, I think, those are probably the most important things on a near-term basis. I think from an internal Danaher perspective, our goal is continue to invest in innovation in the traditional consumables side as well as to continue to improve the performance in the businesses that quite frankly are already performing quite well at a mid single digit rate, like Nobel and our equipment business, particularly with the investments that we’ve made in digital dentistry where going back to a question that was asked earlier about indefinite levels that we’ve made. We 2x the number of software engineers; they’re focused on digital dentistry across the platform, and I think that’s an example of something we’re working on internally that’s an investment that will pay off over time.
Tom Joyce: It’s really we literally just transferred the responsibility for that product line here in the first quarter over to water platform. And so, almost as if it were a newly acquired business that team is going through, I’m not sure I’d say 100-day strategic plan. But they’re looking at that business strategically and trying to figure out where the right investments are across that portfolio. There are a lot of different opportunities there, but we have to be selective about those; it’s not a huge business; it’s sub-700 million but it does need some work. And making the right investments from a product standpoint is going to be important there. So, it’s a little too early to say, but maybe in a quarter or two, we can give you some more insight.
Dan Comas: And Ross, as Tom noted, the acceleration from sort of high-single-digit growth last year to the double-digit growth we saw in the first quarter, was more the breadth -- wasn’t that that health care businesses got stronger, it’s more about the consistent double-digit growth across all the five platforms.
Dan Comas: Yes. In fact, orders were up mid-single-digit in Q1 for Pall all up as opposed to the low-single-digit on the revenue basis because it is prior year, equipment installed that we had in the Middle East, both in Q1 and we’ll also have piece of that in Q2 as well.
Dan Comas: Part of the step up was organic and part of it was the inclusion of Cepheid in the number, but we should be in that sort of ZIP code through the year.
Dan Comas: Shannon, the primary driver in the operating cash flow is really just the timing around tax payments. Our tax payments were $60 million, $70 million higher Q1. As you remember, we had relatively modest tax payments the first three quarters of last year and then very, very heavy tax payments, over 400 million in the fourth quarter. I think you’ll see more normalization of that as we go through the year. I think we’re set up for again high-single-digit 10% sort of growth in free cash flow for the full year. The CapEx increased primarily the new acquisitions, Cepheid, Phenomenex and again just some timing issues as well.
Dan Comas: He’s asking about what’s embedded in the guidance for the full year. We would expect comparable low-single-digit growth in the second quarter, again absent the project that we shipped half of that in the first quarter, half of the equipment in the second quarter of last year, we would expect to be mid single digit. So, we would expect order growth closer to mid single digits in the second quarter. And we think that t’s this up from mid single digit growth at Pall in the second half for the year.
Dan Comas: Steve, in terms of the days issue, it really impacts our consumables business. So, the 35% of our business at instrumentation and equipment, we typically don’t see an impact when we have a change a day or two in the quarter. But across Beckman diagnostics and Dental consumables, Videojet, Hach, Pall, filtration, where they’re shipping consumables on a daily basis, we tend to fell that. In the first quarter, our equipment sales were up 2.5%; that’s been pretty consistent the last couple of quarters. But our consumables, which tend to maybe a 100 basis points, 50 to 75 basis points better than that the last couple of quarters, they were also 2.5% and we think prior that impact was because of the days.
Dan Comas: They’re relatively -- we’re pretty far being completed with that; there are few small services back and forth. But I think size [ph] there relatively de minimis. 
