Rainer Blair: Thanks, Michael. Look, undoubtedly, visibility has been choppy here on the way up as COVID tailwinds fueled our growth. And now as we try to drive the soft landing visibility has been impacted. And I would tell you that normally, we have visibility of 9 to 12 months that’s very solid. But it is so that in the last quarters, that has been probably more like 3 to 6 months related to a number of factors. And let me lay some of those factors out for you here, Michael. Sort of starting with the first quarter. So in the first quarter, our base business in bioprocessing grew about 100 basis points, 1%. And if you unpack the growth there, large accounts that are responsible for commercial production and later-stage clinical trials are growing at mid-single digits. So they are burning off inventory. And I’ll come back to that. And then you have sort of emerging biotech and those companies that are more involved in discovery and earlier-stage clinical trial phases, which represent about 20% to 30% of our business and they are down mid-teens. So overall, this is what gets us to this sort of low single-digit growth view for the year. Now let me come back to the larger accounts here for just a second. We see in large biopharma that, in fact, the demand is there, the inventory is burning off, but it is slower than expected. And the reason for that is that we’re starting to see larger pharma companies as well as larger CDMOs replan and recalibrate their own production plans as they start to conserve working capital and cash. And we saw some of that also back in 2016. So we’re seeing larger customers also look at their own finished goods, if you will, inventories and starting to adjust their production plans in order to bring those down as well. So if you then transition over to, again, emerging biotech, so the companies that are working more in discovery and earlier stage. There – we have been observing funding headwinds for, call it, since the second half of the prior year. But those funding headwinds became significantly more pronounced here in the first quarter. And so we’re seeing these accounts looking to conserve cash by prioritizing projects. We see that with lower OpEx and CapEx expenditures, also see a number of layoffs happening in that particular segment. And that’s not just happening in the U.S. We also see that happening in China. And so we’re assuming that barring any other sort of wildcards here, that it doesn’t get significantly worse, but that this continues to play out for the remainder of the year.
Rainer Blair: And then just to reiterate, to support a significant second half ramp, we would start to see that activity level increasing now and in the second quarter. And we’re just not seeing it to the degree that would support that.
Rainer Blair: So Michael, more generally on the Life Sciences here to your first question. So if we look at Q1, the life sciences based business finished as we thought at high single digits after low double-digit average growth over the last 3 years. And we’ve talked previously about the expected normalization of those growth rates here after having seen that elevated growth for the last 3 years. So that’s right within our expectations. If you look at that geographically, we saw strength in Western Europe and China, in fact, was up double digits on the back of some stimulus there. and North America was a little bit softer. And if you look at Life Sciences, from an end market perspective, large pharma R&D spending levels are still very quite healthy but they are starting to moderate just given the higher comps. And now just connecting the dots to Matt’s commentary here, emerging biotech is impacted by the current funding environment, and we see smaller purchases, if you will, so rather than buying six, four instruments and in other places, really impacted in the less differentiated segments, let’s say. So we are seeing in our own business is not as exposed to that segment in life sciences but we do see it at the margin. And then life science research and academic is holding up well globally for life sciences. So we continue to believe our growth rates moderate to the historical levels in ‘23, and that’s what our value reflects. And that’s not a change to any previous expectations.
Rainer Blair: So Vijay, I mean, we’re basing our view on the second half. Also based on what we’re seeing in the current market environment, which we just talked about as well as our order book. And like I said a minute ago, in order to support a higher guide for the second half, we need to see different activity levels here in Q1 and Q2. And that’s not the case for two reasons. One, the emerging biotech is quite significantly softer, down mid-teens as we just talked about. And then I would say on the margin, larger accounts are taking a little bit more time to burn through inventory, although they are doing that nicely. And those factors together have us believe unless there is any other sort of significant market disruption that the year will play out much as the first quarter has.
Rainer Blair: Sure. So Vijay, on the Cepheid question, we’re really seeing a broad-based usage of the infectious disease menu. In fact, our broader menu in general, both at our existing installed base that’s been there for some time as well as with our newer customers as they start transitioning that COVID testing capacity that they have to take full advantage of that menu. So we see that 30% here as a good marker of how people appreciate the workflow advantages, the ease of use and the accuracy of the platform. Remember, we’re seeing two factors here. One, we see test transitioning from high throughput environment into the point of care on the one hand. And on the other hand, we see expanded usage of our testing menu.
Rainer Blair: So, on M&A, Vijay, obviously we don’t comment on chatter. But what I would tell you is we really like the way we are positioned. Our balance sheet is in great shape. Valuations continue to moderate, perhaps the one or the other Board is not quite there yet, but we do see more realism in the many discussions that we have across the board as always. And specifically, as we have said in the past should our customers tag on this and on our help and services, that’s not something that we are going to ignore. But once again, that’s just one of several opportunities. I think the most important thing to remember is that we are not going to deviate from our disciplined approach. It’s got to be the right end market. It’s got to be the right target and the model has to work. And it’s when those three lights flip green that we execute.
Rainer Blair: Sure, Jack. So, once again, first quarter, our orders were down modestly sequentially. So, relative to the fourth quarter, down modestly. But year-over-year, they declined 20%, okay. And so what we have been seeing is the inventory burn down that we have been talking about Matt and myself, is occurring, and we see that in our order book here for the first quarter. And then again, we have laid out why we believe that the current activity level supports sort of a similar progression of the quarters here throughout the year as we had in the first quarter.
Rainer Blair: Right. So, direct exposure was not material in any sense of the word. As it relates to the impact on our businesses, particularly in bioprocessing, to a much lesser extent in life sciences, we do think that, that provides that additional inflection point here in the first quarter for liquidity tightening up and that prioritization that we are seeing here in the emerging biotech segment, call it emerging biotech, and once again, those companies working on earlier stage projects. So, that’s where we have seen a more pronounced conservation of cash and that plays out in OpEx, CapEx and you can – and we talked about how that played out with mid-teens contraction as opposed to sort of a mid-teens growth versus prior periods.
Rainer Blair: So, just to confirm on the topic of emerging biotech, our assumption is and our guide reflects that the activity level in emerging biotech stays for the remainder of the year as it played out in the first quarter. So, we are not assuming any change there including that it doesn’t get significantly worse. Now, as it relates to how that segment progresses here, that’s from today’s point of view, hard to predict. We need to see where capital markets go, liquidity availability and yes, a stabilization and return to some degree of normality in the banking sector. But for the visibility that we have today, we are not expecting an improvement in that segment for the remainder of the year.
Rainer Blair: Well, as it relates to bioprocessing in China, we have had a very good and strong business there in China for years. And it helped quite significantly in China in order to build the capacity for vaccines and for other biologics. And what we see today, much like we have seen in the U.S. is that the Emerging Biotech segment, which is an important part of China’s efforts to build a local biopharma industry is also impacted by capital constraints. So, we have seen that play out in China as well. And in fact, that’s what is the primary impact on our China numbers here. In the first quarter, which on the whole were better than expected, primarily because of the patient volumes and the diagnostic businesses being stronger. Now, as it relates to the full year in China, we expect our full year in China to be up low-single digits for Danaher overall based on the market recovery, exiting COVID as well as, if you will, a normalization of the activity level in bioprocessing.
Matt McGrew: Mike, it’s Matt. Maybe we could give you a little bit of kind of context around January to kind of the guide in January to where we ended up. I know Rainer sort of mentioned it, but I think it’s important to kind of think about it in the two buckets. So we’ve got the larger biotech – or the larger customers that we’ve got, most of their stuff is sort of Phase 3 clinical on market. In January, our assumption was that, that was going to be kind of, call it, high single-digit growth from those customers. So 70% or so of our customers kind of growing at 7%, 8%. And then kind of the remaining 20%, 25% of the customers, which we’re sort of referring to as emerging biotech, not everything in there is probably technically emerging, but that other piece of the customers in January, we thought that was going to kind of be about low double digits to kind of low teens growth. And you add all that up and that would have been the high single-digit growth that we thought we were going to see here for the year. Like Rainer said, what we saw in Q1 was just, frankly, not that supportive of that kind of ramp as we think about what we would need to build in Q1 and Q2 be able to hit those types of numbers for the full year. And so if you think about what we’re looking at and seeing now in April, those large customers instead of being 7%, 8%, they have been growing still nicely, but more mid-single digits, right? And the big change here is this emerging biotech, another 20%, 25%. And instead of being up kind of mid-teens, they are actually down mid-teens and that comes back to everything that Rainer talked about with people really reprioritizing projects, conserving cash. That happened both in the U.S. and we saw it in China as well. And I think I’d probably say it we saw modest headwinds as we entered the year. And those are just more pronounced now as we move through the quarter. So just as a – to maybe put some numbers to what Reiner said.
Matt McGrew: Yes, I’ll comment on the bioprocessing broadly speaking, and maybe let Rainer talk about what we’re seeing in tools. The answer is yes. We’re seeing it in both. I would say that we have definitely seen the emerging biotech funding pressures here in the bioprocessing area. I would say we’re seeing it in the tool space or in life sciences as well. I would say that is a lesser portion, obviously, of our revenue. So it’s not quite as big of an impact. But are we seeing – yes, I would say we are seeing customers in those spaces conserving cash on both CapEx and OpEx.
Matt McGrew: Yes, Vijay, maybe just to kind of – to put a real-life example to that, I think. So if you think about what we’re seeing, we’ve got customers – existing customers today, we kind of goes both ways, right? So we’ve got existing customers today that, for example, will use Group A Strep. And those customers now sort of are also moving everything over to the four to one or to COVID as well. And then you’ve got the other way, which is that sort of installed base going from kind of 2x growth here over the last 3 years. You have got people who have used these systems now for many, many years. And what they are doing is they are starting to bring in new menu and that new menu has been around infectious disease first, which is primarily right now, were largely Group A Strep. So, you are kind of having somebody who used the box throughout COVID testing, using it on for COVID four-and-one, and stand-alone. And now they are bringing on Group A Strep as well. And so that’s what we always kind of talked about with COVID being an anchor assay as we go forward, larger installed base, anchor assay, now you move into infectious disease, there will be other opportunities to pull in sort of other menu as we go forward. But that’s exactly the type of thing we are seeing play out here. And that’s – it is encouraging. Early days yet, I mean and also still some lower base these are off of lower numbers. But as we go forward, we have sort of talked about next year and the longer term. That’s why I think that installed base growth was so important because we have got the menu, be able to pull through and then the additions of the new menu are going to be only helpful on that larger installed base.
Matt McGrew: Yes. I think Vijay, too, I mean I think as we sit here, I think it’s – not saying this is ‘08, ‘09, but having a balance sheet that we have got right now and being able to kind of be flexible, I think is important in times like these because as Rainer said, when the market company valuation all line up, we are ready to go. But we do need to see all three of those. And as things get a little choppier here as they might get a little job here, I think I really like how we are kind of set up here from a balance sheet perspective as well.
Matt McGrew: Yes. Scott, maybe I will take a crack at it. Yes, like we talked about in the prepared remarks, we are sort of going from an adjusted OP – adjusted operating margins of 31 in our previous guide to 30. And I think the way to think about it is sort of twofold, half of that is just the volume, right. Like – and most of that is all of that activities in bioprocessing. But the other half is capacity reduction costs. I would say that that’s going to be two places. It’s going to be in biotechnology and then as importantly, and more importantly, probably at Cepheid. Like you said, we have always sort of known we were going to get to an inflection point here at some point where we were sort of making the call that we have moved into an endemic phase. And once we moved into an endemic phase, we were going to need to bring some of the capacity that we have been running at it Cepheid down. And so I think just as a reminder, in Q4 last year, we did 20 million respiratory tests, and that was only three months ago. But I think you have really seen a tail off here as we have entered into the last couple of months. And I think our team is pretty clear that we are now kind of entering a new phase of volumes that we will need. And so we are going to be getting after some of that. And I think what does that look like, it’s talking about closing and consolidating some of the plants that we have got. Some of those were frankly put up quickly in locations that were not ideal for the longer term because we are trying to meet the needs of a pandemic. So, we are going to get after a couple of those sites. We are going to reduce some of the headcount and then we are going to go after indirect and fixed overhead costs as well, reducing shifts, etcetera, etcetera. So, those are the types of things we are going to be going after here. That’s largely going to be in the second quarter and third quarter is when you are going to see the costs sort of roll through. So, you will see that in the margin in those two quarters and then to sort of pop back a little bit. And then maybe just to give you some sense of what’s that look like in – once we are done with that kind of in Q4 and as we head into ‘24, Scott, I think Cepheid in 2019 was a 20% to 25% OP business, during the peak of the pandemic here, it probably was north of 45%. And after we get through what we are going to do in the next couple of quarters, like I have said on the capacity reduction side, starting kind of in Q4 and heading into ‘24, they are going to be 35% to 40% margin, right. So, meaningfully up from where we were given the volumes that we have now, it’s a much bigger business, but not quite at the peak pandemic where I was getting a lot of volume leverage, but that gives you a sense of what we are going after, what we are trying to do and where we end up on the other side.
Matt McGrew: Yes. So, maybe – again, maybe the way to think about it, Dan, is that sort of the larger customers that are really where we are seeing the inventory drag. That was sort of – we initially thought we would see that in the high-single digits, call it, 7%, 8%, and that’s a little bit lower now, call it, 6% and change. And so I think the inventory destocking is flowing through in the larger customers, and you are seeing it at a slightly lower growth rate that we saw in Q1 and we are expecting them to see for the full year. So, that’s how I would sort of frame what the inventory destocking is. The rest is really, like I talked about earlier, emerging biotech and sort of the other 25% of our customers, we thought that, that would be a low teens type growth rate here for the year. Combine that with the 8% that we thought we would see in the larger, that’s how we get to high-single digits. That low teens is actually negative mid-teens, right, with all the pressures we talked about. So, I would say that we are just sort of assuming that that type of growth rate for the rest of the year for that customer base and that we are going to have – the larger customers will be more in the mid-single digit like I talked about. That’s what we are kind of assuming for the year. And based entirely on what we saw in Q1, the order book in Q1 sort of not being supportive, frankly, of, in our minds, at least, the ability with the limited visibility we have or more limited visibility, just not supportive of being able to say that we think we can get back to high-single digits. I think you asked a question of what those customers were there last year. That entire business largely was up in line with what we saw last year, which is as you remember, mid to high 20s. So, kind of you sort of look at mid to high-20s with that group of folks, now they are sort of down mid-teens, still a very solid growth on a 2-year basis, but it is what we are seeing right now.
Matt McGrew: Yes. No, I mean I think if you are going through the full year, the math is what it is at around 30% adjusted OP margins, I think sort of that takes care of itself. As far as what we are going to look like as we sort of get to the other side of this. I mean I talked a little bit about Cepheid kind of was 20% to 25% pre-pandemic, peaked up at 45% and 35% to 40%. I mean I think if you sort of use that frame plus what we have in diagnostics, that sort of gets you where we think roughly the margin profile will be. Biotech is probably the other one after we get through some of these costs. The same math there was biotech was, call it, high 30s prior to the pandemic. Again, it peaked at around, call it, 45% and change. And after we sort of get through what I think we are going to do there, they are probably going to be more like low-40s. So, again better than they were pre-pandemic given the fact that they are a bigger business. But those two pieces, I think you can slide into what ‘24 might look like. And then life sciences, that should be kind of plus or minus where we have been here. That has not been a margin that’s moved around quite a bit. A little bit of COVID stuff as we had in ‘22 and ‘21, but I think you can kind of get a sense of what the margins are there. So, maybe it’s just a high-level framework, you are probably high-30s, low-40s with Cepheid, you can kind of assume some other stuff for the diagnostics, biotech, probably low-40s than what we are seeing in LS. But we will obviously sort of come back to that later, still pretty early in ‘23, but just to give you a very high level view.
