H. Lawrence Culp: Steve, all your questions are fair, but we're very pleased with the health care performance. You're exactly right. To see Life Sciences up mid-single, certainty on the Dental consumables as well, the Diagnostic businesses to boot, very pleased with that. But remember, we had water up mid-single-digits. GVR was in that zone as well and Videojet, particularly. So we had a number of businesses in mid-single-digits or better in the quarter. So a lot of folks contributed. But to your question, capital allocation is something that the Danaher board takes quite seriously, as you imagine. I think they understand that, that's a critical responsibility they have relative to the company. And clearly, we had a bias, a distinct bias over time toward M&A. What we've been able to do organically has thrown up a lot of cash. And what we've done is redeploy that back in a way that has complemented what we're doing organically, inorganically, to build what we think is a unique and outstanding portfolio. I think that bias, Steve, is very much intact today simply because while we have tremendous capacity, we talked about $8 billion over the next couple of years potentially, we see a wealth of opportunity. And again, the quality and the quantity of the conversations that we're having with potential partners, with potential sellers, is something that we find encouraging. There's no question that given where public equity valuations are in many spaces, M&A is more challenging at this point in time. But those valuations again can be a catalyst, a trigger, if you will, for the types of conversations that we're having. I think that when we meet again in December as we did when we met in December, the board will talk through all of the options that we have to build value, including buybacks, including the dividend. But that said, I think the bias that we have is, one, we have a tremendous amount of conviction in despite the fact, as you say, that while we've deployed $850 million this year, we haven't had a big, big deal since Beckman.
H. Lawrence Culp: Steve, I think it's more normal course. Clearly, for a host of macro reasons, valuations in a number of places are probably a bit ahead of the fundamentals, right? And we're going to be more rooted on the fundamentals and we're clearly in a slow-growth global scene with, despite last night's news or this morning's news, a great deal of uncertainty out there. So that doesn't make it easy necessarily. But again, it's hard for me to characterize or generalize the 1 reason or the 2 reasons that some of the things that we have been working on haven't come to a head yet. But again, I think that each situation is unique. We don't need to have a broad array of sellers out there. We simply need to have a handful of folks that we'd love to have part of Danaher get to a point where we can both be happy around the terms of the transaction.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think if I can take the last part of your question, elevate it up and out of T&M and just look at the world more broadly, we clearly have seen a bit of the edge come off the high-growth markets. That said, they're still leading the way for us, as you know. I think we were pleased to see the U.S. be -- well, U.S. and Western Europe to be better incrementally. But for the high-growth market basket to be up, say, mid-single-digits plus as opposed to low double-digits is something that we wish were otherwise. But the macro is what it is. Scott, specifically at T&M, I think what we saw in the quarter is important to understand if you look business-by-business. The comms business had a really good quarter from an orders perspective. They were up double-digit. But as you know, in that space, deliveries can be a bit lumpy. And I think that's really where we were a little soft, vis-à-vis our expectations. But the order strength that they had sets us up well going into the fourth quarter. And we think the comms business is probably going to be up somewhere in the high single-digit range in the fourth quarter. So I'm not really worried about that. On the instrument side, I think we were actually pretty encouraged by what we saw. I mean, Tek was down slightly as was Fluke. But for Tek to be down slightly, that frankly is the best quarter we've seen since the fourth quarter of 2011 and very much in line with where we thought they would be as they work through some of the macro issues that you're alluding to. Fluke was in a similar position and really because outside of China, we saw the high-growth markets tail a little bit. India, Turkey, Russia were softer than we had anticipated. China, fortunately, was positive, at a low single-digit rate unfortunately, but still an acceleration, slight acceleration from where we were in the second quarter. So all in all, I think we were pleased with the way the quarter played out because, as you know, instruments has really been where we've been challenged. And it was really that comms dynamic that was a little softer than expectation. But again, it sets us up well for the fourth quarter.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, it's a little hard to pin down. We didn't use the backup script we had if things didn't happen as everyone hoped they would last night here in Washington. But we've seen a little bit of sequestration impact in certain pockets, a little bit in LS&D, a little bit in T&M. And I think we've dialed that in. But to the extent that there's any residue from the circus over the last couple of weeks, we know what we know today, right? And I don't think it gets materially worse, given they found a way to a deal last night.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think the way September played out, Nigel, was more or less as we had anticipated, frankly. I think as we went through the summer, we knew we'd have a lot riding on September. Certainly, pleased to see Europe go positive again, albeit ever so slightly. I think in terms of the high-growth markets, we saw China up again low single-digits in the quarter, but we saw a little bit less froth in other high-growth markets but still positive, right? So if you look overall, I would've thought that given some of the macro issues that we might have seen a little bit of greater spottiness in Brazil and India. They're both up 15% for us despite the ForEx issues there. And Russia was up mid-singles for us. So I think we're probably more incrementally cautious about how much growth we will get from the high-growth markets but continue to believe that they'll lead the way here going into the fourth quarter and as we gear up for 2014.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. Well, I think in terms of the impact, clearly that was a test that had a run rate in the $40 million to $50 million range at peak before we acquired the company and before they got into the issues from a regulatory perspective. I think what it really means for us going forward commercially is that we can go back and sell that assay on any machine to any customer. And that's going to help us not only claw back what we can in terms of that lost revenue, but going forward, when existing customer contracts are up for renewal, there's no troponin issue to work through, that's solved. And when we're competing for new business as well, Nigel, that is not something that will be held against us. I think just as importantly from a product development perspective, the organization understandably spent considerable time and talent, let alone dollars, in paying off that inheritance tax, if you will. We get to pivot now with that behind us, putting those people and that money on more traditional growth investments, particularly in terms of menu expansion and complementary software and service capability. So it's a big deal for us commercially. It's probably even a bigger deal long term from an innovation perspective. And finally, as you can appreciate, having that successfully concluded is a tremendous morale booster for the team.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, what we're going to do with the efficiency and productivity efforts in the fourth quarter is we will spend, I think, at this point, close to $100 million in the quarter and would expect that, that gives us a nice payback going into '14, probably in the $70 million to $80 million range. So we're going to top that up a little bit and probably use a little bit of the beat here to do that in part because we can and in part frankly because we should, given the uncertainties that still lurk out there. So I think it's a good setup for us going into the fourth quarter and getting ready for next year.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. Well, I think the visibility really comes from the sales funnels, right? And those sales funnels and the issues and the opportunities we have, I think, are our best window there, Jeff. But I think if you look at the trend lines in terms of retention rates for existing customers, win rates for new customers, let alone that you have a punch list of some of the things that we needed to work through, be they regulatory approvals that we just talked through, product enhancements and the like, improvements in delivery and service, I think we just again are a more competitive company every day. And that, coupled with the lessons we glean from our higher-growth Diagnostics businesses, Radiometer and Leica Biosystems, give us the confidence that we'll continue to see the sequential improvement in the underlying core growth at Beckman with the lineup we've got. Obviously, there's some longer-term growth drivers that kick in, in time, like our molecular diagnostics effort. But that's really not something that we're going to talk a lot about today. But we've got a long-term plan here that, I think, gives us again the confidence that Beckman is going to be a good grower for us.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think that we have seen a welcome stabilization and, dare I'd say, a modest improvement in the muni scene. And we see it both at Hach Lange and at Trojan. Is Hach taking a little bit of share? We think so. But as you know, Jeff, it's such a fragmented market. It's hard to pin down inside a 90-day period. But we clearly have the winning franchise in a number of product categories that are important, not only on the lab bench, but in the plant at Hach.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, clearly, I think the macro context is important, Jon, not only for Danaher, but for all of us, right? But we can't control that. So we've just concluded our strategic plan reviews, which is really the front end for us to our budget cycle that we will begin here in a couple of weeks. And I think what we try to do is really make sure that with all of our businesses in the context of their respective markets, that we're very clear as to what winning looks like in '14. It's going to be a share gain play in a lot of places. We need to make sure we are grabbing as much high-growth market opportunity as we can come, even if those markets are a little less robust. We want to make sure we're continuing to drive everything we can from a digital perspective from the way we generate leads and sell to some of the new product and business model changes that are likely to occur, and all the while, I think, make sure that we're staying focused on the qualities of the delivery, the cost side of the business that has always been a DBS hallmark. So we take none of that for granted. That's our game plan really across the portfolio going into '14. And '14 will be what it is in terms of the context. We need to control our destiny as best we can.
H. Lawrence Culp: I think when we get to the other side of our budget cycle and we get to New York in mid-December, we'll detail out all of the assumptions for next year.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. Jon, I think from a margin perspective, 2 key points. One, it is our highest gross margin business. So when a little bit of revenue goes missing in T&M, we feel it. I'd say the other, as we alluded to in our prepared remarks, we're continuing to invest in innovation, particularly on the comms side as we look at some of the LTE opportunities, as well as the expansion of the Arbor business beyond their DdoS core. We can't let the near-term dynamics get in the way of making sure we continue to invest in what has been, this quarter notwithstanding, really one of our best growth contributors in the last couple of years and a business that we think will be similarly positioned going forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: I don't want to pound the table too much, Shannon. Again, we were down, albeit slightly. But the comps helped a little bit. But you'd have thought that, that would have been the case 5 quarters into the slowdown, right? And again, we haven't been in this zone since the fourth quarter of 2011. China continues to be challenging. And I say China, I think it's really more the tech sectors that we serve with the export base there in China as opposed to China more broadly. But we saw, I thought, nice improvement in the U.S., good improvement in Western Europe and some of the other high-growth markets were contributing. But just given the vertical mix, when Tek is going through what it is going through, the Tek end markets, it is challenging for Tek in the short term. But I think, all-in, we were encouraged with the print and hope to build on that as we move forward here in the next couple of quarters. I don't think the context for them gets any easier, so we're going to have to work hard to get north of line and put a positive print on Tek.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think frankly the stability in the U.S. and in Western Europe has helped us a good bit there. I think we're executing better. We've reset the mix a bit across the group away from some of these more volatile end markets. That's been a multiyear effort. Some of the exits that Dan alluded to are around discrete customer situations. So I think there's a little bit of market help there, Shannon. But I think that the great work that team has done on margins that has been evident in virtually every print here in the last 8 or 9 quarters is also showing up in the quality of their revenue set. And that, in turn, is why we're getting a better top line once you kind of filter away the one-offs out of the group. A little bit more health care, a little less semi helps a lot in this environment.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. No, I think at PID, the issue in the quarter, Julian, is really the comp. We had a very large global consumer electronics opportunity a year ago. It was primarily a laser marking application. It was great to get. It's a little hard to offset in the quarter a year later. And I'd say that, coupled with the drupa show a year ago, really set Esko up for a very strong back half as the orders taken at drupa were shipped in the back half of the year. If you look at the core marking and coding business at Videojet, again, we were up mid-single-digits there. I think that business continues to perform very well, clearly the market leader. And the newest acquisition, X-Rite, was up mid-single-digits as well. So they're continuing to, I think, get their arms around the opportunity they have with DBS. So I realize the headline print isn't stellar, but it's frankly what we had anticipated happening and really have no concerns here around the core growth engines in PID as we move forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think in terms of what we've seen on consumables in the U.S., as you well know, Brandon, it varies a little bit category-by-category. But we've been pretty pleased with the resiliency of what we have seen. Now what matters most obviously is POS in a number of the categories. And we don't really have up-to-the-minute visibility in that regard, given we go to market through distribution. But where we have that line of sight, it hasn't been, I think, as troublesome as the headlines out of Washington might suggest. In terms of the margin expansion with the business, again as we said, pretty darn proud of the progress the team has made on the margin front. We love the 16.1% print here. I think Dental can be a 20% platform or segment for us, really no reason for that not to be the case. We have work to do to expand the gross margins there. And that's work we're after, not only in terms of existing cost, but frankly new product design. And I think over time, there's leverage to be had out of the OpEx base. So I don't think in any way should you take this third quarter number as a high-water mark. It's a sign of progress, but there's more to come.
H. Lawrence Culp: Deane, it's a timely question, not only because we finished up in New York and Marv was down for the grand opening, so to speak. But with the Chicago win, we really get on the treatment side, a top 10 U.S. city deploying UV for the first time. So the application is a little bit different than New York. I think a lot of eyes are on Chicago. So we're keen to go from order to shipment and installation and get that gear installed. And I do think that will help us drive greater print penetration at the higher-volume sites or localities going forward. So it's a big order, which is great. But again, strategically, as you point out, probably more important to us going forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. Ross, I think, overall, we're very pleased with the Diagnostics platform, not only because of where we are with Beckman, but the real performance driver, as you know, for us the last several years have been Radiometer and Leica Biosystems. Radiometer has just done a phenomenal job globally in critical care, both on the core blood gases and now in cardiac care. And that franchise is just a wonderful business. Leica Biosystems, similarly, we positioned in a bit of a niche in the path lab, has only plugged into the highest product growth category, advanced staining, but has done that in a differentiated way, given we really can go end-to-end in that workflow from our core histo products all the way to advanced staining, and now increasingly with Aperio, into some of the informatic applications. I think at Beckman, in terms of the top line and our competitiveness, we are where we hoped to be in the second half of 2013. We thought this would be a low single-digit growth year as we paid off some of that inheritance tax, not only from a regulatory view but frankly a lot of the internal issues that we needed to work through, quality, service and the like. But we really like where Beckman is today. And I think as we move forward, we're going to play a lot more offense commercially. We're going to be better-positioned from an innovation and R&D perspective, both with the instruments as well as the menu. And that may not ever put Beckman in short of a big impact from the molecular effort into the Radiometer, Leica high single-digit, low double-digit growth range, but Beckman can be a very solid mid-single-digit plus grower for us over time and certainly has still runway in front of us from a margin expansion view.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think we have been focused frankly, Ross, first and foremost, on making sure that Beckman itself is strong. But as we made the progress that I alluded to earlier, we have been doing more with Radiometer, with Leica Biosystems, to collaborate and do some things that we might not be able to do independently. Valuations run in cycles, right? And there'll be times when there are attractive opportunities for us to add to Beckman and to the Dx platform, and we'll take advantage of those. And as you saw with the IRIS investment, where we extended Beckman into urinalysis, we're at the point where we think the business is strong enough and capable to think about those sorts of investments in addition to what we're doing organically. So I think it's full speed ahead at Beckman.
Daniel L. Comas: Scott, I would say, generally, we did see some pockets of weakness in government in the third quarter, probably saw a little bit more in the industrial businesses. Even though it's not a big piece of Fluke and T&M, we definitely saw the impact. We are expecting a more difficult fourth quarter in Life Sciences compared to the third quarter. I think that's the combination of a couple of things. One was we had a terrific quarter Q4. We had a very tough comp here in Life Science. And I think there's a little concern about the residue of what's happened here the last couple of weeks. So part of the reflection, we did overall as a company have a better core growth last year in Q4 than we did Q3. And that was probably most notable in Life Science, and we'll feel some of that headwinds here in Life Science in the fourth quarter.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, there are a couple of factors driving the cash flow being a little bit behind last year. One is the timing of tax payments. We've had higher year-to-date tax payments than a year ago. That should flip a little bit here in the fourth quarter. But as you point out, there's also some working capital dynamics. Last year, in our comms business, we had some sizable upfront payments on some projects. Not surprisingly, those are harder to get these days. It's a little bit of a one-off there in terms of deferred revenue. And then on the inventory side, we have had a -- I would talk to this, a sizable increase in kind of new products this year. That has impacted our inventory levels, which are a little bit higher than they were at this time last year. We expect some of that to correct here in the fourth quarter.
Daniel L. Comas: I wouldn't read anything into it. We had a Eurobond come due in the third quarter and we had cash on hand and we redeemed it at that point. And obviously, the capital market is still wide open here, so not concerned that if we were to run down some larger deals, we'd have any issues with financing.
Daniel L. Comas: Yes. I mean, I wouldn't read much in from the bolt-ons in terms of what they would mean for larger situations. Some of these are very profitable niche add-ons or businesses that we expect to be very profitable companies becoming product lines within the operating structure.
Daniel L. Comas: Jeff, the lion's share of it will occur in Q4. There were some early spending in Q3, but it was a modest amount.
Daniel L. Comas: Shannon, instead of being down high single-digits, I think we would've been down just a little bit. We've had 3 quarters in a row where our book-to-bill has increased and we were north of 1 in the third quarter. Again, we've got 2 more quarters of this -- of the noise, getting out of this low-margin business. But I think the underlying trends are favorable right now.
Daniel L. Comas: And Julian, we'll have a little bit of that laser overhang in Q4 and not near as pronounced as Q3 and we expect a better print here in Q4.
Daniel L. Comas: Julian, we -- R&D and sales and marketing continue to grow faster than organic revenue, but not -- it was not the same -- as you point out, not the same differentials we saw in the first half. As long as we're expanding gross margins, doing what we did on the G&A side, which was keeping it flat year-on-year, we're comfortable with that makeup because we think that's helping us drive some of this relative outperformance in some of our businesses.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, part of the year-to-date income increases are onetime or so. The overall point is accurate, but it's not that significant. And we expect better free cash flow here than we had a year ago in Q4 because of the dynamics I covered.
Daniel L. Comas: Brandon, for the instrument side, our book-to-bill remained about 1.0. So orders were basically in line with -- shipments were down ever so slightly. I think orders were about flat but not a big change. As Larry alluded to, orders were very good at comms and we were well north of 1 for comms.
Daniel L. Comas: I mean, we continue to see good progress on the gross margin side. That's obviously a function of what we did last year in Q4, the benefit of some of these new products coming in at higher gross margin. Price, still pretty steady. We're getting the same price on the consumable side. Equipment remains challenging. It's definitely worse than it was, say, 2 years ago, but it's been pretty consistent with what we're seeing. On the input side, we've done a good job on -- we've done a very good job on the procurement side this year. And you see that in what has been a low-growth environment, our gross margin up 60 basis points. And we've had as good a year as any on doing a better job on sourcing and procurement.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, as I mentioned to Julian, we continue to spend faster on those growth levers in our overall top line against driving margin expansion because of the gross margin and the G&A. And that continues to be our plan in the near term, and won't get any more specific than that.
