Thomas Patrick Joyce: Good morning, Ross. Thanks. Thanks for the question. Let’s start with the jumping-off point, Ross, of sort of the second quarter end and the first half. If we look at the 2% in the quarter and really look through that to the order rate, and we’re actually rather encouraged by the core orders, which were 100 basis points better than our core growth. When we look at the second quarter number that we put up, that was mostly obviously due to dental. Our expectations were in line with dental being closer to a flat number came in lower than that, down slightly, and the results of that really represented the difference between the 2% we put up and the 2.5% that we expected. So it was really largely around the dental. I’ll come back to water in just a second and your point about timing. We are seeing the continued destocking that I mentioned, and that’s primarily around the traditional consumables side, and we look at the rest of the dental portfolio, and as I mentioned, we continue to see good performance across our specialty consumables businesses as well as equipment. And so, I think we need to get through these adjustments relative to the channel before we can see some better performance from the dental platform, and as a result of that, we thought it was a relatively prudent approach to think of that as being consistent in the second half of the year with the first half of the year until we can get through those.  I’ll come back to the forward look here in a second, but I thought there were a number of encouraging things around the jumping-off, or starting point, here in the second quarter and the first half. Life Science in particular at 3.5%, a little bit better than expectations; really good performance at Beck Life Science; and at SCIEX as well, both mid-single digit, very good quarters. And despite the lower number that we put up at Pall, and you mentioned this briefly in your question, a very challenging comp at Pall both in terms of the life science side as well as the industrial side relative to the first half of last year and specifically the second quarter. So I think there is a number of things to point to you that would suggest that there are some things that underlies the first half, which, once we get passed, would suggest better performance in the second half. So the first half, you’re really looking at a 2.5% sort of start, again, encouraged by the core orders that were about 100 basis points better than that. We get passed the comp issues at Pall. We see Cepheid and Phenomenex coming into the core and some modest improvement in water quality, particularly as it relates to this timing in Hach environmental, which were some larger orders, I think that 3% number that we’re looking for in the third quarter and some better numbers than that in the fourth quarter, all feel quite reasonable to us. If I step back even further back for a second, Ross, we’ve done a portfolio here that’s demonstrated over the last couple of years, the ability to drive 3%, 3.5% core growth as a starting point. And so, I think, with some of these further factors, again, we’re relatively encouraged about the potential here. At a macro level, we think the exposures that we have to high-growth end markets, like biologics, like food and environmental, our growing position in molecular, even the opportunities that we have in the dental platform around the digitization of dentistry, all are strong macro drivers that underpin this platform. Recent acquisitions are clearly faster-growing businesses than in the underlying portfolio that they came in to, and again, improvement at more recently acquired businesses that we’ve talked about for a period of time here, the newness of this portfolio and our ability to drive core growth that we’ve demonstrated in the past with newer businesses. I think, you put all those things together, and I think there’s a lot of reasons to be optimistic for the acceleration that we’re looking for in the second half. So I know it’s a bit of a long-winded answer. Apologize for that, but hopefully that gives you a sense of things.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Ross, just in terms of the balance sheet, I mean, we feel very good about it, particularly given the exceptional free cash flow that we delivered here in the quarter, nearly $900 million of free cash flow in great conversion continues to position the balance sheet exceptionally well for further acquisition efforts. We’ve talked to $500 billion worth of opportunities here in the second half, but by the time we round the corner, with this bubble of free cash flow generation, round the corner into 2018, we’d be back to spending certainly at a free cash flow level or beyond. So I think our bias from a size standpoint continues to increase as the balance sheet returns to fighting shape. Relative to our business model and our preferences, obviously, our past track record here in the last couple of years would suggest we look for businesses with strong underlying growth capabilities and growth trajectory in strong market positions, leading positions in those markets. You’ve seen us build our position relative to the consumables and aftermarket in our businesses. Today, we are at roughly 55% consumables, and we think that underpins the level of market and volumes visibility and stability and also underpins good gross margins and strong operating margins. We look for global businesses and exposure and opportunities to high-growth markets. I think Cepheid is a great example of a business that has tremendous opportunities in high-growth markets but largely under-penetrated in those markets. And so, I think a continued bias towards strong growth rate, good consumables businesses, balanced with exceptional installed bases that are anchored by strong brand, global positions and high-growth market opportunities, I think all represent the kind of model that we’d be looking for in future acquisitions. So hopefully that helps.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Thanks, Tycho. Tycho, we actually in mass spec, we had a very good quarter in mass spec with good performance, particularly in pharma and in the applied markets. The only softness that we saw around mass spec, which is not really new news, we’ve seen it earlier this year and it really is a comp versus prior year, is really around the clinical anchored store clinical position in mass spec around pain panels. And as some of the reimbursement chains in pain panels, we saw a headwind there, and we’ll get through that headwind in the balance of this year; but otherwise, good performance, a very good performance SCIEX generally across the number of the end markets.  At Beckman, in diagnostics, we were very encouraged by the continued improvement particularly in North America with improving retention rates that we track very consistently as well as competitive win rates. That being said, we do believe that there is some uncertainty in the end markets today around ACA and what ultimately happens there. We’ve seen some hesitation on the part of some customers to make some decisions, and we’re going to need to get through that. I don’t think the happenings of the past week have done much to eliminate that uncertainty; but in the meantime, I think we’re driving what we can control well, which is ensuring that we serve our current customers well and drive increasing levels of customer retention and enhancing our win rates, and that’s coming partly on the back of the work that we’ve done in terms of new products, both in terms of our hematology platform as well as assays that we’ve launched around AMH and vitamin D. So we are encouraged by the performance there. We think that the rationalization of the product portfolio between the VERIS, the VERIS platform and the Cepheid platform is going to enhance our position in what is arguably the fastest growing segment of the diagnostic market, which is molecular.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Sure. Well, both in terms of leading and the lagging, Western Europe actually is – our softness there is largely around our dental platform. We had a number of businesses that performed quite well in Europe, but we would put the bulk of that softness in Western Europe around dental.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: I think what’s a little bit different about the scenario today versus probably nine months ago is that nine months ago, we were really talking about a phenomenon that the channel first began taking about, which is that the disconnect between what was being sold in and what was being sold out started to create an inventory issue. So as the consumables market began to slow down, distributors began to adjust their order patterns later last year. I think what’s different today that’s enhanced it, Doug, is that there are some channel dynamics going on right now with some shifts in terms of manufacturing distributor alignment, all that’s been made public, and I think that has further exacerbated some of the shifts we’re seeing right now. So I don’t think it’s simply a continuation of something that began last year. I think it’s probably a little bit of what went on last year as well as the increased turbulence that’s been associated with some of the shifts in the channel alliances. 
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Steve, thanks. So let’s start with pharma. We continue to remain very positive on the pharma market and specifically the biologics portion of the pharma market. As you may have heard us mentioned in the past, we have about $1.5 billion worth of revenue that’s attached to the pharma market, and specifically in the biologics area, and these are largely around the bulk of assets at Pall and at SCIEX as well as a couple of other life science businesses. There is a lot of strong macro drivers, I think, underlying our continued optimism around pharma, specifically around the growth of biologic drugs, the shift from small molecule, investments in small molecule development. It’s a large molecule development. I think you’ve heard us mentioning a number of the statistics that are supportive of that in the past. You mentioned drug pricing, Steve. That does get some air time these days. I think drug pricing, in combination with just broader uncertainty around ACA, I think certainly has to have some impact on pharma companies today. We’ve certainly seen some of our customers manage inventories a little bit more tightly, I think, make sure that they’re managing their cost structures. We feel very – pretty well insulated from a lot of that because we produced a very high-value consumable at relatively low cost of the overall manufacturing process of a biologic. But nevertheless, these are factors that have to influence these customers in the macro. So while we feel extremely positive about the biologics market continuing, clearly you’ll hear a little bit of noise in the market about uncertainty associated with some of those factors. You did hear me mention accurately about our business in the academic market relatively stable. I think that was specifically probably around SCIEX. That being said, you mentioned NIH. NIH, direct NIH spending is a relatively small portion of our overall life science business. And so while it’s always encouraging to see NIH spending increased, the absolute impact on that, given our small direct NIH spending presence, means it’s a good thing but ultimately doesn’t really move the needle that dramatic. I think it’s a good macro indicator, but I probably wouldn’t go much further than that.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Deane, this was a product line discontinuation. It was not a sale or any form of a transaction like that. In terms of a tipping point, I don’t know that there would be necessarily a single point. This was something that we knew or thought about, I should say, as a possibility when we were going through diligence. Obviously, it was well understood that we were going to have an additional product line in molecular diagnostics. What we couldn’t necessarily fully understand until we got beyond diligence close the transaction and really got underneath the product roadmap was the ability for us to continue to scale the gene expert platform and infinity over time both in terms of menu as well as in terms of daily volume or throughput, if you will. And so, as we came to understand the potential that was represented by the Cepheid platform and that unique architecture that they developed, we then were able to really map that against the capabilities of the VERIS platform, the runway in terms of menu expansion of VERIS and the associated process for FDA clearance and other regulatory approvals, and we found that not only did we have a tremendous opportunity in terms of scalability, throughput and assay development, but really it accelerated our position beyond what we anticipated in due diligence. And so it really was through what I think was a pretty thoughtful analysis that really was a team effort between the Cepheid team and the Beckman diagnostic team. They came to a unified conclusion that this was in the best interest of our diagnostic portfolio.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: I see no flags throw. Happy to take questions on dental in any dimension. There is no question because -- about the impact of destocking here, because we have a relatively high level of transparency with our major distribution partners around sell out byproduct category for us and against the house. So it’s a mathematical equation. We also have outstanding dialogue and transparency with our channel partners around what their current inventory levels are in terms of weeks and months and what their internal targets are managing their own balance sheet situation. So, I think we are on firm ground factually. I think, from a product line standpoint, I mention that we’ve actually seen good growth in a number of our dental product lines. I think, in those areas where -- on the traditional consumables side, where clearly there has been the weakness that we’ve noticed, while the destocking is pretty mathematical, could there be shifts between individual competitors inside the house that we don’t get full transparency to, certainly it’s possible. But I would say, today, if we lost any share in the consumables side, it would be very marginal.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Thanks for the question. Cepheid integration has gone extremely well. We have a wonderful team of long-time Cepheid associates, many of whom are in the top leadership positions around the business, and we’ve supplemented that team with a small number of key leaders from the Danaher side: one in operations, one in finance, just to name a couple. And I think the combination of that long-term Cepheid leadership team as well as some of the Danaher associates have continued to make exceptional progress. That progress has really come on the back of a consistent use of the tools of the Danaher business system. Some of that has come in the form of manufacturing productivity improvements, higher levels of volume being moved through given manufacturing cells at lower headcount levels in some cases, but in other cases, simply a function of being able to keep up with the growing demand at the same level of headcount, and therefore, driving higher levels of productivity. So, we’re thrilled with the progress that the team is making operationally. In terms of some of the low-hanging fruits that you asked about, I think it’s been pretty consistent with the expectations that we had. Low-hanging fruit in an acquisition integration typically starts with public company cost, and those company cost have come out of the business. We seen – we’ve seen very good improvement in areas that we focus on, like indirect costs, which were not managed as tightly over time there as we would typically do at Danaher. We focused on purchase price variance and looking for supplier either rationalization or a combinations with existing Danaher suppliers, where we have outstanding quality and delivery, and some of that integration of suppliers has led to improvement in gross margins from a material cost perspective, and we continued to drive those improvements over time.  In addition to that, I think commercially the teams are working very well together. While we maintain an independent commercial team at Cepheid, we have a tremendous lead-sharing process going on between the businesses across the balance of our diagnostic platform, more enhancing our feet on the street in high-growth markets, specifically in China. I’ve talked about that in a couple of our past conversations. And so we think the opportunities for using the tools of DBS commercially terming driving higher market visibility, leveraging the commercial reach and capabilities of the balance of the diagnostic platform, all set us up very well for continuing good performance at Cepheid. So we couldn’t be happier about the performance both in terms of core growth, operating margin and free cash flow at Cepheid thus far.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: I wouldn’t say we see anything in the regulatory environment that would create any undue uncertainty or create any hesitations. We talked earlier today about the capabilities we have with the tremendous free cash flow and the strength of our balance sheet. I think we’re extremely well positioned to put that balance sheet to work during the balance of this year and certainly into next year.
Thomas Patrick Joyce: Thanks. You are asking about the omni product line, which we, the prior management team, put in play from our R&D perspective before we acquired the business. We got a chance to get inside the omni product launch opportunity in a great depth. We think that’s an exceptional product with tremendous opportunities. We challenged the team to really make sure that they had done the type of diligence on the technology as well as the commercial side of launching that product. We did that partly through due diligence and then certainly through the strategic plans and the product roadmap reviews that we’ve had. That product is, we’re confident we can launch that product in the first half of next year. I think that product has any exceptional opportunity to drive point-of-care position and an exceptional level of assay capability that will truly revolutionize the point-of-care market. So we feel very good about omni, and we feel good about the launch schedule that we’ve established.
Daniel L. Comas: Tycho, it’s very, very modest. We’re talking 20 basis points. And we were flat in pricing in dental. In the first quarter, we were just down ever so slightly. A little bit of that is mix. Given consumables, where we tend to get more pricing, was so weak in the second quarter, I don’t think there is any meaningful change in pricing in dental.
Daniel L. Comas: Sure. You bet, Derik. So let’s start with the Dx operating margins. The – what we put up is negative 25 basis points. If you look at the FX impact on that, which in the case of a diagnostics is probably one of the more notable impacts of FX in the quarter, net of FX diagnostics actually put a positive 50 basis points.
Daniel L. Comas: Operating margin. So, underlying operating margin -- and that is, if you look at the improvement from the first quarter, that’s where my comments earlier represent a 400 basis point improvement over our operating margin performance in the first quarter, so good trajectory and good underlying performance. So, we feel pretty good about what’s going on there. Turning to Cepheid. You’re right. We put up some pretty significant double-digit growth rates there at Cepheid so far through the first half of this year, and those are higher growth rates than what we’ve seen historically. Derik, that’s largely a function of some fairly large orders that we had both in the first and the second quarter, largely associated, but not exclusively, but largely associated with the high-growth markets. We continue to believe that Cepheid on a go-forward basis is a solid 10% kind of growth business. So we love the fact that we are putting up the numbers we are, and we continue to go aggressively towards large tender wins. But obviously those are a little less predictable and -- but we feel very comfortable with a sustained 10% flat double-digit growth rate going forward. Utilization remains quite good. We track utilization sort of account by account. So I think the underlying performance of the business both in terms of placements in the developed markets as well as utilization across the breath of the menu remains consistent and in some cases actually improving through some growth initiatives that the team is putting forward.
Daniel L. Comas: Dough, so what we are talking about is an acceleration to 3% ballpark, a 3% core growth in the third quarter and better than that here in the fourth quarter. Tom talked about the underpinnings about better order growth. We did have the unusual dynamic in the second quarter that core order growth was better than shipment growth in every one of our four reporting segments, and that’s part of the encouragement we have kind of going into Q3 and the second half year. A high-level perspective, if we look at the second half, we expect three of the four platforms, excluding Dental, to accelerate here from where we are in the second quarter. Dental we expect versus relatively flat in the first quarter, we have a pretty conservative assumption here around dental here for the balance of the year, given the comments that Tom already made.
Daniel L. Comas: I think I kind of give you numbers in the total company Q3, Q4. We tend to give directional numbers around the segment. And clearly dental, dental is a lower number here than we were thinking in April. Again, I said that some of the other businesses are performing a little -- expectations were a little better than we thought here in April on the heels of what we’ve seen in terms of order growth and -- better performance around margins is evidenced in the second quarter. 
Daniel L. Comas: Sure. I mean, we would be -- when we talk larger deal, it’s a -- we view Cepheid, a $4 billion deal, is a larger-type deal.
Daniel L. Comas: Yeah, I mean that’s about a year or a little bit more a year of free cash flow, plus the earnings you bring on from the acquisitions.
Daniel L. Comas: And, Steve, just on the other questions, we expect our tax rate to remain about 20.5% for the balance of the year. We do expect our cash tax payments to be down materially versus prior year. We had exceptionally high cash taxes last year somewhat related to separation. Because of that and because of our strong year-to-date free cash flow, I know we have talked in April about a sort of an expectation of high single-digit growth for free cash flow, we now expect double-digit growth of free cash flow for the full year. Regarding Easter timings, we did hear a little bit of noise, more European businesses, that are having some modest impact to them in the second quarter, but I’m not sure we want to go more than that.
Daniel L. Comas: It was about a $10-plus million project both in Q1 and in Q2, and that’s we will not have that comparison here in the third and fourth quarter.
