Tom Joyce: Sure. Scott, we are very, very pleased with the performance of the team, both the Danaher team that has joined the team at Pall as well as the legacy Pall associates. The combination of those two teams has gotten the business off to a tremendous start in the first year. DBS has played a huge role in the progress that we have made there. As you might recall, that team had sort of begun the journey before we arrived on the scene, but the combination of the Danaher team that’s gone in and the Pall team have really accelerated the pace of progress. There have been over 350 kaizens that have been completed both on operational side as well as on the commercial side. We have seen the tremendous lift in core operating margins in that business. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we are now seeing investment in some of the sales and marketing and the new product areas start to make a real difference in terms of getting new products, not only launched, but commercialized on time and effectively. So, we are off to a good start. You know we took the improvements from a cost standpoint up from $60 million in the first year to $100 million. So, we are a little bit ahead of schedule in that respect. And I think, obviously, that lifts the returns here in the near term. Relative to where we will end up on a 4-year, 5-year basis and beyond, I think again we are off to a very good start. I think we have a lot of opportunity to lift those returns, but it’s still early days and there is a lot of hard work to be done in the months and quarters and years ahead, but a great start.
Tom Joyce: Yes. Well, first of all, I think we have seen – while not the beginnings of growth on the industrial side, I think we haven’t seen – we have not seen another leg down. In other words, we have seen some stability. The industrial side was still down mid single-digits in the quarter, while the Life Science side was up mid single-digits. And so as those businesses begin to improve both from the standpoint of our execution and DBS is playing a role there from a new product execution standpoint and a commercialization perspective. When those improvements kick in and we get some lift from the macro, I think the big benefit you are going to see is in terms of the core growth of that business and the read through on an operating margin basis from that core growth. I don’t know that it necessarily changes a trajectory from a cost-out perspective. We are working on the cost structures, both on the life science side and on the industrial side as well as across the horizontal components of G&A. So, I think the real lift comes when we start to see that core growth turn positive and we start to see the read through from that growth.
Tom Joyce: Yes, I wouldn’t describe it as conservative, Steve. I do think though there is a number of considerations that go into how we look at the fourth quarter. I think it starts with how pleased we are with the performance to this point in the third quarter, with all four segments driving at least 3% core growth. And I think now with a portfolio where greater than 60% of the revenues are in the aftermarket and where there is some stability in these markets, but not necessarily anything positive to write home about macro-economically, I think there is cause for some degree of caution in the outlook. You are reading same macroeconomic news that everybody else is and certainly that we are. There is a number of sources of uncertainty in the market today whether that’s the election uncertainty in the U.S., the Brexit uncertainty throughout Europe, the questions around turns in some of the high growth markets or previously known as high growth markets as I sometimes say around places like Latin America, the Middle East, Russia and particularly those markets with a good deal of commodity exposure and certainly those with a high degree of industrial exposure. So, it’s hard not to be appropriately concerned with some of that sources of uncertainty. But that being said we think we have got an incredibly resilient portfolio right now again underpinned by that level of aftermarket position and a portfolio we think that will continue to perform well despite those uncertainties.
Tom Joyce: Well, first of all, we have still got plenty of work to do left here in 2016 before we get into 2017. And we will be going through a process here in the fourth quarter around budgets and be in a much better position to give you some specifics when we are together in December. But if you really stand back and you look at us today, I just mentioned the strength of the portfolio and the repositioning and the level of aftermarket that gives us a strong foundation, but I think we are encouraged about the continued improvement and performance at Pall with the addition of Cepheid and Phenomenex coming into the Life Sciences and Diagnostics portfolio and continuing to help us from a growth rate standpoint as well as from an operating margin lift and then as we mentioned before, we think there is plenty of opportunity for continued improvement in growth in our diagnostics business, in our life science, in number of our life science business as well as in dental. So clearly we could use a little bit of macroeconomic headwind but I think there is – excuse me tailwind but I think we have plenty of opportunities to play offense and make our own way in a good deal of the portfolio.
Tom Joyce: Sure, sure. Well I think the brightest spot that we’ve seen in the municipal world around water. Our municipal water business has been a Trojan where we have seen good performance this year, where we have seen double digit growth. In the last quarter, we’ve seen increasing win rates and a reasonable lift in bidding activity. But I wouldn’t say that that bidding activity necessarily suggests that that double digit growth rate is a sustainable one. This is more of a probably a mid single digit type of market. But we have been very encouraged by the performance at Trojan, their competitiveness I think has read through in terms of their win rates and so we are in a reasonable market right now. I think we are winning share. So I think that’s encouraging from an equipment and an infrastructure perspective and we are seeing that globally. I think there is a different side of the story though which is on the municipal business in North America the day-to-day consumables business is not showing the kind of strength that I just represented at Trojan. We are seeing low single digit growth in that market right now still a very good market and that continues to be gaining share there but not nearly at the rate that we are seeing some of the infrastructure build out in certain markets.
Tom Joyce: Well, Phenomenex is a great franchise and it is a – virtually a 100% consumables business with great gross margins, gross margins in the 70% neighborhood and mid-20s operating margins but still with opportunities for improvement be it DBS and we are thrilled to be able to acquire this asset. We’ve admired that business for a long time. We were able to acquire it at an attractive valuation and I think for those you’ve asked us about return thresholds in the past, this is clearly a business that we believe we will achieve double digit return on invested capital in less than 5 years and so and that obviously for us is very typical for a large bolt-on or a midsize adjacency deal and really opens up a number of other possibilities. Jeff, this is a business to your point about install base versus consumables where Phenomenex has become the leader they are largely because they actually are equipment agnostic and they focus on specific applications and workflows that address unique customer problems and therefore create unique customer value. We’ve had a partnership with Phenomenex at SCIEX for a number of years and it has been a very successful one but as some of you may recall we are also consumable agnostic in the sense of chromatography columns at SCIEX and so what this allows us to do essentially is bring a greater variety, a broader set of solutions to our customers without necessarily having to have those consumables be captive by that install base. Obviously that can be very attractive strategically when you have it but in the particular case of the life science world being able to customize solutions or these unique applications customer challenge is a real competitive advantage.
Tom Joyce: It really doesn’t, Jeff. Again, we have excellent relationships with other partners in the consumables world in life sciences. We had sourced from multiple, I shouldn’t even say sourced, we had – we customized solutions for customers across a number of different consumable suppliers for a long period of time and we expect to maintain those relationships then continue to be focused on what are the specific needs of the customer, the customers today and how do we serve them best.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Good morning, Tycho. You know we certainly participate in the academic market in our life science businesses but it’s – we don’t have enormous direct exposure to NIH. If you really looked at the direct exposure across a number of our businesses, we are probably in the $150 million or less with direct exposure to NIH funding. Now there is more than that in terms of indirect funding but I would say that funding issue that you mentioned clearly has had an impact on a broad basis when you talk about a variety of things that are indirectly funded or go through a number of different stages before they ultimately get to a supplier like us. We have seen weakness in that market. We have not seen any particular cause for optimism in the academic market particularly in the U.S. Europe has hung in there in pockets. Japan is weak and certainly continues to be that way. So it’s not an area of strength right now and clearly the NIH funding issues have not been net particularly helpful.
Tom Joyce: We absolutely believe that we can do that, Tycho. We have made terrific progress thus far. We have seen improvement certainly in our clinical chemistry and our immunoassay business. Our urinalysis business continues to perform very, very well. That business is up double-digits in the third quarter. And I think with the addition of Cepheid in a broader position in molecular diagnostics, particularly with the potential growth that’s available in – at the point of care and potentially ultimately in the physician office lab, we do believe that both the core legacy business of Beckman will improve its growth trajectory over time. With the addition of those higher growth segments that we have acquired will be accretive to that growth profile.
Tom Joyce: The life Science businesses overall was up mid single-digits on the quarter and the single use business continues to grow straight at a double-digit rate. And so we continue to see good and consistent performance on the biopharma side.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Thanks Ross. Good morning. We are pleased with how the Dental business, the segment performed in the quarter, up 3%. And there was clearly some better execution on our side in a number of different areas and you have heard us speak in the past about some of the changes that we have made both organizationally and operationally. We have realigned our investments into some key areas from a new product perspective and we are seeing the benefits there. Relative to the specific portions of the business that you mentioned, we are seeing strength in our equipment business, up mid single-digits and yes, the consumable business, up more like low single-digits. And really, I think that have to do with a couple of different factors. We are executing well in the equipment side. We have new product initiatives that are making a difference there. And overall, I think we are well positioned from a portfolio perspective. You have heard the narrative from a number of different folks in the market around some softness during the course of July and August. I think we as the quarter came to a close in September we started to certainly see some of that play through. And I think absolutely varies by geography as well. I mentioned double-digit growth in places like China and India, but the U.S. much lower and certainly we are seeing some softness in Europe as well as Latin America and the Middle East. So definitely it’s a tale of two cities. U.S. also about the equipment, the implant side, Nobel continues to perform very well. They have got a number of new products in the market right now, which are helping in that growth rate. And they are executing well just on a commercial basis day in and day out. And some of that obviously has been a function of the implementation of DBS on the cost side where we have been able to reallocate some of those funds into investments in sales and marketing as well as in R&D. Particularly in the third quarter, we made some significant investments in sales and marketing. And I think will pay off – that we will continue to pay off at Nobel with even improving growth rates.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Ross, we have gotten quite a bit done here in the last couple of years with the separation that took place with Fortive and getting Fortive off to a great start, but then making some very important and strategic acquisitions to shore up really what were three of the most important strategic needs or opportunities that we had. Nobel, on the implant and consumable side, as you mentioned Pall, to enhance our Life Sciences, specifically biopharmaceutical production position and then Cepheid, to improve our position relative to molecular diagnostics. We have had a focus strategically on the consumable side of Life Science and Phenomenex to use your term, a crown jewel in the consumable side of Life Science. So I think we feel very good about where we are right now. I wouldn’t trade our portfolio, the four segments that we have today of Diagnostics, Life Science, Dental and Environmental and Applied Solutions for any portfolio in the market. And I think the game plan in the years ahead, as it has been in the past, is continued to deploy our free cash flow strategically with a strong bias towards M&A into these highly attractive segments. And I think the game plan, at least in the near-term here, given the current position of the balance sheet and all that we have to do operationally with these acquisitions is to focus on probably small or midsize bolt-ons that are strategically important to our position, that hopefully will, as these have done, will be accretive to our growth rates and improve our growth trajectories. And hopefully, that would be the case certainly on the margin side, if not initially, certainly over time. So I think that’s the game going forward and it’s been the plan over the last couple of years.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Thanks for that question. I think we have – as we look at the high growth markets today, I am not sure we would necessarily say that there was much of a change recently in those markets, we have continued to see strength in China across a number of our businesses, if not all, business in China is up high single-digits. Real strength in Life Science, in Dental, in Diagnostics, some softness in the market and VideoJet, those are businesses where that softness largely comes from equipment than more industrially oriented end markets. And you have heard me mention a number of times, the strength that we have seen in India, which has been very consistent level strength over the last couple of years. And with those two markets being what they are, both the scale of those markets, the inherent growth rates in those markets and the strength of our positions, those are really where a great deal of our investments are going. We are largely doubling down in the markets where we have the greatest opportunities for growth in the near-term. We – what improvement we have seen and it’s been very modest in places like Latin America, Brazil specifically and Russia are really more about easier comps than materially improved market conditions. And the Middle East continues to be weak. And so while we have sustained our positions there in terms of our feet on the street and our investments in commercializing new products in those markets, those have not been markets where we are significantly accelerating our investments today. Instead, the biggest incremental investments are going into those markets where we are seeing continued strength.
Tom Joyce: Well, we are certainly seeing continued improvement in the margin performance at Beckman Diagnostics. Across our Diagnostics portfolio, you have Radiometer, Leica Biosystems, both businesses we have owned for a number of years and have made tremendous progress in enhancing their operating margins. Beckman, obviously a more recent acquisition, but still 5 years ago, we have seen great lift in those operating margins to this point. But as I mentioned, Beckman represents a large business. It still has quite a bit of headroom for margin improvement. And so we have seen at this point, but we think there is more runway ahead.
Tom Joyce: Derik thanks. I don’t know that we have a lot more to offer. During due diligence, we were able to spend a good deal of time with the team and understand the roadmap that they have laid out for gross margin. You have heard a lot of that from the business in terms of the opportunities around improving the cost structure of the cartridge. We think those are – that’s very credible. We think they got solid roadmap for executing on those improvements. And obviously, once we have closed the transaction, we can engage directly with them, we will be bringing the tools of the Danaher Business System that we have used successfully in a number of other businesses to improve gross margins. You just heard Dan commented what we have done at Beckman and we will obviously bring that to bear at Cepheid and I think you will see those improvements come through.
Tom Joyce: Yes. Much more in terms of delays, event cancellations, we tend to see both at the tendering level as well as at the purchase order level folks hanging back in certain cases, it’s because budgets haven’t been fully approved yet. In other cases, they are just trying to get paperwork through approvals. And normally, that’s a circumstance where because of some levels of austerity folks are just slowing things down.
Tom Joyce: Well, clearly, there is some cause for concern or caution around that given some of the narrative that we heard from the channel during the course of the quarter. We saw some of that in the month of September come through in terms of the order rates on the consumable side. So, I think we feel pretty good about continuing to improve our own execution, particularly on the equipment side, also at Nobel. But I think on the consumables side, we will need to make sure that we are seeing some improvement in the sellout either from a programmatic perspective or just from an overall macroeconomic perspective.
Dan Comas: And Steve, just to add a few things, one, on a year-to-date basis pause up mid single-digit that’s not been in the core number, as Tom alluded to that’s with no benefit from the industrial side of pause. So even if industrial stabilizes a little bit pause should be a net contributor added to our core growth next year. Our industrial instrumentation business ad hoc has been weak. Our experience that tends to not last very long, I think that would be, we would expect sort of better numbers ad hoc here in the fourth quarter going into next year, so even those two items even before Sepi [ph] had come in, again Sepi [ph] won’t impact our reported core number but will help our pro forma core number in 2017 as well.
Dan Comas: And Tycho, I would add that we probably saw a little bit more of a bifurcation life science in the quarter meaning that biopharma remain very strong, traditional farm, food and environmental remain solid consistent what we saw in the first half but we did see both academic and sort of industrial markets particularly at Leica weaken in the third quarter.
Dan Comas: Yes, Doug, it’s Dan. We did benefit in Q3 with a slightly easier comp despite having said that, again, it was a very strong quarter of core margin expansion. What we are seeing is continued increase in the gross margin side, continued leverage on the G&A side while we are also stepping up R&D and sales and marketing. So, we are seeing the mix you would like to see from a margin perspective where we are getting the expansion, where we are taking part of that and putting that into more growth investments.
Dan Comas: Well, we don’t give quite that level of detail, but we did talk about continued double-digit kind of mid-teens growth in India, high single-digit growth in China. Both the U.S. and Western Europe were up low single-digit. That’s been pretty consistent. I would add as a footnote probably seeing some incremental signs of weakness in Western Europe where our overall numbers in Q3 were pretty comparable to what we had in the first half. Tom alluded to the academic comment seeing a little bit of that industrial weakness in places like Hach, not a big change, but probably on the margin the tone is a little bit cautious in Western Europe. And Japan, we continue to be down low to mid single-digits.
Dan Comas: Yes, Nigel. On Diagnostics first, seasonally, Q3 tends to be a little lighter, so that play out again this year, there was big improvement versus Q3 a year ago and we do expect a nice, seasonal pickup in Q4, I would expect margins above where they were a year ago Q4, which was north of 18%. Regarding restructuring, we continue to take actions throughout the year. We don’t really kind of call those out. I would expect our overall restructuring spend to be in the same ballpark as last year, again probably a little bit more evenly distributed through the year.
