H. Culp: I think as the quarter played out, it was solid all the way through. We saw double-digit comps year-on-year up, and that was encouraging to see. Obviously in June, we finished strong. If we did a little bit better in some places than others than we had anticipated, certainly, in Professional Instrumentation, we saw both TEK and Fluke do well. TEK clearly leading the way there, had just a very strong, very strong quarter, and I would also point out in Industrial Tech, what we saw both at Product Identification and frankly, Motion was a bit better than expected and very solid through the course of the quarter. I think that as we mentioned, we are very encouraged with what we've seen at cable, both from a top line and bottom line performance. But if you just look at top line performance in the second quarter, they were particularly strong through the quarter. I think, in the prepared remarks, we mentioned the imaging products, particularly 3D and intra-oral, I think we're seeing docs come back in the market investing in technology, investing in their practices and given the line up there that we have, both here and frankly, Europe, we couldn't be better positioned to take advantage of some of that additional investment on their part.
H. Culp: Bob, as you well know, we tend not to comment on rumors, printed or otherwise, and I think we're going to stay to that. But you're asking about our A&D businesses, those are very good businesses for us. As you know, they've been strong contributors really ever since we began to put that group together a decade ago. I think we're seeing an uptick in their performance as well, particularly at Pak side here of late. So I think they're in position to have an improved second half, and we're looking forward to that performance.
H. Culp: Well, I think if you're asking, Steve, specifically about the destocking that we have seen in dental, particularly at dental consumables, which is where the channel inventory topic I think is more relevant. I think what we've seen through the first six months, and this is not something that has happened to us, we've been working this with our channel partners, is we've been trying to be smarter about where our inventories are. We do that every time we work with distributor partners, and while we do that, we're trying to make sure we drive sell-through with them very effectively. So as I mentioned, when we look at Sybron, clearly, we would have liked to turn in a better number. I think what I focused on through the quarter was the sell-through, which was particularly good on the specialty side, particularly in ortho. The consumables sell-through was positive, but we were taking inventory down. So that hit us in the second quarter. That will moderate but continue in the third quarter. I think by the fourth quarter, Steve, you'll hear us talking about consumable Sybron at large being back to more normal growth rates, in part because the destocking will have run its course, but also in part, frankly, with how we're ramping on some of the new products. Stain and clear for example, really, is just turning onto the next phase of its ramp here in 2010. So I think we're well positioned, really, nothing there that is unexpected or of concern to me at this point.
H. Culp: Steve, we really don't think that we've seen any positive effect in our Water business from any federal stimulus, either here in the U.S. or frankly, throughout Asia. By the same token, we haven't really seen any negative impact from any of the austerity concerns in Europe. That business has demonstrated a level of stability and predictability that we've come to count on and thus far, no benefit and no negative impact.
H. Culp: Well, Steve, I think we're always in restructuring mode. Obviously, given the activity that we initiated in 2008 and pushed through hard in 2009, we got a lot accomplished. I think you'll see the benefit of that in our year-over-year and incremental margins here. But we continue to do some things, and I think as we look at the second half, there's some larger projects as well that are certainly under review. But again, in the spirit of Kaizen, we're always doing that whether we are talking about it in the way that we did last year. Obviously, we don't want to be in that position with frequency. But don't, for a moment, think that we're ever done in that regard.
H. Culp: Jeff, I didn't mean to be unclear on that point. I think Sybron, in a typical period, is going to be a mid-single digit grower with obviously a lot of our efforts around new products, around international expansion aimed at lifting that number. But we're not talking about that moderation in the third and return to normal growth in the fourth. I'm really suggesting we should be back at least in the mid-single digit range by year end.
H. Culp: Sure. Well, I think when we look at the full year, at this point, we really think we're going to be at a high single digit level in terms of core. What that probably means, Jeff, by quarter, in the third, I suspect we're up high singles, we could hit 10% but I'd band it like that. I think as we look at the third, it will play out by and large, not unlike the second quarter. I think we'll see T&M, I think, lead the way here again. I think Motion and PID and Industrial Tech should be up low to mid-teen. Environmental should be solid as well, probably up mid-singles, and I think Med Tech, in part because of that moderation I referred to a moment ago, should be up mid-single digits. Obviously, the comps get a little tougher as we go through the second half. I think in the fourth quarter, I probably would call it mid-singles at this point. We're not seeing any of the negative headline or some of the market in our order books, in our conversations with customers just yet. But I think everybody's probably a little cautious the further out we get. But right now, call it high singles for the year with the quarters breaking out like that.
H. Culp: Jeff, just to be clear, I think the acquisition that you're referencing, the IRIS Power acquisition, is really within our Sensors and Controls group, one of our niche businesses. Probably the best business we have there is our Power Quality business, Qualitrol. And from time to time, Qualitrol has actually been a silent but savvy acquirer building out on their instrumentation position, primarily, in T&D. And IRIS gives them some online and online capability, which is quite synergistic with what they're doing, so no real change there. From time to time, we do some things with them and we get nice bumps and growth, and frankly, very nice returns. With respect to your question about Motion, as we've talked before, that's a very strong business. I think Dan and the group have done an excellent job driving margin expansion. You see that again here in the second quarter. I think we really are seeing the fruits of the teams' investments and their labors here the last couple of years, and being just more effective in driving design wins, and in turn, share gains, particularly as the market picks up here. So both at Kollmorgen and Thomson, we're very pleased with that performance and continue to, I think, have high expectations for those businesses going forward.
H. Culp: Well, I think as we get the new 5600 out, when we've launched that product, Jeff, we have not shipped it yet. We'll begin shipments later this year. We would expect to see SCIEX up here for the year in the mid-single digit range. So all in all, I think we're pretty much where we thought we would be at SCIEX. It's an important launch for us. We're ready to get that product out. Customer evals are underway and knock wood here, the feedback continues to be net positive.
H. Culp: John, maybe I can take that. I see that opportunity, not headwind. And I think what we try to do with the updated guidance here is obviously suggest, as I referenced in my response to Jeff's question, we'll see a moderation in our core growth in large part because of the comps. We think that still gives us plenty of opportunity to increase our growth investments, increase them versus what we had budgeted, increase, frankly, versus what we had done in terms of taking those numbers up earlier in the year. I think you'll see part of that in the moderation of the incremental margins through the second half. We'll still be up, call it 35%, 40% year-on-year as that restructuring and that volume course through the P&L. But we're going to take every opportunity to continue to step up, where we see good potential, both in technology and innovation and on the go-to-market side to drive growth for '11 and '12 because we're going to be here. And I think that it's just the way we're going to manage the business.
H. Culp: Steve, I think that with respect to the second quarter, I was actually very pleased with the margin performance in Med Tech. Let me just break that down, so we're all on the same page. On a core basis, if we start there, we were up 100 basis points in the second quarter, just as we were in the first quarter. And as I mentioned, I mean, cable was, I think, quite strong. They were up 300 basis points year-over-year. And as we look at the second half, again, on a core basis, we think we drive better operating margin expansion through the second half. And I just think that's the execution and the volume coming together to drive that. Now obviously on the print, what you get is the M&A impact and keep in mind, it's not the M&A impact just from SCIEX and molecular devices. We've also had two bolt-ons in that space with Genetix and Exogen, which come in. You've got the non-cash acquisition charges diluting that margin. Clearly, there's been some restructuring activity in there as well, headcount reductions and the like. And third, I'd just call out the one-time transition expenses at SCIEX. You'll recall this is a fairly complicated decoupling from two parents, so you've got IT systems that are being transitioned. You've got other one-time expenses, like leases that are being broken to stitch this business together to create the growth powerhouse that we think SCIEX can be. I think as we look out, which I think is important to your question, in the third quarter, I think you'll see us up sequentially, probably somewhere in the order of 250 basis points or more. So that should take the out margin up to the 10%, 10.5% plus range. I think you'll see incremental sequential performance improvement in the fourth quarter. On top of that, probably the same tune, we'll call it 250 bps plus, which I think puts us at a position at the end of the year where those businesses are back to a trajectory, very much in line with expectation. And I say that just back to prior conversation, all the while, I suspect we will sequentially be stepping up some of our growth investments all the while. So hopefully, that provides a little bit of clarity, but again, I think from the execution level, very strong second quarter, and I think a good outlook here in the second half for Med Tech.
H. Culp: Well, I think that for several years now, we've seen labor input inflation in China as we have on other emerging markets. We obviously have our biggest manufacturing and R&D footprint in China, so that's where it's been most relevant. I think we've just been able to manage through it. We're not, I think, ignorant or otherwise discounting what's in the papers recently, but that really has not had a material effect on our cost structure. And we don't anticipate it materially changing, the same going forward. In terms of our investment level, again, I think if we execute well with the core growth and the margin fall through, we're looking to put as many feet on the street in the emerging markets in terms of sales marketing service headcount as we possibly can. And that's not only in China, but really across the globe. And in turn, make sure that we have an appropriately local R&D and manufacturing capabilities to support those efforts. For us, it's been most pronounced in China, but not exclusively. And as you saw last year, there was some inorganic investments in Brazil and India, let alone, what we did organically. Those footprints are becoming much more global than they were, say, three or four years ago.
H. Culp: Well, I would characterize it, and again in broader terms, as being in the middle of that cycle because video is, but one, driver of bandwidth consumption. And those drivers in aggregate have been obviously pressuring networks, and that's really created demand for our products at TEK Comm. More video can only help.
H. Culp: Julian, with respect to China, as you'll recall, we really saw China begin to recover last year in the second half, so the comps do get a bit tougher there. We were with the team Monday night. I mean, by and large, the team is very optimistic about the tone and the outlook here in the short-term. So I think what we've tried to capture in our guidance is a bit of a moderation in emerging market growth. We'll probably be somewhere in the low to mid-teens range. I think, in part, because of those comps, but China, by and large to us right now, still looks really good. Maybe the numbers won't print as big as they did, but the strength there seems to be steady, very, very steady.
H. Culp: Well certainly, I think the facts that you pointed out there, Rick, are spot on. I think that as we look at what we saw in the second quarter, we were obviously up at a very healthy level, in part, because of the comps. We look at the third quarter, looked at the second half. I think we're going to be up mid-teens. Again, it will be moderating as the year goes on because the comps get less easy. Some of that is a market bounce back, but as we alluded to earlier, I think this team is really executing well. That's hard to pinpoint a share point here, share point there at this point in the cycle, but I think at Kollmorgen and at Thomson, they are executing better. Our new motors and drives out at Kollmorgen, particularly, have been well received. When we go into the growth greenhouse down there with the team, the leading indicators look positive. We work to limit some of our more volatile exposure and, to say, some of the tech end markets, but that's a work in process. So I would just maybe summarize by saying, clearly, Motion's going to be a little bit more cyclical and volatile than the rest of the portfolio. We saw that last year. They're bouncing back well. I don't think that is only a function of the market. I do think they are executing quite well.
H. Culp: Rick, it really depends on where you sit, and as you know, I sit on a European Pharma board and I understand that European reimbursement dynamic quite well. Their focal point, that's a harsh reality in their business. We haven't seen it as much, you can't discount anything, I think, these days in that regard. But frankly, that sort of pressure in our businesses is, at present, not a high-priority concern for me.
H. Culp: I think with respect to just quantity and quality of activity, as Dan alluded to earlier, it's been steady and good, so I don't think we've seen a change there. I think what we saw here in the last six months is probably an uptick in the quality and in turn, the expectation's clearly, I think, one of the good things that's happened here, with the first half being as robust as it has broadly, is that certain targets are growing into some of those expectations, which has to be good. We look at a lot of things, not only in gross margin. As you say, I think our bias toward our strong branded positions often correlates well with higher gross margins. And gosh, we're just 50 bps away from printing own 50% gross margin here. And that's pretty neat given where we were 20 years ago when I joined the company. Our appetite for new platforms, I think that happens once every several years. Again, I think that's always going to be in balance for us as long as we execute well and the ones we bring in. But by and large, I think with the opportunities we have in Med Tech, both in our Life Sciences & Diagnostics, Dental, everything happening, Instrumentation, be it Environmental, be it T&M, certainly, we'd love to see product ID bigger. We've got plenty of running room in and around those businesses to deploy capital smartly, but we would never say never relative to that next platform. It will come, it's just not something I should expect happening in the near term here. And we'd be fine with that.
H. Culp: Well, we compete with lots of different folks, but I think by and large, the competition we compete with will often be strategic, more so than financial sponsors. In the multiples, it have maybe come down a bit because businesses are growing into certain expectation. But I think by and large, it's been fairly steady through the course of 2010 so far.
H. Culp: Maybe offline, Matt could do a -- he can get you some numbers, Wendy. I'd be hard pressed here on the call to discern how much of our margin expansion over time would be a function of just great DBS execution, the restructuring, say from last year. Obviously, the improvements in the overall quality of the portfolio types of businesses that we have been bringing in are also a part of that equation. I don't think we have a goal. I'd love to print a few quarters here with our gross margin having a five on it, but there will be other businesses that we'll bring in. I'm sure that we'll dilute that gross margin for a period of time as we work to improve their performance and in turn, create returns for shareholders. So we're not wed to any one number on the P&L, but it seems to be closer to 50 there than 30 for sure.
Daniel Comas: And, Steve, we don't try to calculate how much of the 14% was share gain. Larry and I were out with most of our businesses this past quarter, and we're pretty confident that both Hach Lange and ChemTreat continue to take share. That's also true of Radiometer. I would add both Kollmorgen and Thomson to that and that may be a more recent phenomenon in the last six months. I'm very pleased with how they're doing, and based on the numbers they have in their comps, we believe we're taking some share as well. Double-digit number at cable, I think these new products are helping us. We may be back in position to taking share there as well, but we don't try to calculate how much of the 14% was share gain.
Daniel Comas: John, I don't know the exact number of Southern Europe, but it's a small percentage of our European business. It's obviously a small percentage of the overall European economy, and we're particularly heavy in the north. We really haven't seen a lot across the businesses. Europe remained strong throughout the quarter. We actually had very strong June throughout Europe. We're watching it carefully, but we are not seeing much.
Daniel Comas: We're clearly having supply chain issues across a number of our businesses, not just Med Tech. Anything with an electrical component, electronic component, whether it's PID or Gilbarco or Test & Measurement, it hasn't turned out to be a big issue within a quarter, and maybe with month-to-month, we've had some challenges. But we've been able to manage it, at least, on a quarterly basis, but we're clearly having to buy ahead a little bit more, wait in line for some products. So I don't think it's any worse in the last six months ago, but it continues to be a, probably, our biggest kind of operating challenge right now.
Daniel Comas: Whole [ph] ramps. If you look at our, kind of -- maybe the best way to think about the fall through, which was about almost 50% in the first quarter, it was slightly over 40% in the second quarter. And this is stripping out acquisitions and FX. And we think it'll be in the 35% to 40% range in the back half, so maybe closer to 40% in the third quarter, and maybe closer to 35% in the fourth quarter.
Daniel Comas: Steve, there's still a lot out there to look at. A lot of discussions going on. The volatility in recent months has probably helped on the margin. I think the concern about higher tax rates in 2011 is helping as well, so we're looking at it a lot right now.
Daniel Comas: Nigel, they were positive, but not meaningfully so. As Larry pointed out, there's a lot of restructuring going on, which we're not calling out separately. There's a fair amount of, kind of, one-time transition expense, which will continue through the balance of the year at SCIEX, but we took a big chunk of that in the second quarter. So this step-up of 250-plus basis points in Q3 and another 250 in Q4 reflects both operational improvement in those businesses, as well as, kind of, much incrementally less restructuring and one-time transition expense.
Daniel Comas: Maybe starting on the Tools piece, the $0.04 of dilution that we expect in the second half in our guidance, should be roughly $0.02 a quarter. It is a combination of the non-cash charges, a big piece of which is the inventory step-up, which impacts, primarily Q3. But in addition, we're pretty happy with the way the teams come together here, and we're going to let them go after some activities and cost reduction activities in the second half. And that's reflected in that dilution number as well. In terms of sequentially, if you look historically, stripping out acquisitions and FX and now stripping out DTG, revenues tend to be flat to slightly down Q2 to Q3. We're looking at that same dynamic here, so no change from previous years. Obviously, it got stronger sequentially in Q3 '09, but if you look back, '06 to '08 tends to be relatively flat. You layer in the dilution from the JV, as well as, kind of, the step up in the incremental step up in growth investment, kind of gets you to a relatively flat to slightly.
Daniel Comas: Well I think that, if I answer it on, kind of, an all-out basis, including video as well as the other data drivers that are there, I think by and large, what we've seen is that the mobile carriers that we serve principally through TEK Comm, continue to wrestle with bandwidth constraints. Obviously, the iPhone, probably the best publicized story. The more of those that Apple sells, the more COGS some of the networks become. And that's good for us because we help clear those network problem. I think video, clearly, is a high bandwidth-consumption driver and more of this video IP that we see be in YouTube or otherwise, it's all good for us at TEK Comm. I think here in the short term, what we try to allude to in our prepared remarks, is that some of this business can be a little bit bumpy just because of installation and turn-on schedules. But these are amongst the most pressing problems our mobile carriers have right now. We're fortunate to be in there working with some of the best trying to solve them.
Daniel Comas: Julian, on the price side, we track about a half point of price through the first half. It seems to be getting a little bit better, and we're looking for that to improve a little bit in the second half, and maybe we'll get about a point of price in the second half. Clearly, the better volume demand is giving us a little bit more latitude on price, and hopefully, we'll see some of that in the second half.
Daniel Comas: Rick, I think that we are very fortunate to have the strategic and the financial degrees of freedom that we have here, in large part because of our track record and the very strong cash generation that you've seen us put up over time. I think that, obviously, we're not going to comment on some of the rumors that are out there, but suffice it to say, I think the acquisition playbook, the way we think about attractive markets, the way we think about entry points into those markets are preference for bolt-ons as opposed to new platforms, but our success with new platforms is unchanged. And as we look forward relative to how we spend that next $2 billion, next 10, next 20 deals, I would really encourage folks to look back at the last $2 billion, the last 10 or 20 transactions as the best indicator as to the type of businesses we're likely to acquire and the way in which we're likely to bring them into Danaher.
