Rainer Blair: So just to confirm, that's right. For 2022, we're guiding the base business to high single digits. And no, our assumptions as it relates to the vaccine and therapeutics business have not changed. We saw continued strength in our orders. In fact, orders exceeded our sales here in Q4, and we continued to build backlog. At the same time, we have to say that from a roughly 70% comp, we were down about mid-teens in terms of the orders growth. Nonetheless, orders still outpace sales. We built backlog and we're looking forward to roughly flat sales in the bioprocessing business for vaccine and therapeutic revenues in 2022. Now the core business, so in other words, the non-vaccine and therapeutic-related business for COVID, we expect that to continue to grow, of course, in the low double-digit area as has been the case here for many quarters.
Rainer Blair: They're right on the mark $500 million is a good number. That's kind of growth and slightly better than we expected here, closing the year off right around $400 million. So, Aldevron is right where we think we should be and performing at our expectations.
Rainer Blair: I'll start with, as you know, the situation around COVID is incredibly dynamic, right? It started with the assumptions that we made around Delta and then Delta spiked, and we thought that might become the dominant variant and then Omicron came 60 days ago, spiked. So the environment is incredibly dynamic. But in the discussions that we have both with public health officials, but also with our customers, I think there's a couple of takeaways. The first one is that we do think that COVID is going to turn endemic and a lot of public health officials will talk about the end of 2023, perhaps the beginning of '24, being that time frame when we call it endemic with greater confidence. As we look at our customer feedback and what they see happening here, that's where we're triangulating for 2022 into the 50 million test area. And as we've talked about, we see our base business in 2022 growing at high single digits and eventually having as a result of a step down from to 60 to 50 in 2022, at 200 to 300 basis point headwind there. Now as you think about that going forward beyond 2022, we think there's -- and once again, in the discussions with our customers that there's still a likelihood that there will be a large respiratory testing business, much larger than pre-pandemic in '23 and beyond. And once again, in the early days, and this could change. It's so dynamic. But we're thinking that, that probably steps down again in 2023. And our working number there for now is right around 30 million tests. So, as we think about the year 2023 and COVID testing, we see that going from 50 million in 2022 to perhaps 2023, 30 million. But that's a number that, of course, there's a lot of dynamic. There's a lot to happen between now and then, but that's sort of the planning number that we're working with. And at the same time, as you think about 2023, we see our base business, of course, the primary aspect of our total business continuing to grow off the strength of our portfolio. We've rated our growth rate and discussed that at several occasions, so we feel really good about how we're moving forward and like the setup.
Rainer Blair: Sure. So once again, just to level set, the base business includes bioprocessing for COVID vaccines and therapeutics. It's important to note that. And in fact, we see the entire base business growing both for the quarter and the full year at high single digits. And that's driven by a number of factors. One, as you just suggested, of course, the non-COVID bioprocessing business is still growing at the low double digits that we have seen here, and that continues to be strong. We also see our non-bioprocessing business, so as you think about our diagnostic businesses, as you think about our life science instruments and so forth, we see them growing very strongly on the back of the investments that we've made around innovation, additional feet on the street, and really driving the growth here. Keep in mind that portfolio transformation that we've talked about has re-rated our base business growth, and we continue to see that. We saw that here in the two-year stack in 2021, and you're seeing that here in the guide for 2022.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Well, I mean, first to the environment that we see out there, this is an environment that over our history, we have thrived in, whether you want to call that anxiety or uncertainty or even in times of dislocation. We've always viewed this as a time of opportunity for ourselves. And there's examples of that. If you think back to the financial crisis now going back some years, we acquired SCIEX at that period of time. That's turned out to be a fantastic asset. The team has done a wonderful job. Also, if you think about some of the anxiety around Cepheid or the Pall deals there, that has been -- we couldn't be more proud of how the teams have performed there and turn those businesses into really real powerhouses. And so, we sit here in this environment with a rock-solid portfolio, an outstanding team and a strong balance sheet, a great deal of optionality. And we like that set up. And so, as we think about our funnels and to your question, they continue to be adaptive as ever. They cover the gamut, whether that's public or private, and we'll continue driving our M&A strategy and our bias towards allocating capital towards M&A as we have in the past. And that will happen when that attractive end market, that first-class asset with competitive advantage meets our financial hurdles here as has always been the case. So we like where we sit, and we like the set up.
Rainer Blair: Sure. In our case, COVID has actually accelerated innovation for us. Of course, in the obvious sense in that we were able to pull forward the GeneXpert COVID-only test subsequently and very quickly thereafter the four-in-one. Those are sort of the obvious examples. But at the same time, you've noted that we increased our R&D expenditures by 30% up to $1.7 billion, which has manifested in that pulling forward innovation, accelerating it and getting those into the market. And examples were mentioned, the Triple Quad 7500, most sensitive Triple Quad in the market, the ZenoTOF outstanding. And then, of course, the GT 450 pathology slide imaging, fantastic launches here, all of which was accelerated by the pandemic, and we were able to turn that into real opportunity for us.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Well, let's start off with the why vaccine and therapeutics in the base. And that just comes from our belief of two things. One, that COVID-19 will be endemic in that there will be a continuous requirement for vaccination, and that is going to be a global requirement. We also think that new age groups will receive vaccination more broadly in the world's kids in particular. And as such, there is a strong recurring demand there, and that was discussed at some of the previous questions. But if we back up a minute here and we think about this longer term, I talked about our '22 guide here with high single-digit growth in our base business, and we talked about the 200 to 300 basis points of headwind coming from testing. As you think forward now, how does all that play out, let's say, in 2023? And once again, it's important to start with the base, which is at the center of your question, which is, okay, well, we have this rock solid portfolio that's transformed over the years, that's going to be mid-single-digit plus growth and is going to have a different earnings profile as well, as Matt just talked about. And then inside of that, of course, you do have vaccine and therapeutic revenues from COVID and that will continue. There are new therapeutics being developed and there are also a lot of additional vaccines that are still in the pipe. And then as you think about COVID testing, as I talked about, we see that stepping down towards, we'll call it, a more endemic look from 50 million tests in 2022 to 30 million tests in 2023. Now when you wrap all of that up, and of course, there's a lot of things that are still up in the air in terms of the number of spikes you might have in between 2023 really looks a lot like 2022 in terms of how we think of the base growth going forward as well as our fall through.
Rainer Blair: Sure. So we do continue to talk about the low double-digit growth rate for the non-COVID bioprocessing business. That's what we've seen for many quarters. But we also talked about the fact that our backlog continues to build there. And these announcements that you're seeing here out in the market, those are important indications of the strength of the industry and the market in and of itself. And of course, you can imagine with the breadth of our portfolio our global reach that we play, if not on all on the great majority of those kind of investments. And so could there be upside? Sure, there could be. But of course, we're looking at the order book and that's in hand and thinking about how that develops, and we'll continue to update. But for now, low double digits in the non-COVID processing business, is a good planning number.
Rainer Blair: Could you -- I'm sorry, could you repeat the second question, please? It came through a little garbled.
Rainer Blair: Understood. Well, let's start with the rate. Well, it's early days, of course, and we'll see where those go. As we look at the markets that we play in or broadly, the impact of those rates could be different. But generally speaking, we see our end markets to be able to perform and drive growth even in a market where we see incrementally higher Fed rates. An example of that would be, if you look at biotech and aggregate, you see that the cash positions in these companies, is extraordinarily high. We continue to see investments going in there strongly. And so we don't anticipate any near-term impact due to Fed rate in that particular area. And that would, of course, overlap with the development part of your question. And as it relates to those that are already in commercial production, they are out there driving growth and ensuring the penetration of the incredibly efficacious biologic drugs, not just in the developed markets, but increasingly also in some of the higher growth markets. So we see really the demand drivers here going beyond any one country's monetary policy and continue to see that in a very positive light. So Fed policy is one thing. The specific markets that we play in, we would be less impacted by any of the incremental rate increases that are being discussed.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Well, let me characterize that a little bit. So the large CDMO investments that you see there are really a derivative of what we talked about in your question before, which is the strength of the biotech market. These are typically smaller companies that don't want to invest their precious cash into manufacturing facilities, and we'll outsource that to CDMOs. And as we talked about, if you think about the fact that just in monoclonal antibodies over the last five years, we've seen a huge increase in the number of projects in the funnel. If you think about nucleic acid therapies, there we've seen a 10x increase in the development funnel. And now you're seeing those work their way through the clinical trial process and that requires capacity. So that's what the CDMO investments are about. And of course, the customer -- our customers are also CDMOs and we're helping them build those capacities so that they can take care of those developments going forward. And then we also continue to see drugs going commercial. And as these drugs go commercial, that's a 10 and 100x increase in production capacity requirement. And all of this then, if you aggregate that, is what's pulling on our demand and is why we are so confident in the investments that we've made. And I mentioned this not just for the short term, which, of course, is important to ensure that they're owning the supply bottlenecks as we work our way through the pandemic here, but also for the long term so that we continue to be that partner of choice that has the broadest portfolio, can integrate that portfolio horizontally and can deliver it to the point of impact around the globe with the necessary experts to help our customers get their drugs in the market more quickly and at a lower cost.
Rainer Blair: I think that's right. As we look at 2022, I mentioned the COVID-related vaccine and therapeutic bioprocessing business. They'll probably be roughly flat here in 2022. Again, the assumption being that we're starting to see the pandemic going endemic on the one hand. On the other hand, what you start seeing -- you start seeing to happen is, if you will, we're going from 1.0 compounds to 2.0. So some vaccines and therapeutics are viewed as less efficacious in the current environment with the current variance, and so those become less of a factor. On the other hand, you have new monoclonal antibodies as therapeutics starting to be proposed that show much higher efficacy here with the variance that you have. And then for those that are already in market and quite effective, we're starting to see the recurring revenue as those companies are starting to recognize the recurring need for booster shots, not just here but around the globe. So we think that that's a good baseline to move forward with and how to think about it. And we've continued to view, as we've said in our long-term guide around the bioprocessing business, that that's a high single-digit grower. And I think that's the way to think about it in '22. And as we said, we think '23 will look a lot like '22 as well.
Matt McGrew: Yes, sure. Like you said, it was down 410 here in the quarter. It's probably three things. I would say, first, that's probably the area that we accelerated the investment spend the most in the fourth quarter, given obviously, a pretty strong print here across the entire portfolio. I think we took an opportunity in the fourth quarter to kind of overcharge a little bit of the investment there at EAS. So I think that's probably the first thing. I think the second thing is the supply chain. The challenges I would say there are probably modestly more pronounced at than they are elsewhere, Tycho. There's a kind of a high number of legacy products here that probably, I would say, have more components. And really what's happening is kind of the specialty components are a little bit harder to procure, especially in this environment that we're seeing. So largely offsetting that with daily management and doing some spot buys and some other product redesigns, et cetera, but I think a little bit more kind of supply chain issues there. And then lastly, I think if you think about -- there was a bit of mix issue here, too, with Trojan, which is a bit lower margin business being up, I think it was even north of 20% in the quarter. And so, I think despite that though, the good news is, like I said, I think teams doing a pretty good job using DBS to drive it from what we think and what we've seen here, it looks like even because of all that, I think we took some share here in Q4 and definitely in Q1, and that's really a result of being able to get through those challenges and still meet customer demand.
Matt McGrew: Yes. Sure. No, I mean I think as far as price goes, like you said, we saw kind of 150 basis points here in Q4. And I think that we've seen that for the last couple of quarters, I think that's a pretty good placeholder to put in for '22. Teams are obviously, over the last six months, we've been working harder to get that price. And I think you're seeing it show up. I mean it's basically 2x the price we used to get, kind of, call it, five, six quarters ago. So I guess it's a good place to start for '22. As far as margins go, just kind of maybe overall, I know we sort of put out a guide for '22, I call it, 35% to 40% fall through. And that's down a little bit from where we stand, kind of more in that 40% to 45%. I think that 35% to 40% kind of incorporates a little bit of what you're talking about. I think it's kind of in line with what we thought, frankly, our longer-term outlook was going to be. But if I think about year-over-year from '21 to '22, I think you're right I think a component of sort of the step down is going to be a little bit of the return to work and maybe some of the inflationary pressures that we see offset by price. The other piece really is going to be largely on the volume step-down that we see, and that's mostly going to be at kind of a mix type issue. So throw in some headwinds on share count and lets to sort of I'm thinking about the 40% to 45% in '21 going down to 35% to 40%. But I think the good news is that's pretty much in our long-term framework right where we thought. And I think it's also probably important to think about it. But even though we're seeing headwinds on the testing front this year, call it, 200 to 300 basis points, our COVID testing revenue is pretty much at the fleet average, right, which is why it's not a big step down for us. It's pretty much fleet average from a margin perspective. So I think that helps kind of as we navigate the headwinds.
Matt McGrew: Yes, I mean, I think that's right, Vijay. I think like I just kind of said, I mean, our COVID kind of revenues, both vaccine, therapeutic and the testing, it's more or less a fleet average, right? And so what I think you're seeing here and part of the reason we talked about the re-rating of the portfolio from a growth perspective, as I just mentioned lot, we've also talked about the fact that the portfolio is rerated from a margin perspective, too, right? We used to be more 30%, 35%. Now, we're 35%, 40%. And I think what you see here is that as we go forward and think about kind of what a margin profile looks like, I think I feel very comfortable with the 35% to 40% and the fact that, like you said, we'll have some revenue headwinds. We're going to have some volume headwinds and testing like we sort of laid out, and we can talk about '23, maybe if you're interested. But I think as we get to those headwinds, it won't be above the fleet average headwind, if you will, from a decremental perspective. So while it will be a headwind, and I think you can -- you obviously see that a little bit here in '22, from a margin perspective, it's not going to be overly burdensome.
Matt McGrew: Yes. No. No real difference. I mean we're -- I would say that it's all, again, just depending on mix of what goes in there, product-wise, but no margin profile wise it's the same..
