Thomas Joyce: Sure, thanks, Tycho. We continue to be very positive on the bioprocess market overall. And I think the dynamics in the quarter was such that, we obviously saw the related softness on the shipment side that was associated with the hurricane impact. And those impacts were significant. But I think the order growth that we mentioned and you heard us talk about gives us great encouragement that we're going to see a meaningful acceleration in the top-line associated with biopharma in the fourth quarter. So we feel good about the overall dynamics. The hurricane impact was significant. We were shut down for two weeks in Puerto Rico. We were also shut down partially for two weeks in Florida, associated with our Beckman Life Sciences facility. And so, while the recovery has been a challenging one, we expect to get some of that production recovered in the fourth quarter, probably not all of it. Some of it will extend probably into the first quarter. But we're very confident in the positive underlying growth drivers in the bioprocessing market.
Thomas Joyce: Tycho, we have seen some of that, absolutely. And we come to understand those dynamics literally on a customer-by-customer basis. And we're working through those individual customer situations. I think we have a sense of where each of them are. And we worked through like I think a good deal of that in the last quarter or two. It wouldn't be unusual, I think to see a little bit of that carry through into - through the fourth quarter, particularly given that some of those customers have facilities in Puerto Rico by the way. And so, that will take a little bit more time to work its way out, but we do think that's certainly a temporary phenomenon.
Thomas Joyce: Sure. Well, clearly, I think as we all know, 2017 has been a challenging year for the dental industry broadly defined, but we're actually encouraged by a number of things that we're seeing. Very encouraged by the performance in our specialty consumables business, Nobel and Ormco represent nearly half of our Dental segment. We saw mid single digit growth in the third quarter and it's possible that some of that specialty business growth in those markets are taking a little share of wallet if you will from traditional consumables. And clearly, we've seen some of the sell-out impacting sell-in, and the resulting inventory destocking. However, I would say we have a sense that there is a stabilization going on there relative to traditional consumables. There is probably - there is certainly still work to do, to realign the inventories on the equipment side, relative to some of the manufacturing distributor alignment, realignments that have gone on. So I think there is a number of things that we're very positive about and a couple of dynamics that we think we'll still need to work through. But I think in summary, if we step back from our relative performance in a challenging market, we feel really good about the execution side of what we've done. The team has done a number of things associated with our operational improvements that I think repositioned us very effectively for reinvesting in innovation and go to market that will help us in 2018.
Thomas Joyce: I think there is a bit of tailwind there, Scott, in the industrial markets. But I think if you talk about businesses for example, like Videojet that mentioned, that's really more a story of outstanding execution. And it's a combination in execution between terrific new product execution, investments in go-to-market and a tremendous service footprint that creates a real competitive advantage for a business like Videojet. An area where we have seen a really strong market dynamic would perhaps be coming back to your question about Pall and the industrial side of Pall would be in microelectronics, where we see continued growth in that segment of the business, wonderful underlying dynamics, but certainly in Asia, associated with an accelerating amount of chip production associated with the sensors that are now increasingly going into whether it's the telecommunications arena, certainly the iPhone, increasing number of sensors in cars. All of those things are contributing to a pretty strong market in microelectronics. So that will be an example of something that - where there is a market tailwind. But, I think to a great extent, we're more relying on our underlying execution in our industrial businesses than we really are on the market dynamics themselves.
Thomas Joyce: We clearly had some investments in a number of businesses around Water Quality, and a little bit of the top line softness in ChemTreat, had a little bit of impact there. ChemTreat is by the way was another one of our businesses that was impacted modestly by the hurricane. In the case of ChemTreat, it was actually impacted in Houston where we have a blending facility that had some disruption. And so, just a little bit of the mix on the top-line I think and some investments that we made in those businesses was the source of that impact. But we feel very good about how Water Quality will perform in the fourth quarter. We'll see some improvements there in the fourth quarter and we'll see some reasonable margin improvement as well.
Thomas Joyce: Sure. And I don't have a precise breakdown, Derik. Let me start with that caveat around the order rates from small molecule customers versus large molecule customers or even by facility on that basis. But in general, what we've seen over this year has been a reasonably balanced order book across those two segments of the bioprocessing market. Relative to your question about single-use, single-use continues to be a double-digit growth business for us, both in terms of the order book as well as what we saw actually in the top line in the third quarter. So we feel terrific about how that business is continuing to trend for us.
Thomas Joyce: It is too early, certainly. For those on the call it may not be quite as tuned into this reference that Derik made to PAMA. Essentially there is a dynamic going on in the market associated with reimbursement rates associated with test that are done or reimbursed on what's called the clinical lab fee schedule. Derik, it's still early days as you know even that ruling or that those recommendations associated with PAMA are in a comment period now. The industry have raised issues associated with narrow dataset that was used to compared private payer rates with the actual Medicare reimbursement rates. And so, I think, we got a little bit of time here, first of all just to wait to see how does that fee schedule ultimately gets set post the comment period. And then, I think, it's natural to assume that for the small portion of our business that is in - essentially in the outpatient environment and reimbursed through that fee schedule that there would be some pricing pressure. But pricing pressure is a natural dynamic as you know in that market and so we'll just have to wait a bit of time and we can come back to you with a little bit more of an update as things settle out.
Thomas Joyce: Sure. We did have a good quarter without question in Diagnostics. We saw a really good execution certainly led by Radiometer, which delivered high-single-digit growth in the period Leica Biosystems and anatomical pathology, mid-single-digit grower, and we saw improvement in Beckman Diagnostics as well. So we feel good about that, I think we can sustain a growth rate there that certainly probably north of 3%. But Beckman does face the toughest comp that they will face this year against last year's fourth quarter. So we could see a little moderation there against that comp in the fourth quarter. But we do get Cepheid into the core, only for half the quarter, if we got it in for the full fourth quarter, we'd probably be pushing up to - probably in the 4% neighborhood for the full quarter. So we feel good about the progress we are making, Beckman is absolutely still on a journey of improvement across the number of different fronts, but we are really encouraged by the new product innovations that are coming out. We're encouraged by some of the talent infusion that we've made in that business, and certainly a great start at Cepheid and the sustained growth rates in operating margin improvements there have allowed us to continue to reinvest across the platform in R&D, and sales and marketing. Put that together with some new product innovations and we think we are setting ourselves up for some continued improvement in 2018.
Thomas Joyce: Sure, sure. A terrific quarter without question, at Cepheid. Double-digit core growth, pretty balanced driven across both developed markets and the high growth markets, and most major product lines. Infectious disease, sexual health, both double-digit. Hospital acquired infections is a softer market of course, but we feel good about how we're positioned there. And so I think both geographically and from a product line perspective, we couldn't be more pleased with what's happening at Cepheid. And the investment that continues to on at Cepheid associated with innovation and new products, I think, bodes well for the future. We also continue to invest in their geographic footprint. We're building a team in China right now, it's still early days, but that team is growing nicely, and we expect to see some continued good growth in the high growth markets over time. And then relative to the impact of DBS, I mean, DBS is having an impact at Cepheid, initially around the operating margin improvements, which you saw jump up pretty significantly just in the first six months after we acquired, and we've sustained those and continue to increment those in the six months that follow. And that's really been around a number of initiatives that start with the low-hanging fruit and works then to some of the more challenging things around procurement in the supply chain both direct and indirect costs in a number of different opportunities that we've identified. In addition, DBS is having an impact on continuing to sustain the double-digit growth rate. We've implemented DBS tools associated with new product introductions to become more efficient and more timely in those new product introductions and introduce products with the highest possible quality right at launch. So I think, there's a number of different areas, and if I step back for a second, I'd say one of the most encouraging thing is how readily the tools of the Danaher Business System have been adopted by that team. It's been just terrific to see they have chosen those tools that make the biggest impact on the business, and it put them to work I think in the areas that made the most sense in terms of overall performance. So good to go, we look forward to another good year next year.
Thomas Joyce: Thanks, Dan. Steve, associated with your question on M&A. First in terms of the environment, I'd say we've seen some modest improvement in activity around deal opportunities. So that gives us some encouragement that there's opportunities perhaps breaking free, but we'll see always hard to predict. Relative to our viewpoint on acquisitions, we have always valued the balance between small and mid-size bolt-on acquisitions that are really accretive both strategically and financially to our platforms. Balanced with larger acquisitions that sometimes add a new leg or an adjacency to a platform or occasionally in our history that have added a new platform. As I've said in the past, our focus really is on the five platforms we have today and looking at adjacencies that might materially improve those platforms as they exist. From a priority standpoint, we always prioritize markets first, and we look for attractive global markets with good growth dynamics. And then we look at companies secondarily, and we look for companies with good growth dynamics and margin opportunities. We certainly value the consumables and the aftermarket side of companies. You've seen us build the portfolio now into the 60 - 65% of the portfolio is in consumables, and that obviously is a key source of underlying growth and stability, a lack of cyclicality and inherently good gross margins. And so we remain very consistent, I think, in those views of what markets and companies are attractive. And then finally, we look at valuation. And we've always valued a disciplined approach to returns. We've consistently said that small and mid-size bolt-on acquisitions, we look for those double-digit returns to be in - roughly a three year timeframe. And then if we're talking about a larger acquisition or an adjacency those double-digit returns still remain vitally important, but the timeframe associated with those maybe a bit longer. Historically, we've targeted inside of a five-year timeframe. Occasionally, those get a hair longer than that, when the strategic value and the long-term opportunity really warrants it. So I would say, our views in terms of the characteristics we look for and the approach, we've taken remain very consistent with our history.
Thomas Joyce: Steve, your recollection is a good one. And we do - did and do have a view that Beckman Coulter, the acquisition that we did those years ago, has the potential to become a mid-single-digit growth business, and we would obviously see to drive that beyond that but particularly as we broaden the exposure to certain end markets, like the molecular market, which Beckman obviously did not have exposure to in the past, and where Cepheid now plays such an important role. And it has been a journey, one thing I would maybe remind everybody is that the Beckman Coulter that we acquired was then initially split into two different businesses. And our Diagnostics business became a separate business from our Life Science business. Beckman Coulter Life Science, we often described in those days as an $800 million start-up that we had to kind of take from a flat to declining business and drive to growth. We've done that very successfully Beckman Coulter Life Science has become an innovator in its market and has now driven consistent mid-single-digit growth and great operating margin improvements. And so, we're really pleased with that. On the Dx side, it's been a longer journey. There was a pretty significant inheritance tax that we had to pay, and have continued to have to pay associated with lack of innovation, some quality and regulatory related matters, and frankly, long sales cycles, and frankly, long customer memories. And those have been a challenge for us. We're really pleased with the progress that we've made, taking that flat Dx business, probably actually - probably on its way to declining slightly, and improving it, and improving the operating margins and driving working capital improvements, improving retention rates and win rates. But it's been a long journey and there is still a journey to go. And so, we still believe that the opportunities there are significant and we'll see continuous improvement. But it's been slow going, but we're confident in the improvement potential ahead.
Thomas Joyce: Sure, thanks, Steve. So, important to separate EAS into Product Id and Water Quality, so Product ID remained very solid, mid-single-digit growth in the period, continued outstanding performance from Videojet and good performance from both Esko and X-Rite. I'll come to those relative to your adjacency question in just a minute. But on the Water Quality side, in the third quarter we were little lighter on the core growth side, a low-single-digit growth. Hach showed improvement in - relative to the second quarter and - but we still saw some softness in the environmental business. But again, we firmly believe and we understand that that's more project timing. The muni and industrial side of Hach continues to perform very well. The other dynamic in the quarter, relative to Water Quality was, again, really around project timing at Trojan. Trojan has seen terrific growth - order growth rates this year and good top line performance. In the quarter, we just simply saw some project delays and - but we saw double-digit orders and we think there is actually pretty good potential that Trojan might show double-digit core growth in the fourth quarter. And again, a little bit of a shortfall at ChemTreat related to the Hurricane impact, but ChemTreat has been a very consistent performer. So I think to step back from all that at the Environmental and Applied Solutions segment and we would say we feel very good about the performance there. The underlying order rates are good and we'll see improved performance in the fourth quarter. Relative to your question about adjacencies, I think those two platforms underneath that segment are actually great examples of how we have extended a platform through acquisitions into adjacencies and broadened the number of solutions we bring to customers. If you think about how we broadened Water Quality originally with the extension into treatment at Trojan and into ChemTreat, and ChemTreat how it was accretive to our growth rate, I think great examples. I think Product ID as we extended Videojet back into packaging workflow, all the way back to the brand owner designing that packaging with Esko and X-Rite and Pantone. I mean, those are just textbook examples of how we think about expanding the platform and improving growth rates and the - and our strategic heft if you will. And so, those are good models. We would attempt to continue to extend those models. Again, it's all a question of cultivating the right targets and eventually breaking them free. But we have active pipelines in each one of the businesses that, each one of the platforms to do just that.
Thomas Joyce: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. So relative to water in the fourth quarter, we do feel good about water in the fourth quarter associated with the order rates that we mentioned. Your question specifically about project delays, I mean, to some extent there is - that's always a dynamic that can exist in the muni market, but when we're in as close as we are right now, usually we have a pretty good sense, for example, at Trojan in terms of what's going to ship when relative to construction schedules and those kinds of things. Some of what has gone on in our, what we call, our environmental business, which is more associated with government funding and releasing tenders associated with more natural resources like rivers, lakes and streams and monitoring of deep ocean, that's where I think it can be a little bit more uncertain. So balancing all that, I think we have pretty good line of sight to the fourth quarter. Sure, there can always be one thing or another that gets pushed out. But in general or on balance across ChemTreat, Trojan, Hach and the broader portfolio, again, we feel pretty good about where we are. Relative to your question about Dental equipment, this is an uncertain environment in terms of some of the manufacturer/distributor realignment that I mentioned, and the potential impact on equipment. So, I mean, I think we dialed in our outlook reasonably conservatively and we manage the cost structures in the factor associated with the volumes that we see coming, so…
Thomas Joyce: Dan, it is hard to pin down. There is no doubt that the backing and forthing in Washington associated with ACA creates uncertainty in the minds of our customers and uncertainty is never good as we all know. And it creates a little bit of hesitancy, not in all customers, but in some customers, but it's hard to pin down the materiality of that. I mean, there are a couple of things, there is one in particular that is a little bit easier to pin down and that's med device tax. If ACA is repealed as it's been proposed a number of times, the med device tax typically would - it has been - would go out the window permanently. It's been in suspense so far all this year. That had a really very, very modest impact on us, both when it came into being, then when it went into suspense. So, I mean, but that's a more practical and specific example, but again, the materiality of the uncertainty, very hard to pin.
Daniel Comas: I think part of the encouragement in the third quarter order book in the improvement as Tom noted, single-use has been strong throughout the year, including the third quarter just like some of the hurricane issues from a shipment point of view, but the order recover was more broad-based.
Daniel Comas: Steve, I'll kick off, yeah. We're tracking pretty well as we go into next year with an expectation of about $40 million of costs coming out of the Beckman P&L, because of what we've done here with Veris. We are taking a portion of it, probably close to half of that number, and investing that in Cepheid. As you know, we're going to - they're going to take over kind of broader molecular effort here, and we think that investment will help them accelerate some of their activities.
Daniel Comas: And, Steve, to add to the point, if you put the two Beck together, for example, in the third quarter, they were combined mid single digit growers with a lot of margin expansion.
Daniel Comas: And, Jeff, maybe to add to that, so the equipment side, we will have a couple of tough quarters here, because of what is likely to be a destock in the equipment side. And that will hurt the equipment margin. I still think we get an offset, because we've gone through this destock period on the traditional consumables and we feel like we're kind of getting towards the end of that. And if anything, consumables are more profitable than equipment. So as Tom said, I think it will probably align, equipments going to get tougher on the margin side, but consumable - traditional consumables will start to see some recovery here in Q4.
Daniel Comas: I think the planning assumption we had going into the second half of being Dental relatively flat, granted we were up kind of 1% here in the third quarter, is a good planning assumption for the fourth quarter. But as we talked about more broadly, we expect accelerating core growth in the fourth quarter. We talked about Pall, we talked about the inclusion of Cepheid. We expect water to get better. So for us the 3% we posted here in the third quarter, we think we'd be looking more to 3.5% to 4% range from core growth in Q4.
