Tom Joyce: Sure. Okay. Thanks Derik. Happy to walk you through that a bit. So let's go right to the COVID impact in Q2. And I would think about it as largely a tailwind that probably represents 500 basis points of improvement or growth that's associated predominantly with Cepheid, Radiometer and IDT. And in terms of the related question about what's spoken for, Cepheid -- we're flat out at Cepheid. We are continuing to expand our capacity, but every test that we produce every single day gets shipped and the demand is continuing to build. Radiometer also running flat out, not quite the need for expanded capacity. We had the surge capacity we needed there, but they're doing exceptionally well and IDT holding its own as well. So I think overall you'd consider Cepheid Radiometer and IDT certainly contributors on the positive side. What that really means is that the rest of the portfolio is potentially down anywhere from 5% to 15%. And those heavier headwinds are going to come in businesses like Beckman Diagnostics, Leica Biosystems a bit that are more patient volume-dependent and we'll have to see whether that patient volume coming from loosening up of elective procedures starts to return. But certainly the greater bit of headwind is in the equipment-oriented business like LMS and SCIEX and a bit of PID no doubt. So, now putting all that together you then partially offset that with probably a bit of positive from Pall and Cytiva that are showing positive growth that's not exclusively COVID-related, but certainly related to the future developments around therapies and vaccines. So, I think that's the way, I'd sort of generally frame up the pluses and the minuses around the COVID impact in Q2.
Tom Joyce: Derik, we saw very little. It's always hard to tell when it's on the margins as to whether or not there was stocking going on there. Generally, we don't think it was particularly material. But I'd tell you Cytiva was off to a great start, as I mentioned 10% core growth in the first quarter really strong momentum in the core bioprocessing business and that's really driven by folks working on solutions to COVID-19. And, but as we look forward, I think we have really as you can imagine given we just closed the end of March 1st of April, we're just getting in there to really understand what that funnel looks like. And there's plenty of uncertainties about how much that volume will build over time depending on the progression of therapies and vaccines. So I think we've got an outstanding start here. But in terms of where we are from a guide perspective on Cytiva, we're still trying to size up what that backlog is starting to look like. Obviously, we haven't even gotten face-to-face with the team yet from an operating review standpoint given the limitations we have here on travel. So right now, we're going to focus on obviously a good deal of re-branding work that we need to do. We're going to stand it up as a stand-alone operating company, execute on the TSA and exit those TSA work streams and costs and make sure that we're embedding DBS into the business and working on opportunities to continue to improve its performance. So we'll come back and give you a better sense of what Cytiva looks like in the balance of the year, once we get a little bit more stability here in terms of how the bookings trends look and we round the corner here coming into the second half of the year.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Absolutely, Tycho, I'd be happy to. I can honestly say that, you would have to go all the way back to my very first year in the role where we along with the Board made sure that, we talked about talent development, about ensuring that we are progressing in various ways through our leadership ranks to get to the point, where we are today and had an outstanding choice in Rainer Blair to succeed me. So this has very much been the culmination of a succession planning process that really has gone on over the last five or six years. We always want to do something like this, when we're in a position of strength. And I think the combination of where we are with the portfolio and our performance, where we are around driving innovation and growth and the strength of our team and talent really is what I think makes us very comfortable that this is certainly a good time to turn the reins over. It was super important that we got Cytiva closed. And that we gave ourselves time to ensure that the transition here of the role allows for both Rainer and I to contribute to ensuring that Cytiva comes into the organization smoothly. So I think it's really a combination of all those things. I think the Danaher Board was incredibly supportive and constructive around this all along. I am really excited about Rainer and the talent and the capabilities that he brings to this role and he's just going to do a fantastic job. So we all feel great about it.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Thanks, Tycho. There's -- we've got a lot going on as it relates to the future impacts of COVID and I think in many respects we're pretty uniquely positioned both on the short-term and the long-term. I think if you start with from a diagnostic testing perspective Cepheid's impact along with IDT Radiometer in terms of treatment on the frontline as well as Beckman and serology and IgG testing, I think, that's a pretty unique combination of capabilities. Now you asked about the durability of the Cepheid test. I think -- as you know well, we are one of the world leaders in flu testing. And I think as we see the future here you're going to look -- clinicians are going to be looking for the opportunity in doing flu testing to also be doing COVID-19 testing. And I think the ability to run those tests on the same platform and the same cartridge, obviously, with the same cartridge configuration is a real advantage and a real opportunity we have for Cepheid. Of course, as this surge in demand now is happening we're seeing that not only in terms of the test cartridges themselves, but it's driving a significant increase in our installed base. And so as that installed base has grown, you're also going to see that installed base driving not only COVID-19 testing, but it's continuing to support expanded flu testing and market share gains for Cepheid over time. And obviously, there's a broader suite of tests that run on the Cepheid architecture and so that's going to benefit as well. So we think there's exceptional durability to the Cepheid architecture in an environment even in one where we have and god willing we will have both therapies as well as vaccines. In terms of your question about Beckman and serology, I think, the way we see serology evolving over time is it's going to be primarily driven obviously with a blood draw. And you're going to see the serology test, the IgG test integrated into more routine testing. And therefore, the cost per test is going to be quite reasonable and it's going to be in line with other immunoassay tests. And so while we talk about the capacity to have 30 million tests as I think Matt said earlier wouldn't build that into any models, but I think it's representative of the fact that serology testing that IgG test is going to become more of a standard in basic testing when it comes to immunoassay. So I think a lot of terrific potential there particularly as it relates to advances in public health and population testing. And some of the work that's being done by public health authorities to look for hotspots over time. In terms of your question about Cytiva and work around therapies and vaccines, I'd say both Pall and Cytiva are uniquely positioned to provide pretty critical inputs meaning filtration and resins to both vaccine and therapeutic candidates. Right now we would estimate that they're greater than 150 therapeutic and vaccine candidates today. And Pall and Cytiva are working with a majority of those in some capacity. And so obviously there'll be winners and losers, but we think we have a number of exceptional positions there with folks that are likely going to be part of the future therapy and/or vaccine answers. So I think a good spot to be in.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Well, I'd start Vijay with the fact that Rainer and I have worked together closely for virtually all of his 10 years. I don't know, if everybody knows that when Rainer was first hired at Danaher he came in initially as the President of Videojet. And I'm not sure Rainer and his wife Elaine had actually unpacked their bags when we had -- we were looking to succeed me at SCIEX -- after the SCIEX acquisition, I was headed off to Beckman and we had this outstanding leader who had just come into Videojet and the real need at SCIEX and Rainer repacked and moved to Boston and led SCIEX for a number of years and just did an exceptional job. And he and I have worked together literally every day since then, through the work at SCIEX, through the acquisitions of Pall and IDT, obviously, throughout the tremendous work that he did identifying the opportunity that has become Cytiva, our largest acquisition ever. And so, when you work together for as long as we have, I guess, there do tend to be quite a number of similarities about the two of us. But Vijay, you're going to have plenty of time to ask Rainer that question and he'll probably have a more thoughtful contrast between the two of us than I will. He's an outstanding individual, he is super smart. He is steeped in the domains, not only in life science, but across Danaher. He's unbelievably well-respected across Danaher, as a DBS leader, a great teacher, a DBS practitioner and somebody who lives and breathes the Danaher core values and our shared purpose of helping realize life's potential every single day. His track record relative to M&A and his bias towards driving innovation by being willing to place bets, both early stage bets as well as more mature bets to drive innovation is unparalleled. So I hope and believe that you'll probably see a lot of similarities between the two of us in terms of what we value, but Rainer will put his own mark on Danaher and I am supremely confident that that mark on Danaher is going to be an outstanding one and an indelible one.
Tom Joyce: Scott, it was not informed by the current economic uncertainties. It was very much part of the plan.
Tom Joyce: Yes. Thanks for the question, Scott. Yes, is the answer to that. Why do I -- why would that be the case, given how important being it -- we use that term, being at gemba, being in the real place, how important we talk about that being. Well, we actually kicked off DBS training what we call ECO, Executive Champion Orientation. We kicked that off virtually using Microsoft Teams just two weeks ago. I kicked it off, Rainer was on the call. John Sekowski, who you know from our DBS office, led the effort. We probably touched -- we got more people through that ECO over that day, day-and-a-half, I forgot the full duration, because of actually being able to use a virtual tool and so -- a digital tool. And so, the answer is, we're working. We're doing our best. We're off to a good start. We've got to get creative. We've got to invent new ways to get things done. Interestingly, our existing businesses outside of Cytiva are in fact doing multi-day Kaizens using virtual tools, using Zoom using Microsoft Teams and it's not the same, it's different. We wouldn't use that as a standard going forward. We absolutely value being face-to-face. But we've challenged our teams to get creative and continue to drive continuous improvement even in this environment.
Tom Joyce: Yes. Yes. Scott, these are fantastic businesses even in a challenging economic environment. I mean Hach's leadership position in Water Quality analytics four times to five times its nearest competitor; Videojet, a leader from a share perspective as well. Both obviously heavily skewed towards -- their balance of sales skewed towards consumables, north of 70%, 75% in those businesses being aftermarket consumables and service. When water quality testing has to be done every single day in municipalities around the world when consumer packaged goods have to be marked and shipped every single day around the world, those consumables continue to underpin reasonably steady performance. I mean they are a safety net under the revenue structures of those businesses. And while there'll be some other dimensions the -- like the equipment side in water quality for example or even in PID and some of the software businesses that will be a little bit more pressured here, I think those are still really solid businesses even in these challenging times. So, I wouldn't trade those businesses for any in their markets.
Tom Joyce: Well, yes I mean I think they would be down a bit more only because they're not buoyed by the terrific performance that we continue to see at Cepheid and IDT as well as Radiometer and even with what we think is going to be pretty solid performance at Cytiva and Pall. So, yes, I think these businesses would be at the lower end of the core growth component. You could potentially see the segment EAS down potentially mid-to-high teens inside of the guide.
