Rainer M. Blair: So Jack, on the consumable side, we've really seen ordering patterns back to normal with very, very few exceptions and with pretty clear visibility through the measures that we put in place to stay close to our customers here during the destocking period. We feel that we're very close to normal order patterns. And keep in mind, we actively monitor our customers on a customer-by-customer basis. And in addition to that, we really took active measures here to ensure that inventories were normalized. And you'll recall that we took decisions to ensure that we took the dysfunction in the supply chain out to ensure that we had a true demand signal. And we think that's paid off here, and we know where our customers sit in terms of their stock levels on consumables. Now equipment is a slightly different picture. We're seeing good activity there at some of our larger customers, and that played out here in the second quarter as well, with the sequential order growth being high single digits and being positive for both equipment and consumables. And so, those larger customers really do have a higher activity level, whereas the smaller customers probably remain a little bit more constrained.
Rainer M. Blair: Well, from a competitive perspective, Jack, everyone has slightly different positioning, whether it's by product category or geography or even customer type. Now, if you look at us, we're probably the broadest and the deepest in terms of our portfolio, both upstream and downstream, while some others are perhaps a little bit more concentrated. So, given that, it's always going to be hard to really line up the various players in the industry to have a perfect read-across. But again, the good news here is that this is a great business, and it's recovering as we expected, and we're confident about the future.
Rainer M. Blair: Well Scott, first, it's important to note that this is not a change on our view on capital allocation. So we maintain a strong bias towards M&A, and we're going to continue to be active on the M&A front. Now having said that, as always, we evaluate capital allocation using the same ROIC lens, whether it's M&A, buyback, R&D projects, CAPEX and so forth. So we evaluate all of these investment options based on the expected returns. And specifically in today's environment, the relative value of a buyback generates attractive financial returns. So we're buying a great business, one we know very well. We have strong conviction about its future while maintaining a meaningful M&A envelope. And I put out there this, this is important that our free cash flow is nearly $6 billion and our net leverage is about two turns. So we feel well positioned here with various alternatives.
Rainer M. Blair: Well, our book-to-bill is 0.9, Scott. And as we've said, in order to make our full year guide here of bioprocessing being down low single digits we have to maintain the 0.9. And that's certainly how the first half has played out here, and we're confident that, that will continue to be the case. As you know, we don't guide to book-to-bills or orders, but basically the guide is built on the assumption that as we have 0.9 here for the year, we'll exit our year with high single-digit or better growth.
Rainer M. Blair: Vijay, look for the second quarter, all up for Danaher, our pricing was up 100 basis points right around there. And for 2024 as a whole, we think we will likely be a little above our historical average of 75 to 100 basis points. So we feel good about our positioning, the leverage in our portfolio, and how we've positioned here price-wise.
Rainer M. Blair: Sure. Well, in China, what we're seeing is increased activity levels in our funnel. So the volumes that we see in our funnel has been growing and that's all related to people in the market getting ready for this stimulus funding, if you will, with sort of shovel-ready projects. But what we're also seeing is a decrease in the funnel velocity as naturally market players are looking to see what the financing terms and conditions for the stimulus are. So we have watched this development. This is expected for us. This is not new news. We expected that the market would hold up to see what the funding alternatives would be. And we don't expect to see the funnel convert into orders in any meaningful way here in 2024. We view that more as a 2025 event that people are waiting for their shovel-ready projects to receive funding.
Rainer M. Blair: Sure, Mike. Well, let's start with the quarter. So overall, the second quarter came in, as expected, down high single digits with the market conditions largely consistent with what we saw in the first quarter, with capital equipment more constrained, particularly in China, while consumables and services held up comparatively better. Now in developed markets, pharma and biotech remain soft but stable sequentially, while academic markets were modestly weaker and applied markets continue to hold up well, particularly for more advanced instrumentation that you need for complicated applications such as PFAS, clinical, and so forth. And coming back to China here, and to build on my comments to Vijay's question, the recent stimulus measures are really driving improved funnels and coding activity, but we don't expect that to convert to orders until 2025. So as expected, we're starting to see customers delaying their purchasing decisions there as they await the stimulus funding. Now as you think about the second quarter -- the second half, excuse me, we're going to see the comps easing a bit, and that will certainly contribute to some stabilization. But we would expect this normalization process for Life Science tools and consumables to continue through 2024.
Rainer M. Blair: Sure. We saw mid-single-digit growth in our non-respiratory businesses with good customer activity around the world. And in particular, if you think about Cepheid, both respiratory and non-respiratory reagents were up. So non-respiratory was actually up mid-teens. And here you see the Cepheid strategy playing out, increasing that installed base, increasing menu adoption and utilization; virology, a relatively new assay, up 20% in the second quarter. And we're, of course, benefiting from recent menu expansion such as in sexual health, which is also up 20%. And then you heard us launch the new assay and receive approvals for Hepatitis C, and we look forward to seeing its growth journey going forward. So as you look at Cepheid, that strategy plays out. We continue to take share and grew both in respiratory and non-respiratory testing. We have there a little bit of a year-over-year with equipment being a little bit down and that nudged it just into a small negative growth here for the second quarter. Now as you look at the remaining businesses, Beckman grew low single digits. But really, the Beckman Diagnostics continues with this momentum with recurring revenue growing at mid-single digits again this quarter, and the overall moderation there for Beckman is really related to some challenging equipment comps. We had a lot of backlog that we needed to ship out last year, and that's affecting the compare here a little bit. But Beckman Diagnostics really is a mid-single-digit long-term grower. It's got a full innovation pipeline. The commercial execution is outstanding. We've got great instrument placement. And we've done a lot on the innovation front. We just talked about the Access NT proBNP, which has expanded our cardiac menu in the second quarter. And we've done a full refresh of our product line with the immunoassay DxI 9000; on chemistry, the DxC 500 and in automation, the DxA 5000. So coupled with our execution, we see our diagnostics businesses poised and positioned very well here, both competitively and for the long term.
Rainer M. Blair: Sure. Let's start with how we get comfortable with our view on bioprocessing and its future. And I think it's important to level set one more time on the performance that we've seen here in the first half. Starting with the second quarter which, again, it has played out as we thought. We saw improvement in revenue and orders, second quarter in a row in both consumables and equipment. And you'll recall from our commentary in the last quarter's comments that we wanted to see that improvement in equipment, and we did. And our core revenue improved nearly 1,000 basis points from down high teens, Matt talked about this, to down high single digits. And again, orders grew high single digits sequentially from Q1, which is an acceleration from the mid-single digit. So we do see strength there. And that's because destocking is largely behind us, and there are very few exceptions, and those order patterns are more and more similar to the pre-pandemic levels, which is also why in our guide here for Q3, we've talked about seasonality again, something that we haven't seen and we'll consider the anomalous last eight quarters or so. So those ordering patterns are returning to what we saw in the pre pandemic level. And again, important to note here, large customers with on-market drugs continue to grow because that underlying large molecule demand remains at historical growth rates, and we talked about that high single digits maybe even low double digits, but certainly at the historical rates, which continues to provide that demand signal through the entire value chain. At the same time, development pipelines remain very solid across the board. But if we look at Phase III, that's particularly strong. In fact, we would say it is stronger than it had been prior to the pandemic, and that further underwrites our long-term growth expectations. Now we talked about some of the smaller biotech customers, and that's where you tend to see some of these advanced modalities. Let's just call them for the sake of argument right now nucleic acid-based therapies, and perhaps a couple of other type bispecifics ADCs. And what we see there is that they have been over proportionately impacted by some of the funding contraction that we saw in the venture capital market, but that's improved, which is encouraging. But again, those smaller players really do need to focus on their most promising projects to play that. And that's going to have an effect on how much capital they spend on equipment. So if a particular player is positioned and their portfolio is skewed more towards these advanced therapies and the smaller customers where cash remains fairly tight, then that's going to impact the order book. With our broader portfolio, particularly with our skew towards commercialized drugs and those in late phases, we see that strength, and that's another reason why we feel good about exiting 2024 at high single digits or better. Now coming back to your question here on new modalities. New modalities are exciting. They're a small part of our business, and they're a small part of the overall market. Keep in mind, our business is driven by protein therapies in their various forms. And of course, we also are a leading player for the advanced therapies. But if you calibrate, this is a much smaller part of both our business and the market, and it's going to have a fair amount of variability, both in success rates in terms of the approvals that these advanced therapies received, but also in terms of the uptake and the reimbursement dynamics associated with those. So I think we're just at the very beginning of that trend to these advanced modalities going on. Lastly, China. The slowdown that we're seeing is really fairly broad-based. As you look at our portfolio, Life Science Equipment, in particular, has a research and more academic focus, and that's where you see a lot of waiting for the stimulus funds to be dispersed. And that segment is ready. The applications are filed. They're in the funnel, so to speak, but we need to see the disbursement of that. And we're not counting on that happening in any material form here in 2024.
Rainer M. Blair: So I think we would support that hypothesis that the additional funding and the various market subsidies pulled forward demand and replaced a lot of equipment out there during the pandemic and immediately following that. And that's why we've talked about the need, and we're experiencing that normalization period right now. And that replacement cycle is going to remain intact. And that's why we would say we're probably sort of in the early innings, mid-innings here of that recovery, the first step that we're probably going to see here are the lower comps in the second half. And it's probably going to take 2025 to start approaching that normal replacement cycle again, Tycho.
Rainer M. Blair: So starting with yields and improving customer yields, that's what we do. Our focus in bioprocessing is to help our customers improve the yields and there's plenty of opportunity for that to ultimately lower the total cost of manufacturing of these life-saving certainly quality of life improving drugs and to improve accessibility to these drugs around the world. So that's what we do. And we don't view that as an inhibitor to growth. On the contrary, through creating more value for our customers, we see more opportunity for growth there and differentiation and believe that we're very well positioned. Now as we think about capacity here in the marketplace, we actually believe that capacity certainly for commercial production and what is in Phase III needs to increase. We don't believe that in the large manufacturers, pharma or CDMO, that ultimately there is sufficient capacity for the long term, and we would expect that capacity to continue to increase, and there's moves in the marketplace that demonstrate that. And that underwrites also our perspective on equipment orders growth. Now as it relates to services, we've talked about that at length. We're very focused on the scope of the businesses that we have. We're excited about investing in those businesses and helping our customers do what they do. We do provide services in order to help them with some of their most complex and new therapies and then ultimately the tech transfers to either the pharma company itself or its CDMO partner.
Matt McGrew: Yeah. No, I think that's in bioprocessing in particular. We probably should talk about bioprocessing and respiratory for Q3. So if you think about sort of revenue, we've got bioprocessing is going to be down low single digits, which is again kind of a continued improvement versus what we saw in Q1 and Q2. We were down kind of high teens in Q1, high single digits in Q2, and we think that that goes to kind of low single digits here in Q3. Given like Rainer just said, I think we're largely through the destocking sort of on the consumable side. A little bit easier comps in China as well, so that probably helps a little. But if you think about sort of the two big drivers of Q3, outside of even Bioprocessing, when you think about sort of the guide in totality, you have two issues or two things to think about. We've got lower volume in Biotechnology like I just talked about and in respiratory as well. So Biotechnology prior to the pandemic, we sort of had sort of a step down between Q2 and Q3 seasonally. That was always the case for the business and we're kind of monitoring -– we're putting that in sequentially again here in our guide. We were about down mid-single digits prior to the pandemic from a revenue perspective. And so, that's kind of what we assumed in the guide, that we would have that sort of step down that we normally have seen. Given the fact that we're back at normal order patterns, we sort of believe that we're going to have a normal seasonality as well. So, you kind of factor that in for bioprocessing. And then on respiratory, we're assuming $200 million of revenue versus $300 million here in the quarter. So, the two of those kind of combined are the reason that you've got the Q3 revenue where it is. And I might also add, just to kind of get out in front of them, maybe the next question on margins, that's a big reason why we're kind of guiding to approximately 26% adjusted operating margin in the quarter. Those two businesses sort of being a little bit lower sequentially here, given their margin profile, that's the big driver, if not the full driver of what's happening on the margin perspective as well.
Matt McGrew: Yeah. We just finished the second quarter year of 2024, so we still have a lot of work left to do in 2024 before we think about 2025. We have always sort of guided here in January. I think that is still the plan. Plenty of work left to do here in the quarter from a top-line perspective, but clearly we are seeing the improvements. We thought clearly, this is playing out, at least in bioprocessing, like we thought on the top line. And so, maybe what we should do is let's just get through Q3 here, and then we can kind of revisit the fourth quarter and 2025 as we get there. From a margin perspective, I think we have sort of historically talked, both -- like I talked on the last call, Q4 and Q1 will typically be better margin quarters for us, given like you said, the operating leverage that we get out of bioprocessing and respiratory, I don't think that, that will be any different here in this year. But as far as over the long term, as I think about next year from a margin perspective, we've talked about this business being a 35% to 40% kind of incremental fall through. I don't see any reason why that would not be the case, especially as we sort of return to growth in bioprocessing. I think we've been close to those levels here as we've been shrinking, frankly. So I think we've done a lot on the cost structure to be able to make sure that we can continue to do that. But I think over time, 35%, 40% fall through, and this is a business in a normal time that our adjusted operating margin should be in the low 30s.
Matt McGrew: As far as -- I think you're probably referring to bioprocessing price, Vijay. We did about 2.5% here in the quarter. It's probably a pretty good marker for the full year. We were getting better price in the last couple of years, probably 4%, 5% type price, but that was also in an environment where we had supply chain and other challenges from an inflationary perspective that we're getting more price to offset some of that. So some of those concerns sort of fall off, if you will, the price comes down. But fundamentally, from a competitive perspective, I don't think we're seeing significant price pressures. It's much more a function of just coming back to where we used to be, which is in bioprocessing, 100 to 200 basis points.
Matt McGrew: Yes, Dan, maybe I'll start. I mean, look, we sort of maybe -- maybe this is the way to think about it. We like this portfolio. We like how we're positioned for the future. We like the growth where we're going to be here. The portfolio moves through the last five years have been sort of -- the fog of COVID, if you will, has really sort of made it hard to see what we think this business is capable of. We've talked about it with everybody in the past. I mean this is a high single-digit growth business, 60% gross margins, 30% OP with free cash flow conversion north of 100%. We like our business. And when I see what we trade at, today and then I kind of look out at what some of the still current M&A multiples are, it's just from a return perspective, we're getting as good of a return, if not better, on some of -- on the buyback than we would at some of these levels. And we just think that in today's environment, the buyback made sense. But that is in today's environment. Our bias still is towards M&A, but I do believe that we've got a bit of a disconnect here still in today's environment. And we are kind of making a bet, if you will, on a business that we know well and that we think has got a lot of upside.
Matt McGrew: Yes. No, nothing, I would say, for bioprocessing and the same for respiratory. I would say there's nothing that we saw in Q2 that is causing us consternation about the normal seasonality. I think this is really about returning to a normal seasonal pattern, where typically in bioprocessing, we are seeing mid-single-digit decline sequentially from Q2 to Q3. And for planning purposes, because we are largely past destocking and because we see the customer order patterns sort of coming back to normal, for planning purposes we are going to plan on that same mid-single-digit decline from a revenue perspective sequentially, but that does not change anything in the underlying what we've seen in the business. So I wouldn't read too much into it other than this is a sequential normal historical revenue pattern, and we are assuming that in the guidance.
