H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think you're exactly right, Nigel. It's hard to say too much about January, given the nature of the month and how early it is. But I think we were particularly encouraged by the way 2013 ended, right? From a geographic perspective, the strength was broad-based. I think the same can be said from a line of business perspective. We probably had a better book-to-bill than we had the year prior, and I don't think there were any unnatural acts that, by and large, occurred. So it was just good to see that sort of strength come into the new year. I don't think we've seen anything in January that would deter us. Again, we mentioned in the formal remarks that we are short a selling day, which will impact us probably more so in consumables than in equipment. We know that Motion is still going to be exiting some of the low-margin business there. But I think all-in, we feel good about things. But when we say approximately 3%, I think we know that we clearly need a few more weeks behind us here to have a better bead on the first quarter. But so far so good.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I don't think we're going to change that 2% to 4%. But clearly, getting off to a good start here in the approximately 3% range would at least put us at the midpoint. And if the macro scene is better, Nigel, I'm highly convinced we're going to do well, right? With our exposures from health care to industrial, environmental, networking, an improved global scene will be very good for this portfolio, and we'll execute accordingly.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. Steve, that's it exactly. I would just add to that, that we do a number of these things, these sorts of investments, to augment our competitive positions really around the portfolio. And while you never want to see an impairment, to have that business up double digit, contributing is a good thing and a good thing long term. You look at a small investment that we made, that was really to seed core [ph] technology for Lythos, the digital impression system we have up and running at Dental. We did something similar that was really the foundation for what became AQT at Radiometer. So we have a number of these small bets that we make that we don't really end up talking much about. As Dan alluded to, a moment ago, clearly, with the accounting rules, we've got to call this out. But I think it's just really part of the mosaic in terms of the investments we make organically and inorganically to drive long-term competitive strength and profitable growth.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think we're in a very good spot there, clearly, in terms of the challenges we're helping our service provider customers solve, as well as the folks on the enterprise side, right? Network management, particularly with the mobile explosion, is a continuous challenge. We're well positioned there. From an enterprise perspective, network management, generally, it does not get easier. Clearly, a day doesn't go by with the cyber security headlines being rewritten. So we like where Comms, we like where Arbor, we like where Fluke Network is positioned. I'm not sure we consistently sign up for double-digit growth there. The Tek Comms business can be a little bit lumpy, but I think we like the long-term trajectory there to be sure.
H. Lawrence Culp: Sure. I think maybe just a little bit of context. As we hinted in New York when we saw you, I think we had a little bit better visibility at the end of '13 than we have the last couple of years. So we had a little bit more room to do some things, and Dental was one place where we took advantage of that envelope. As we said, about 100 basis points of costs that came forward. Most of that was on the productivity side, just to continue to sharpen up the cost structure there. But we're really in the sweet spot, both from a technical -- or technology perspective given where the product pipelines are, and a lot of that comes out in February at Midwinter. But also on the commercial side, we wanted to pull some things forward, particularly in Asia, all of which, I think, gives us a good start to 2014. And again, the mix bit of it was important as well. I think it's always good to see equipment show strength, but there is a little bit of a squeeze there from a margin perspective in the short term.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think we'd be the first to acknowledge that, over the last 4, 5 quarters, things have become more difficult in general. But I think our optimism, Jeff, is genuine because we're going to pick through a number of different situations that populate the funnels really across each and every platform. And as we do that, even in this environment, we think there are opportunities for value creation. We're going to stay disciplined, no doubt about that. I think that we take some encouragement from the fact that we did deploy $1 billion last year across, admittedly, 14 smaller transactions. But as Dan and I look out there, as we go through the monthly reviews we do with the businesses, I think that we're well positioned financially and operationally to put that capital to work. But on the margin, you're spot on. So it is a little tougher, given the valuations, particularly in the public arena than a year ago.
H. Lawrence Culp: I'm just glad you didn't say it was 22x there. Jeff, the -- just back to Plan B. I think the board and certainly Dan and I and the team are highly cognizant of the earnings power that we have in what is an under-leveraged balance sheet, right? I think the bias that we have, which is discussed and frankly, reaffirmed at virtually every board meeting, is toward the inorganic investments that have worked very well for us in building a strong company and driving a lot of value. Things are going to come in ebbs and flows here, but I think that balance or that bias is intact. And we know that, frankly, just a few years ago, after a somewhat quiet period, we were uniquely positioned to go take Beckman on, right? So again, I think this is a live conversation with a strongly shareholder-oriented board at every meeting, but the pronounced bias that we have is one we continue to think works for Danaher going forward.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. No, I think at Motion, we were particularly pleased with the finish, especially on the industrial automation side. If you look, we were up basically at a mid-single-digit rate in industrial automation in the quarter. Now that's a portion of the business, but that's really where a lot of our growth investments, from a product and a go-to-market perspective, have been made, Shannon. From a vertical perspective there, it was broad-based. Orders were up double digit in the fourth quarter in the U.S. I think, in China, we finally had traction from an execution perspective. So there's a lot there, frankly, that we're quite pleased with on top of the multiyear margin expansion that, that team has put forward. At Tek, not necessarily thrilled to be down again in the fourth quarter. But I think as we look forward, given the historical lag effect around PMI, we're optimistic that we return to growth here in '14. Things have been a bit bumpy, as you know, there. I think the China space, particularly on the export side, has continued to be particularly challenging. But I think all in all, Tek did a much better job from an execution perspective in a tough environment in 2013. I think we held ground broadly and are poised to get back on the positive side of things here in the new year.
H. Lawrence Culp: Yes. I think that's -- actually, I mentioned this earlier, Shannon. As you know, the book of business here is about 60-40, 60% equipment, 40% consumables, and where we've really seen the sustained growth of late has been in consumables. And we thought -- when we talked about as a 2.5% core in the fourth quarter, we thought consumables would lead there. We'd be slightly positive on equipment, with consumables at a mid-single-digit rate. To see consumables, basically, come in line but to have equipment come in a couple of hundred basis points better than that, I think it's another one of the signs that we can take from the fourth quarter to say this broad-based geographic and product pickup that we saw came in equipment, and those are clearly more important decisions, if you will, on the part of many customers. So we're going to look at that, to see how sustained that is as we get started here in 2014, but I think just that snapshot is one that's hard to interpret in anything other than a positive way.
H. Lawrence Culp: Julian, I would just add to that, that if you look at the productivity investments that we made in the fourth quarter, LS&D still accounted for about 1/3 of the overall total, as Dan noted earlier, down year-on-year, but still an important part of that spend, which I think speaks to just the visibility the teams have on opportunities. Beckman's not the only relatively new business we have there. So they're all keen to get after it to continue to get those margins up, again, because we think that segment ought to be a 20%-er.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I'll let Dan answer the first part of that. I think, with respect to the second part, it was really, really simple. I think these were below-margin opportunities we've gotten a hold of that looked a little bit more attractive at a distance than they did up-close. So effectively -- as you know, Dean, we've had a multiyear effort to put a premium on margin expansion in Motion. I think we give the team very high margin in that regard. And the walk from the revenue, even though it impacts the print on the core revenue side of things is the right thing to do, and the team has been at that for the better part of a year now.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well I think that we certainly know that, from a macro perspective, patient volumes have been, of late, more sluggish than we've seen over the last 10 or 15 years, particularly here in the U.S., Western Europe to a slightly lesser degree. But I think our view, Isaac, as you well know, is that we really want to drive innovation, couple that innovation with better commercial execution so that we can capture that value that we're adding on a per doctor, per operatory, per patient basis. And I think we've been doing that, lots of examples. Most recently, this digital dentistry initiative at Ormco, I think, is one where we're getting a lot of traction in that regard. And to the extent that we can do that, that drives share, that drives value capture and coupled with what we're doing in the high-growth markets, I mentioned China a moment ago, we think Dental can be a good sustained mid-single-digit grower for us.
H. Lawrence Culp: Right. And that's 1 segment, Isaac, where the variable margins on the equipment are well above the Danaher average. So we don't get as much of a pronounced mix there between core equipment and aftermarket, in whatever form it comes, as we might elsewhere, i.e., Dental, as was explained a few minutes ago.
H. Lawrence Culp: I would say it's pretty well balanced at this point, Isaac. As you know, we've been working the Environmental side of things pretty hard. That's an area where we'd like to do more. There are certainly spots within both Industrial Tech, particularly around Product ID, as well as in T&M, particularly if we can lever the Fluke brand more broadly, that are high priorities for us. So we're working those hard, but I don't mean to shortchange LS&D or Dental. They certainly have a good bit that they have their eyes on as well.
H. Lawrence Culp: Well, I think regardless of deal size, each investment requires a certain level of work. I think we've done large deals, a la Beckman. We've done some smaller transactions. But once you get past that dynamic, I think we feel pretty confident that both, given the size of our financial capacity, and again $8 billion of capital here in the near term, coupled with our operating capabilities, both in terms of the quality of the team and the Danaher Business System, we are advantaged. And that doesn't begin to address the fact that we take a long-term view, right? And we can not only be patient, but we bring that owner's mentality to building out the business and harvesting those top and bottom line synergies. So we've been at this a long time and continue to believe that our organic strategy will complement what we do organically very well and create value for shareholders and build a sustainable franchise along the way.
H. Lawrence Culp: Charlie, what we said -- as you recall, what we said in New York is we thought, for the full year, Industrial Tech would be up 1% to 3%, probably a little bit more of our cyclical exposure there. So if things spring back just broadly, I think we're well positioned. Maybe the industrial automation performance I highlighted a moment ago suggests we're beginning to see some of that. But I think, by and large, what will drive Industrial Tech, aside from some of the headwinds you mentioned, is the very strong performance we have seen and expect at Product ID. Videojet, Linx, the marking and coding business have done very well the last couple of years. We love what they're doing in terms of finding opportunities to invest in growth and their execution around those investments. And while it's still early, at X-Rite and to a degree, Esko, those businesses both play important roles in managing some of the more complex supply chain and brand management challenges that our customers, particularly in consumer goods, face. So there's just -- it's a ripe field of opportunity. The businesses are well positioned, and they ought to lead the way this year.
Daniel L. Comas: Nigel, it's Dan. First of all, if you just normalize year-on-year restructuring, Industrial Tech margins were up 80, 90 basis points. We had a higher -- we had some additional opportunities. We took advantage of it. In terms of pricing, it hasn't -- we definitely saw an impact probably late '12, and we've seen that continue, where we're not getting any pricing in equipment, generally speaking. So we're still getting the kind of pricing you'd expect on the aftermarket. But the period of the prior year, you're getting a point or so on equipment and instruments. It hasn't gotten worse, but since about a year ago, it's probably overall kind of flattish for us right now.
Daniel L. Comas: Steve, I'll start and maybe let Larry chime in. It was investment in a company, relatively early-stage company, that is continuing to perform reasonably well but behind the expectations we had at the time of the acquisition. Because of that, the accounting rules indicated that a write-down of a piece of the purchase price was appropriate. So obviously, we took that. Obviously, the Communications platform, overall, has been a very good, very kind of high return for us. Probably, there'll be a little bit more risk. And you can have situations like Arbor that play out well ahead of schedule. This one, we still believe in. It's tracking okay, but it's a little behind versus where we thought it would be at this point.
Daniel L. Comas: Jeff, overall, about 3x revenue and kind of a low-double digit, 11x, and I may be off by 0.5 point kind of EBITDA sort of multiple. They are largely bolt-ons and tuck-ins, so our confidence with those tend to be higher just because of the nature of what we can do on the cost side.
Daniel L. Comas: So the absolute number was a little bit over $100 million compared to $120 million last year. It was higher in Industrial Tech and Dental, and it was lower in Life Sciences & Diagnostics. So if you look at the core margin expansion of LS&D, up 260, if you normalize restructuring, it'd be more like 150 basis points of core margin expansion. We spent a little bit more than $100 million in the quarter, but you could also see that where we -- we also really stepped up some of our growth investment. So R&D was up 13% year-on-year in the quarter. It'd been tracking up around 8% or 9% through the first 9 months. Sales and marketing, a similar story. We're up 9% in the quarter versus tracking maybe 6% or 7% for the first 3 [ph] quarters, as I already alluded to. Given where we saw some of the strength, there was an opportunity to deploy some money that hopefully will benefit growth in the future.
Daniel L. Comas: Sure. I mean our R&D itself was up $40 million, almost $40 million in the quarter. Our run rate would have suggested more like $30 million.
Daniel L. Comas: We -- for the full year, mid-teens, a little bit stronger in the fourth quarter, though that is somewhat seasonal. But as I mentioned to Jeff, with a little lower restructuring, very strong performance. We're trying to get away from talking specifically kind of Beckman, but it's a big piece of the segment and we would expect that segment to again be one of the larger contributors to the year-on-year margin expansion here that we expect in '14. So things are tracking well. More costs are coming out. Very pleased with how the year trended in terms of their Beckman margins.
Daniel L. Comas: Well, if you just assume 1-day impact on consumables, no impact on equipment, probably just a little bit, but that would be 0.5 point of growth. 0.5 point of growth on $5 million (sic) is $25 million and that's a 50% fall-through, that costs us a $0.01, $0.015 in the quarter.
Daniel L. Comas: Julian, I think you saw an improvement through the first 9 months of the year. Again, the fourth quarter was impacted primarily by the higher restructuring, but as Larry indicated, kind of the mix, with the equipment better than consumables. So given we have a little higher restructuring spend here in Q4, we expect a significant number of new product launches in the first half of '14, I think that bodes well not only for the top line, but also for margin expansion here in '14.
Daniel L. Comas: They'll come down a little bit, but even our Radiometer and Leica Bio businesses, just given the high consumable content there, also continues to be very good even in the "more mature businesses" in terms of their tenure with Danaher, still seeing good fall-through. But it won't be probably at the level we saw in '13.
Daniel L. Comas: It should be. I mean, we make -- as I mentioned, our sales and marketing were up 6%, 7% for the year, and we did a good job partially because of the '12 restructuring, actually having our G&A down a little bit. A fair amount of the restructuring in Q4 was also targeting after G&A here in '14. So it probably climbs a little bit given the continued investment in sales and marketing. From a CapEx perspective, we are roughly teed up for kind of a low- to mid-single-digit increase in CapEx, kind of PP&E type CapEx.
Daniel L. Comas: Deane, so we were -- Motion was down mid-single digit in the quarter. Absent the businesses we've exited, it would have been down low-single digit, probably down 1 point or 2. We expect that dynamic to continue here in the first quarter. They're just getting better so we're going to have about a 4- to 5-point hit on growth from the exit of the business, but it should be largely completed -- we have a little bit in Q2, but basically largely completed by the end of Q1.
Daniel L. Comas: Maybe on the margin, Isaac. But it's a 20% segment and while some of the software businesses can carry higher gross margins, they also carry some higher investment levels. I think it's probably more about driving growth there than margin expansion.
Daniel L. Comas: Andrew, the impact in 2013 was really not a lower -- it's not explained by lower M&A activity. It's a little bit of -- I hate to sort of hide behind this, but a little bit of an accounting dynamic. As you know, we sold both our Tools joint venture and about half of our Align shares. We brought in close to $1 billion from those 2 activities. Those things were below the free cash flow line. However, the $175 million -- $150 million of taxes we paid on those gains negatively impacted our free cash flow. So if we didn't have those 2 discrete items, our free cash flow would have been up $100 million year-on-year.
Daniel L. Comas: I mean, I think if you adjusted for that, we'd have close to 120% conversion. Amortization alone gets us 15 points of conversion. So something in that zone would be probably a reasonable guiding estimate here for '14.
