Rainer Blair: Thanks, Dan. Good morning. And why don't I start off with sort of an overview here on how we've laid out the guide and then we can dig into your bioprocessing question in a little more detail. So, our guide for the full year of 2024 on revenue is down low single digits and now let me break that open and talk about the segments. Biotechnology will be down low to mid-single digits and that's different than bioprocessing. So, keep in mind I'm not talking about the Biotechnology segment in its entirety. The guide is down low to mid-single digits. Life Sciences down low single digits and Diagnostics up low single digits. And once again overall, that's then down low single digits. Now at a high level, we actually expect the dynamic to be opposite of 2023 with a slow first half returning to growth in the second half. And now let me talk just a little bit about the assumptions around our guidance. Starting with bioprocessing, which we're guiding to be down low single digits and we think the first half will look a lot like second half of 2023 down mid to high teens coming off of a fourth quarter which showed incrementally improved orders versus Q3. Second half we expect to return to mid to high single-digit growth and we believe by then that the destocking in North America and Western Europe will have largely been completed and of course the comps ease there as well. So importantly for bioprocessing, we think exit rate for the year will be high single digits or better core growth. Now if we look at Life Sciences, we expect Life Sciences to be down low single digits for the guide and we expect a slow start and we should see growth improve here through the second half given some of the comps that we have seen as the normalization, particularly in the instrument business, continues and we've been talking about that for some time and we expect that to continue into 2024 as well. Now if we look at that by end market and see pharma and biotech, stable but at lower levels of demand; and then academic and applied markets holding up comparatively better. Geographically, we see China weak with a slower macro and of course in Life Sciences in particular, we have some prior year comps related to the subsidized loan program there. And then lastly on Life Sciences, we expect developed markets to be relatively consistent with 2023. As we look at Diagnostics, which we are guiding up low single digits, we see no change to the underlying trends, patient volumes have normalized. And in the non-respiratory business, we expect growth of mid-single digits and of course that's offset by lower respiratory revenue, which was $1.9 billion in 2023 and we anticipate that that will be $1.6 billion in 2024. So Dan, that's how the year shapes up by segment and of course then we can now perhaps talk a little bit more detail around bioprocessing.
Rainer Blair: Thanks, Vijay. Well, starting with the activity level here for bioprocessing. We've really seen no change in the activity level, which continues to be along the long-term growth rate that we've been talking about, high single-digits, 10%. And that's what's been important in terms of drawing the inventories down. So and it aligns with how we spoke about the regional developments here. Which Western Europe and North America are drawing down inventories more rapidly than perhaps regions that are more, small biotech, emerging biotech companies such as China. So, the activity level continues to be strong. I mentioned to you during the prepared remarks that we've seen a historic level of both approvals as well as number of projects in the biologic development pipeline. So, we continue to be very confident in a - continued positive development there.
Rainer Blair: Yes Vijay, I mean, I think it's just - it's all going to be mostly a comp issue. The base business, the business outside of, I should say, respiratory continues to do well for Cepheid. All of the other businesses in diagnostics, no real change, to the underlying demand. So it's going to be a comp issue.
Rainer Blair: Sure. Scott China, let me start with this. We continue to believe China is an attractive market in the long-term that is going to be accretive to our overall growth, and the reason for that is that the Chinese government and frankly, the Chinese people are prioritizing, among very few priorities, they're prioritizing healthcare. More broadly, but also more specifically in terms of building their own pharmaceutical industry. With both generic and innovative and biosimilar type drugs. And that process, while it has taken a pause here, or certainly slowed as the funding environment has become more difficult in the short-term, we expect that process to work itself out here in the midterm. Now, for China this year, as it relates to our guide, we're assuming that China will be down high single-digits. Yes, because of the challenging macro. We actually expect that macro to be more challenging than perhaps even what we see in the healthcare market, but we're not planning in that guide, a stimulus from the Chinese government, but more of the same and then of course, the reversing of tough comps here in the second half. So it's going to be a tougher start to the year, as the activity level essentially remains where it has been here in the second half of 2023. Particularly in biotechnology and life sciences, and then as we get through those tougher comps in the first half, we'll see the second half where we're not assuming significantly higher activity levels, but we do see the math then working in our favor. Longer term, we believe the pull and the requirement in China for these innovative and highly effective drugs is intact and that the investment will continue.
Rainer Blair: So, Michael, just to level set then, coming off a Q4, which the life science tools were down mid-single digits, and that was largely consistent with Q3, and we anticipate that this normalization in life science instruments, which really began in the second half of 2023, will continue in 2024. And if we think about it by end market, we do see pharma and biotech stabilizing, but at these lower levels of demand. Just because we believe and saw in the numbers showed here, over the last two years or so, an anomalous level of buying and pulling forward of demand, whether that was China through loan subsidies or whether that was COVID dollars infused for additional research, we expect that normalization to continue here. Also, in the first quarter, where we expect life sciences to be down similarly to the fourth quarter. Now, keep in mind for us, life sciences instruments is only about 10% of the portfolio. So, we may not be a good read across here. Nonetheless, we do think it's going to take some time here in the first quarter, first half, in order for that normalization to occur. But we do believe that it's stabilizing at this lower activity level.
Rainer Blair: And just really just to confirm that we continue to see a trend of more positive conversations of customers returning to normal order patterns, thinking about how they're planning out not only the first, but the second half of the year. So all of these conversations are directionally, we believe, positive and sort of support what we saw also in the sequential improvement, which was partially seasonal certainly, but we also saw some improving order patterns there. So what we're looking for ultimately, and that's what Matt referred to previously, is a broad-based improvement in order patterns, at which point we will update accordingly. But where we sit today, we think that the first half will be slower also related to some of the comps that we talked about and that the positive development, which we've seen here in the past months, will continue and then manifest itself really in the second half where we then exit with high single-digits or better exit rate.
Rainer Blair: We think, our life science instrumentation business will, for the year, be down low single-digits. And that's based really on a softer first half of the year and then slow, but persistent improvement here in the second half of the year. What are some of the drivers of that? Well, first of all, here in the first half, we are looking at some pretty significant comps. You will recall the China loan program in particular in the first half of last year, put us into mid to high-teens growth. And of course, at the current activity levels, that will result in a softer first half here. We also talked about the fact that pharma, biopharma, are constraining their investment a bit more along the lines of just recently having changed out, their installed base, taking advantage of additional dollars available during the pandemic and normalizing here as we get through the first half of the year. If we think geographically, China remains weak and we don't expect that to improve here. If anything, that will be a second half of the year dynamic. So life science is starting to stabilize really at the activity levels of the second half of last year. We expect that to continue through the first and then see gradual improvement here in the second half of the year, also from a comp perspective.
Rainer Blair: So, first of all, Abcam, we couldn't be more pleased than having closed that early here in December. They had a good finish to the year and we are working with the team and we're up and running. And of course, you can imagine the DBS implementation is proceeding, in a focused way where the team is really pulling. So Abcam is on the way. Then as it relates to capital deployment, you heard my comments earlier around our balance sheet optionality, which is strong, we believe, differentiated. And post the Veralto spin, we'll continue, as we always have, to work on deploying that capital to strengthen our portfolio and continue to be active as always.
Matt McGrew: Dan, maybe to just kind of to put some numbers around your question as well. So I think China for the year for bioprocessing, you should probably think about the first quarter being down similar to what we saw in Q2, Q3, and Q4 last year call it north of 40%. And then I think for the full year, I just think even that will still be down kind of mid-teens for bioprocessing in China. That's sort of what we've got dialed in. And as far as the rest of the world, I think we'll be down in the first half and then kind of return to growth here in the second half after we get past the destocking. And I know you asked how much kind of inventory is in China. It's kind of hard to say, Dan. I mean we've got a kind of a moving target, but we've got a good sense that what we will largely be through most of the destocking, particularly in North America and Europe where it was probably the biggest. I think we're going to be through that here in the first half, which then sort of speaks to why we think it gets a little bit better in the second half of the year.
Matt McGrew: Yes, let me give you a little bit of color on how I'm thinking about the guide or how we're thinking about the guide. Maybe start with - this is for bioprocessing. Start with kind of a qualitative overview of what this guide sort of is, right? This guide calls for a slight improvement versus our demonstrated book-to-bill of the last couple quarters. We've been in that kind of 0.8, 0.85 range the last four or five quarters. And we are not calling for an inflection at any point in the year, but we are assuming some modest improvement as we move through the first half into the second half. Like I said before, as we think that North America and Europe destocking is largely behind us after the first half. So, no inflection, sort of just kind of gets a little bit better than where we were. As far as kind of some numbers around that, Dan, maybe start with the backlog. So, we're starting with about a quarter and a half of backlog. That's pretty consistent with where we were in 2018, 2019. So, I think we're back to backlog levels that are, relatively speaking, pretty much in line with history. And then you start with that backlog and add this book-to-bill assumption in there. We are assuming book-to-bills improve slightly, like I said, kind of from the 0.8, 0.85s into the 0.9s. And that those will get a little bit better every quarter, as we build through the year. But we are not assuming book-to-bills go above one in any given quarter. And so that kind of assumes that, we get past the inventory destocking in the first half. The second half gets a little bit better. And that we're kind of exiting here, like I said, the first half will be down mid-teens. Mid-to-high teens for the second half we exit with high single-digits or better without seeing an inflection. And I think maybe, I know that there's been some questions on that second half ramp as well. Maybe just to give people some quantitative numbers on that. So the second half ramp in bioprocess assumed in this guide is about a $250 million year-over-year second half increase. So that's on a, call it a $6.5 billion business. So yes, there is a step up. But I think it's relatively modest on a business with $6 billion to expect that we think we could do a couple hundred million dollars better year-over-year in the second half as we move past the destocking. So hopefully that helps frame the guide a little.
Matt McGrew: Yes, Vijay, it's Matt. Maybe I'll take a first stab at it. So, if we think about kind of the first half here, I think it's probably instructive to sort of remember where we were. If you remember, our base business core growth in Q1 last year was actually up low single-digits. And for the first half of 2023, we were only down kind of low to mid-single-digits in total, right? The second half, we were down mid-teens or high-teens, as everybody remembers. But we do have that comp coming in the first quarter. And so, when you think about year-over-year, that's really the biggest factor. As far as sequential goes, kind of Q4 to Q1, I would tell you that we would, you know, I think we talked about this in January. Our Q3 to Q4 sequential, that's pretty normal. That's a normal Q3 to Q4 step up. I think we attributed that to a normal seasonality when we were out at JPMorgan. And it's very also normal to see Q4 to Q1 step down. So, just maybe some numbers to that. Q4 is usually 27%, 28% of our year, and Q1 is usually 24% and 25% of revenue for the year. So, I mean, it's pretty normal for us to see it. I think we saw it even, in kind of a heyday of '21 to '22, we saw it step down. So, I think there's a normal seasonality. And I think the other big thing to remember is, and it kind of ties into your last question there, Vijay. We are actively trying to continue to destock and get as much of this behind us as we can. And so I think, we've been pretty aggressive with that. We're going to remain aggressive with that. I think you're seeing that hopefully, here in the first half that we are. And back to your kind of no-fees question, it depends is the answer. But rest assured, we are doing what we can to get to the second half of the year.
Matt McGrew: Yes. Yes I mean, maybe the way to think about the OP kind of at a high level Scott, is we ended 2023 with an adjusted operating margin of call of, almost approximately 28.5%, and we think, like you said, it's going to be up 50 bps here in the year. We had $350 million of sort of one-time costs last year, some of that, if I think about what that was and the metrics around it, I would tell you that there's a lot of heads that did come out. And largely that was reflective of the lower volumes that we saw last year, particularly at Cepheid as we went from 70 million tests down to 35 million. We sort of knew there would come a day when we were going to need to pull back some of that capacity, and largely last year we did that. I think you also saw it at some of the other businesses in the second half as well in life sciences and some others that have seen a little bit more difficult growth profiles. I think largely it is heads. There are some rooftops here and there, but I think it's more trying to get after the cost structure to right-size it, for what's going to be a difficult first half, so that we're in a good spot. So, that $350 million of benefit that, would have been about 150 basis points on its own, Scott. But we do have the lower volumes, as you mentioned, in bioprocessing, respiratory, and that basically offset all of it. And so really the cost savings, if you will, from that $350 million that we deployed, is what we're getting and flowing through as the 50 bps of margin expansion. So that should be pretty durable as we go. And hopefully, with a little bit better volume here, and the gross and adjusted operating margins, we have, a little bit of volume is going to go a long way.
Matt McGrew: Yes well, I mean, like I said, it's not a huge number, right? First half to second half, you're talking about $250 million. So we are, I think the visibility, is improving a little bit here as we move into the year, and we expect that it will continue to do so, as we move past the inventory destocking in the first half. And so I think, with the assumption of a ramp, admittedly, but only on - only of a couple hundred million dollars. I just feel like, if we can get past the destocking, be aggressive with that, having a second half ramp that is, $250 million on $6 billion, it's not that steep in reality. And frankly, we constructed the guide to have no real, kind of step up, or inflection either in bioprocessing. It may not happen that way, right? And if it does happen, if we do see something, an inflection that's higher, we obviously will update the guide and update everybody. But we are trying to just lay out how we are thinking about not having an inflection, not calling an inflection. Things are getting a little bit better. They're going to get better through the year. And certainly given the math and the anticipated modest step up, that's how you sort of get to a second half of tight single-digits. Remember, we're also working on a comp of the second half that's going to be down high teens. So, I think that's what gives us sort of the confidence is, we've got a little bit better customer visibility. We think we're going to be behind the destocking, and we've got some comps that will help those numbers.
Matt McGrew: Well, I mean, I think it's a little bit tough. When everybody is going to be, while we are all in the same kind of boat, I think everybody will have a slightly different timing about when we get through sort of the inventory destockings. So, I think part of it is going to be the breadth of our portfolio. Part of it is going to be the geographic mix we have, and part of it is going to be just sort of our customers and where we were kind of heavier or not. So, I think there's a lot that goes into it. So I think, it will be a little bit different for everybody. I think kind of each modality might be different as well. So cell culture media might be different from chromatography and filtration. So, I think all of those things combined sort of, are what we're seeing. I think everybody is going to see it at a different time, and I think you saw that with us in the first half of last year. We were - only down low singles, and I think some other folks were down mid-teens or more, right. So I think, there is going to be a little bit of a lag in timing. Could - to your second question, could we see a V? I mean it's possible, but we did not want to kind of model that in for a lack of a better - we don't have enough confidence right now. We have not seen it in the order book of enough magnitude and duration, to be able to call a turn of a V-shaped recovery. Is it possible? Sure. Anything is possible. But if we see that, we obviously would talk about it. But we're going to exit the year here at high single-digits from a high single-digit plus, frankly, as we exit the year. And if we do better than this forecast that, we have here of in the nines, that will have obviously an impact on - at some point the exit trajectory. I suspect it depends on when it happens. Specifically if it happens earlier, I think it would have an impact. But again, we're not planning for it. When we see it, we will obviously update and let people know. But for this guide, it is - you're trying to be transparent with everybody. That's what we're expecting, or what we're guys planning for.
