Tom Joyce: Scott it’s obviously still pretty early here in October, and I’m sure they are all watching their screens or reading the paper day to day, but I think the simple answer to your question is, no. We’ve seen a start to the October here is pretty consistent with what we’ve seen through the last couple of quarters, but that is certainly not to suggest that this environment unfolds day to day here.  Those screens and those headlines won’t start to influence people’s behavior. Obviously over time we’ve seen that happen, and frankly not that the last week has necessarily been the overwriting influence on us, but concerns over the macroeconomic situation, obviously the changes in currency, the shift and the strengthening of the dollar have all influenced the way we want to position ourselves going in to 2015.  But again going back to the short answer to your question, no, we are not seeing customer panic in the order book at the moment. 
Tom Joyce: Again, I don’t know that there has necessarily been any particular inflexion in the last couple of weeks or phone lines lighting up. But I would say that as the general direction we have seen some increased activity. We have seen I think the sellers interested in taking advantage of what are still some pretty rich valuations. But those same sellers are interested in the transaction.  So I think we would generalize by saying that we are pleased with how the funnels are sitting today, the cultivation conversations are good and we seem to be making progress in some those conversations. So, directionally we feel pretty good about where we are. 
Tom Joyce: I wouldn’t necessarily say we are thinking about any dramatic shifts in that mix, but I would say there are probably a few things to note. I would say we’ve seen and perhaps we’d expect to see some marginal improvement here in the US. I would say while the European environment has been stable quarter-to-quarter, obviously there is a bit of concern out there right now about Germany and some potential slowing there. So as Germany goes as we know, sometimes Europe goes and so I think there is a reason for some caution as it relates to Europe. More recently we have seen softness in Latin America specifically in Brazil, and of course the situation in Russia has changed the trajectory of that market. So I think when you put all of that together, and then you add some continued very good growth in China maybe not quite as high as over a long period of time, but certainly some continued very big growth. I think you see some shifts on the margin, but we’d still consider the high growth market to be the leaders, the developed markets sort of hanging in there. But maybe within each of those two major – that split, you might see some shifts here and there. 
Tom Joyce: So on the Affordable Care Act and the impact on consumables, first of all we are very encouraged by the progress that we are making at that, and I would say largely the progress we are making there and frankly across the entire diagnostic portfolio is very good execution across those businesses and those businesses I think are particularly Radiometer taking share and Leica Biosystems doing very well particularly in advanced staining which is an important area of future growth in one of the better market segments.  We think utilization is probably marginally improved as a function of the Affordable Care Act, and I think there are some out there who would certainly say that the states with Medicaid expansion are the ones where we are seeing that uptake. We are also seeing improvements in the hospital’s balance sheets, with a little bit of pressure taken off the bad debt side. So you kind of put those things together and yeah there’s a marginally improving environment there, but relative to any improvement beyond that right now, I think its probably still a little early to tell, but improvements on the margin.  In terms of life science and in China specifically that’s probably one of the most challenging environment out there today. You’ve heard us talk and perhaps others talk about some of the delays in funding in the life sciences market, some of the concerns around compliance in that market that may be underpinning some of those delays, as China enforces what we believe are ultimately good policies for how that market will operate.  But nevertheless, that is a market that continues to be a slow market today, and we don’t think that’s necessarily a phenomenon that’s going to ease up here in the next couple of weeks, let alone perhaps even in the next couple of months. So I think we are sort of thinking that that could be something that continues to be under some pressure, a slower growth market, maybe into 2015.
Tom Joyce: It’s obviously been a challenging time over a number of quarters, but we are very encouraged by what we’ve seen in the last couple of quarters and the change there. I think that team has executed very well. I think they have done some very good things from a product and from a go-to-market standpoint.  Seeing two data points together is always a good thing to do on the positive side, but I think that’s still a business that will be probably a low-single digit grower here over the near term.  So I would attribute it a little bit more on the execution side that necessarily a fundamental shift to an inflexion point in the market. I mean clearly there are some things going on that will drive market growth over time, but I put a little bit more on the teams execution here more recently.
Tom Joyce: No, we would not consider this to be just a one-off. We would consider it to be just the beginning and early and very positive indication of the market acceptance, and I think its just important to remember that these regulatory approvals are really kind of threshold events for starting to bring this market to an inflexion point of higher growth, and so we are excited by the approval that we got, the AMS approval that I mentioned.  But that’s not as big a deal quite frankly as getting formal US Type approval that I mentioned that we expect next year. So more to come on that, very encouraging early indication of acceptance and it’s I think an indication of good things to come. 
Tom Joyce: Steve I saw several opportunities that businesses had as I came through the strategic reviews that would point towards growth potential in a number of businesses. I think for example, if you think about Gilbarco Veeder-Root, and what we are seeing around the early indications around the customer baser moving towards compliance with the EMV regulations that I mentioned.  I think that’s an indicator of some momentum that we could see later in 2015. I think and you mentioned Beckman Diagnostics specifically. I think that Beckman continues to drive their improvements in quality, in service, in delivery and the overall customer experience, and then you combine that with some of the new product clearances and then the introduction of our molecular diagnostics platform [Barrettes] next year. I think that too has exciting potential for Beckman.  So I think because it would be too outside and there would be a number of others if we walked across the portfolio. 
Tom Joyce: Yeah, I don’t think we want to go Chicken Little on here, but I think we want to be ready for what comes. We’ve done that obviously over a long period of time when the cycles moved through, we try to anticipate where challenges come and we think there’s some indications out there that would be challenges, but we are not trying to call a crisis here. 
Tom Joyce: Steve I probably couldn’t say it any better than you just said it. We are not stuck on percentages and we absolutely moved to where we can add the greatest value for our shareholders by making those portfolio moves that come our way and that we can make happen over time. 
Tom Joyce: First of all it’s important to recognize that there was not motivation behind the partnership with NetScout that had to do with it being tough to buy. We thought that was just a great opportunity not matter what as you might have expected. But we will continue to evaluate the portfolio and make sure that that our businesses are well positioned for the future.  I think we have a tremendous portfolio today. I think going across the strategic plans that I did and not that I saw every operating company during the season but I saw all the major operating companies and certainly all of them from a platform point of view.  And I think there’s just a lot of potential that we have across the entire portfolio today. But that being said, you’ve heard Larry say it over a long period of time that no business has a permanent home at Danaher, and we’ll continue to evaluate whether each of our businesses is well positioned in the portfolio and if we see opportunities for smart partnering or an opportunity where that business is better served to be in a better place, we’ll certainly look to make that happen.  But in general I am thrilled with the portfolio we have today.
Tom Joyce: Jeff I just might add to that, I think if Dan and I went through each of the individual businesses both during the operating reviews earlier or during the strategic plan reviews, it was clear that the businesses were already thinking ahead as to where those opportunities might be and how to take advantage of it.  So we were really pleased with how the businesses looked broadly across the portfolio and came up with really a terrific group of projects. 
Tom Joyce: On the dental consumables Julian, it clearly is a business that is still closely tied to what we think is a fairly slow growth macro environment, and so I think we are doing a good job from an execution standpoint I think, but clearly we don’t have any tailwind from a market standpoint.  So, we’ve got work to do there, but I don’t think there’s anything impressive, any more noteworthy than the environment in which that business is performing today. Dan will comment on the second on kind of an outlook on margins, but you are right to note certainly that it’s a good performance from dental on the margin side in Q3. Dental technologies in particular did a very good job on driving margins, some of that a function of things we did last year around productivity, some of that just continuing good work this year from an execution standpoint, and then a little bit of help overall across the segment from a mix standpoint with consumables despite the slightly slower growth that you commented on, generally providing a pretty good mix for the segment overall.
Tom Joyce: Julian probably important to note here that we are just now entering in to budget season here, so we’ll have work to do with each of the individual operating companies to understand how they are positioning for 2015.  And one of the things we try to make sure we do through that process is to recognize that there’s not a one size fits all across the portfolio when it comes to investment, where those gross margin improvements either come from and/or where they get reinvested. So as we walk across the businesses we will be thoughtful as we’ve always been about making sure that we are investing smartly in to those businesses that have the best opportunities, that they are at the best positions in their market and that’s where you see [less] for example in R&D and in sales and marketing and perhaps some other spots you might see us stay a little tighter. 
Tom Joyce: Sure Rich thanks for the question. Jim Lico and I were together in China, I think its now two or three weeks ago for a number of days, and we’ve sat with each one of our individual businesses, in many case I was sitting with businesses that I was less familiar with.  But clearly I think what we saw was, we saw a very good group of people , an outstanding set of teams that are continuing to build commercial reach in those markets. We are seeing teams now putting innovation related resources on the ground, product planning resources we are adding to our local R&D presence, developing product for that local market and commercializing those product in ways that I think are helping to drive our growth.  And you are right to observe that, that growth is coming fairly broadly across not just for example places where we’ve talked about it in the past like Beckman Diagnostics that continues to do an excellent job. Of course that’s a very big business over there, so that’s obviously part of that growth, but it is broad based.  The dental team for example, an outstanding over there that’s continuing to drive double digit growth and that’s not only good market but the team executing very well. So I think if you put that altogether and it’s a good portfolio, well positioned in a number of good markets with good teams that are continuing to invest aggressively. 
Tom Joyce: Isaac tough to parse what you described as budget delays versus overall demand. But if I were to try and generalize, we know that there has been and continues to be scrutiny over, particularly the larger tenders, the instrumentation related tenders, and whether you call that budgetary or you call it a demand, I am not sure.  Now that being said there is another dimension which is, we are on a macro basis, our investments going at the moment, and clearly we see investments going in to the diagnostics that’s more in the healthcare side of the house, and we are seeing obviously the benefit of that and our business is doing very well there. And perhaps that means slightly less in to the true research side of the house, but I think it’s a little tough to parse that much more precisely.
Dan Comas: Nigel maybe just to add one thing on Europe. As Tom and I went through the strategic reviews here, over the summer and the fall, we actually think on a relative basis Europe’s one of the places we are doing pretty well, and some businesses where we felt we were taking share, a chunk of that was in Europe. Hard not to be worried about all the headlines here in Europe, news about Greece today and their sudden rise again in interest rates, borrowing rates over there. But actually at a relative basis I feel we like we performed pretty well there. 
Dan Comas: Steve its Dan, I think it’s a reflection of our long held view, NetScout’s long held view that there was a lot of increment – and this is a one plus one equals three. It’s a little bit like our tools joint venture, but we think with a greater growth profile, and we just ultimately concluded this was the best way to affect that. 
Dan Comas: Steve it’s not a tax driver here that – but on the margin here the last two or three months and just what we’ve seen in the last four-five months has been encouraging regarding conversations. 
Dan Comas: Jeff on the about where it’s taking place, obviously a lot of communication to do here, so we are going to avoid to get in to specifics. But the 125 million largely, and that over 90% of this will be in the fourth quarter. Broad based, we would expect about a little bit less than a one year pay back.  So on an annualized basis, we expect about a 100 million of savings and roughly $0.10 a share. Probably don’t get all of that until we get to the end of the first quarter, given there’s often some kind of lag effect, but found a lot of good projects here and obviously we made decision to execute upon them. 
Dan Comas: And then Jeff just in terms of deal costs we highlighted some of that in July. I don’t think its changed much clearly loosing the motion business and the earnings in the fourth quarter that’s obviously in the guide here, we continue to work on the integration of the Siemens business that’s going well, but we are spending money on that.  The only thing that could be of significance that we would call it out, if we were to Nobel here in the fourth quarter which was a possibility, we would have some one-time expense which given the magnitude we would call out separately. 
Dan Comas: And Julian in terms of margin, for the full year, and there will be some noise in Q4 obviously because of restructuring but from a core basis, we would expect core margin expansion in that 75-100 basis points core margin improvement during the year. You obviously saw more than that here in the third quarter. It’s a little bit hard for me to kind of quote a number here given the expectation of Nobel coming in, because we will have a lot of noise for a couple of quarters. But ultimately with Nobel what we have we think this is a 20% segment in four to five year from now. 
Dan Comas: That’s directionally correct; I don’t have them to break down. We just debrief with the Beckman team the other day on the integration and its going well and all our expectations are for a Q1 close. 
Dan Comas: I think I would say compared to 90 days ago, initially goes to kind of Rich’s previous question, there are some parts in China that we actually incrementally feel a little better about. But I think to be fair on life science we’d have to say we are incrementally a little bit more negative than we were 90 days ago. 
Dan Comas: We think it’s largely an environment and I think that the thing that’s kind of most encouraging here is we saw orders turn positive in the third quarter for the platform, and that trend actually looks pretty good heading here in to Q4 as well. The issue there is, we often get - some of that orders we actually get upfront payment, you see that in some of the numbers in our cash flow statement, but we actually won’t book revenues for six, nine and 12 months out.  So we are seeing a nice turn in terms of orders. The next couple of quarters are going to be challenged here, I don’t think that’s changed, but I think the outlook’s looking a little better here. 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So you mentioned Ballast water and I guess are there any other businesses may be Beckman perhaps that just from some company specific dynamics should perhaps look better at this time next year versus what they are doing now, just outside of the macro.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right, and from a macro perspective it sounds like this is 3% type of economy. It doesn’t sound like you think even though you highlight the macro challenge that’s out there, it doesn’t sound like you think this is kind of a 1% -2% economy, this is just kind of a stable and steady growth type of environment we are in right now. 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Yeah, and then one last question just on portfolio mix, by buying Nobel and doing this deal for the comps business I would assume this kind of reinforces the view that you guys aren’t particularly stuck in a frame of mind that was a certain percentage from a healthcare and a certain percentage from industrial businesses. You are going to go where the opportunities provide the best strategic and financial returns. 
