Daniel Comas: I think they'll be restructuring through the year, but we're not going to use that gain to offset it.
Daniel Comas: Bob, it does appear that as opposed to closing and we may be having the business for 2 months in this quarter, it's more likely going to -- it could well be towards the end of June, and we won't have much of an impact here in the quarter. We'll come back and update as we get to closing or if we close the end of June, maybe we'll do it in the third week of July with earnings. But it could have some modest impact here in 2011. But given the things that we're working on, we have planned, I don't see that impacting our sort of 2012 outlook her.
Daniel Comas: That's correct, Bob. And given the delay here, that obviously could have some impact on this year, but we don't see that impacting next year at this point.
Daniel Comas: Steve, it's Dan. The build we had at working capital was very consistent with what they've had in sort of prior years than the first quarter. The biggest driver of the year-on-year, on the sub-100%, still 90%, sub-100% conversion was we had a $100 million increase in tax payments year-on-year in the first quarter. Probably have pretty heavy tax payments here in Q2, but then that will flip in the second half. So, I think, from the broader issue on cash flow conversion, I think we're going to have a very strong year, particularly as we get in the second half with likely lower tax payments as compared to the second half a year ago. On the working capital side, as we did last year with double-digit core growth, we had a very modest increase in working capital. And I think if we are in that 6% to 8% range though that could suggest a multi-$100 million increase in working capital, we don't expect that at all. We think it will be -- working capital by the end of the year will be flat to slightly up.
Daniel Comas: And for a number of us, those, our companies over there, we've had a very significant year-on-year increase in feet on the street and sales people over there. So in some cases, where they are seeing some modest slowing, we've got much better coverage. And we think we can kind of grow through that at these sort of rates.
Daniel Comas: Yes, you'll, Mark, operationally, we expect to see these sort of margins for the balance of the year. We will have about $25 million of non-cash expenses related to Esko acquisition that'll bleed out, primarily in Q2, but some in the second half as well. So, the margins we're seeing in Motion, Product ID, the other businesses, Industrial remain quite strong. We're seeing a little bit of inflation, but we're also getting pretty good price, particularly at Motion. And we think, absent some of these non-cash charges, which will bring the reported margin down, the true operating margins we think we can sustain at these levels.
Daniel Comas: Sure. I mean, we clearly -- we had almost 21% in the first quarter. And I think you'll see some modest sequential improvement maybe to 50, 100 basis points over the next couple of quarters in T&M margins as well in part as we partially as we get the benefit of integrating Keithley.
Daniel Comas: Nigel, I think that our previous disclosure of around $1 billion of equity, I think that still stands. We're pleased with the cash flow, very strong with our cash position, which will, hopefully, in the coming days, as we close Pacific Scientific, we'll be north of $2 billion. And that, obviously, will go towards the Beckman acquisition. I think we're still comfortable with equity in that sort of range. In part, we want to give ourselves some latitude here on the M&A side.
Daniel Comas: Rick, I think at this point, we think we'll be in that range. I mean, it was a quirk that everything went right for LSD, both the top line and the mix was very favorable. As you know, a year ago, that segment margins were 7%. So, we doubled it year-on-year. Also, in part because some of the strength we're seeing there, we've ramped up some investments both on the growth side. We've got some clinical studies at both Radiometer and Leica Bio that will cost some money here in the next couple of quarters. There's also some restructuring. So, I think we're very pleased where we are. I'm not sure you'll see movement here, in fact, I think sequentially in Q2, because some of these growth investments in restructuring, sequentially, margins will come down a little bit. Spending will be in sort of the mid-teens range for the full year, but we'll be doing things this year that will hopefully get us another leg up in 2012.
Daniel Comas: Sure, Terry. I think Dental, we continue to see in sort of that mid single-digit rate. Industrial, probably double-digit, 10%, 10% plus.
Daniel Comas: They came in about -- they contributed about $15 million in the quarter. We expect that to be about $60 million for the full year, good ramp up over last year, but they're also doing a fair amount of restructuring which, again, I think will get another step up in 2012.
H. Culp: Steve, we do not envy your challenge today with everybody reporting. On the core growth side, I think, with what we saw in the first quarter, we come in to the second quarter here working against our toughest comp. But I think we're looking at 6% to 8% core in the quarter and, frankly, I think, probably looking at that rate for the year but feeling very good as we get going here in April for sure.
H. Culp: No, I think if you look at where we would expect to be in the second quarter, I think we'll be in that 6% to 8% range. I suspect we'll be at the higher end of that range, given what we see right now. I think, for the full -- for the remaining 3 quarters of the year, I think we'll be in that 6% to 8% range. And even with the 10% of first quarter, we probably could be in that range for the year. I don't think we'll be that muted come year end, but we got a long way to travel. It's still early in the year between now and December.
H. Culp: Sure. Well, I think we -- while we do see some of those inflationary pressures and price was a positive, we nearly had a point of price. And I think that price-cost balance is in a good place, Scott, because as a 50% gross margin business, we don't have a lot of those core commodity exposures that some other folks, obviously, will. I think that with the core growth being better, particularly with some of our newer and/or higher gross margin businesses, that certainly helped. And I think we've just had very good execution from a cost and from the other variables in the gross margin calculation. I'm just, obviously, very pleased with the execution across-the-board in that regard. I think you saw that, really, in all 5 segments.
H. Culp: Scott, I think we're very much in the position that we said we would be when we announced Beckman. Obviously, that transaction is still pending, but we're much in the deal game, not as much we typically would be. But you saw us announce another small acquisition here for water, we're looking at a number of things. We probably are talking about a deal envelope, barring other sources of capital, in the $300 million range for the rest of this year. But I think by and large, we get back into probably the $2 billion range in 2012, which at this point is only 9 months out. So I don't think at this juncture, we're feeling unduly pinched by, obviously, the implications from the Beckman deal.
H. Culp: What Beckman put out earlier this week was an update, I think, really for investors given the delay in their submission to the FDA for the approval or the re-approval of the Troponin test on their 2 major testing platforms. I think we want to respect the company's primacy on commenting on those sorts of matters in great detail, but I think given the work required, they basically wanted to make sure investors and their customers understood that they were going to be submitting to the FDA later than they had initially flagged. I don't think we were wildly surprised by that. There is a lot of work to do in preparing for those submissions. And it's work, obviously, that the company is very focused on. But in terms of the big picture relative to Beckman, I don't think the delay that they have announced is material.
H. Culp: Well, Bob, I think that when we talk about our emerging market product strategy, we really want to play up and down the price point continuum for two reasons. The first thing, of course, the deeper we penetrate those markets, the faster we plug into the underlying growth in those markets. And secondly, the further we go down that price point continuum is, by and large, we really have started at the high-priced-point segment with our western brands. The tougher we make it for local competitors to come up the experienced curve and take that volume into the developed markets. I think when you look at what we've done in building the China businesses and are now really trying to drive in earnest in India and Brazil. We really start not with the high-priced point products and taking their prices down, but really putting together product specifications, building material cost targets and the like, so that we're geared towards meeting that differentiated customer need, at a cost position that allows us to drive margin maintenance and hopefully, we often aim for this, margin expansion. So, I don't believe there is an inherent tradeoff in humming down that price point continuum and your gross margins if the products back and the cost targets are designed upfront with that market reality in mind.
H. Culp: Well , I think with KaVo being up nearly 400 basis points, they would -- they'd argue they earned more of that. Obviously, the growth helps both at KaVo and at Sybron, but I really think, Steve, it's fundamentally the story that you're well aware of and we've told many times in terms of the efforts just to get that cost structure right and to make sure that we're driving growth that's accretive both in terms of our market share positions and our growth in operating margins.
H. Culp: Well, I think that we look at just book-to-bill for T&M. They -- where that matters most, I think, is at Tek, and they had north of 1.0 on a book-to-bill basis, and we were very pleased with that. I think if we look at TEK, we see a very good stream of new products forthcoming, which we're excited about. I mean given the -- our sense of the market, we'd probably have maybe a little more market risk in the wake of the Japan tragedy and T&M than we do some other businesses but, by and large, I'd suspect even with the tough comps that T&M will be one of the lead businesses for us this year relative to our core growth. I'd certainly expect them to be in the double-digit range here in the second quarter and certainly would not rule it out for the full year. They are very well positioned not only at TEK but, frankly, across that segment.
H. Culp: Well, I would say that first of all, we were very pleased with the performance at SCIEX. Really the first full quarter outside of the transition arrangement because we, obviously, anniversaried that deal. So to see the top line performance and the bottom line performance, at SCIEX, was reassuring and they, frankly, they did better than we would have anticipated in part because there has been so much work done, but also they probably had one of the tougher comps given the Japan stimulus of any of our businesses. Clearly, the 56 [TripleTOF 5600] has been impactful. I think we are in the early innings. But that said, there are other things forthcoming, and we're looking forward to being at ASMS in Denver come June and talking about the next wave of innovation at AB SCIEX.
H. Culp: Yes, I think that -- first of all, John, what we saw since the earthquake is just an incredible level of strength, of character, of leadership on the part of our team. I don't think I've ever been more proud of our people, particularly given the circumstances that I have been with our Japan team. What we were flagging, obviously, immediately following the quake, was some concern that we could have some immediate revenue impact. We did not see that. That really didn't materialize in any meaningful way in the quarter. As you know, Japan's year end is March, so it was an important time, and there was real revenue at risk -- thrilled that it didn't materialize. I think what we, like most companies at this point, are trying to sort through, is just what happened as the ramifications from everything that has transpired here, work their way into the Japanese economy. It's less than 5% of sales. It's obviously important, but it's not like it's going to have, I think, a significant impact for us going through the rest of the year, as best we see, it in terms of our sales in Japan. But I would characterize the situation as being a bit fluid at this point. I think our greater concern, again, like most companies is how supply chains come back online during the course of the year. We haven't really baked in anything here relative to negative effects, but it's probably one of the variables in our outlook and certainly getting a lot of management attention because it only takes 1 specialty material. It only takes 1 IC that may come from a Northern Japanese facility, obviously, to ricochet through the -- a particular product line on a global basis. But at this point, I think as each day passes the news in that regard becomes more encouraging. But again, I think it's a dynamic that's getting a tremendous amount of work on this end. And we'll know -- we'll be smarter about things as we go through the course of the year. I don't think we can wholly categorically rule out some risk in that regard as we look out to the last 9 months of the year.
H. Culp: Well, John, I think we're well aware that we can't ship product if we're missing a particular component. I think given the nature of our products and the diversity of our portfolio, the risk that we're talking about here could crop up anywhere. I think what you really have to do and what we're doing, and I get an update on this every 48 hours is you literally have to go to the component level, right? This isn't about Northern Japan. It's not about a particular company or a commodity category. You've got to go to that SKU and understand the current inventory position, where that supplier is relative to their own production capability and verify that. So, we are at that point where we think we have risk, even a potential risk. We are working through sourcing inventory in other locations looking at resourcing options, availing ourselves of all those array of options. I think if you look at what we've been able to do over time in terms of holding on-time delivery in the face of growth, driving margin expansion in good times and in bad, we've got an outstanding procurement materials management team standing up to that test right now. But, again, I think that there's still a lot of work to do to work through our supply base to make sure that we have no disruptions to our customers, let alone our investors as we look through to the rest of 2011.
H. Culp: John, while we don't have a macroeconomist on staff in China, Dan and I did have the opportunity just 2 nights ago to do an in-depth review with the China team. On the back of an outstanding first quarter, despite the very real policy direction that you referenced, our team see nothing but very robust demand across the portfolio. It was striking. Their level of conviction and confidence given the start of the year and what they are hearing from customers. Again, I think we need to be very mindful of the issues that the Chinese Government are trying to bring to the fore. But right now we're very excited about the year we could have in China.
H. Culp: John, just to be clear, what I intended to convey is that the delay here is not something that, in our view, is unanticipated, I think we didn't assume as I think we referenced back in January, that we were planning for perfection here relative to the resubmissions. So the slippage a bit here, as long as they get that application in and it's approved, and again, you go back to their 8-K, their caveats there, but given the planning assumptions that are in place on this end, I think we're still going to be in a very good place.
H. Culp: Deane, thanks for asking because they really had a terrific performance on the back of, I think, of an excellent 2010. I think that there really is no one silver bullet here. In essence, what we referenced in the prepared remarks is very important. These new product introductions have really helped us with design wins. I think that we are doing a much better job, not only investing, but executing on the ground in the emerging markets, particularly in China. But that said, overall, the commercial execution on the part of the Kollmorgen and Thomson teams, Dan and I were just with them as well the other day, I think has dramatically improved vis-a-vis where it was just a few years ago. So, you've got technology, you've got better commercial capability, you've got more emerging market exposure and, obviously, you've got a market dynamic where the tailwinds are strong, put all that together, they're leading the way right now, for us, on the core growth side.
H. Culp: Well, obviously, the comps get tougher for them and I think we'll see their core growth taper a bit as we go through the year. But I would still expect them to be a growth leader for us this year. While they don't have maybe booked backlog per se, Deane, I think as you look at their design wins and their likely shipments, assuming certain build rates on the part of their OEM customers, they're looking at a good 2011.
H. Culp: Yes, I think that's a fair assessment, Deane. Obviously, with a range of 265 to 275, if you dialed in the high end of that core growth range for the year of 6% to 8% with a mid to high 30 ECM, you kind of get to that – you get into that zone. I think, again, I think one of the things we want to make sure we share with folks is that, we had an outstanding first quarter, great start for the year. We are mindful the Japanese risks that are out there, maybe more so on the global supply chain than local sales, but they are both real, still fluid. Clearly, some inflationary pressures out there. And, I think, with all that said, we certainly want to make sure that in a year like this, we are investing ahead both with respect to growth and margin expansion. So we've already begun some of the dialogue here about what are some of the things we might have thought were really 2012 initiative that we might be able to action this year. That's part of what we want to do here, to make sure we've got the latitude, not only to deliver a good 2011, but also continue to build for '12 and '13.
H. Culp: And thanks for bringing Keithley up, Mark, because that is an acquisition, obviously, rather recent perhaps overshadowed by Beckman. That integration, that activity has gone exceptionally well. We're very pleased with the team, their embrace of Tektronix. The opportunities really to partner both from a new product development and technology view, but also in terms of leveraging the Tektronix global channels to help accelerate Keithley sales. Very pleased to have that one on board.
H. Culp: Well, I think that there have been some rules of thumb in the past that would suggest at least in the developed markets that retail spend tracks pretty well with retail margin. But the market has really undergone, I think, a good deal of change over time. Obviously, the emerging markets are far more important there, a bit less sensitive to that regard. The offering that we have given the automation, around the payment POS and card list, has also been a driver that has defied some of the underlying economics. So I think we worry about that dynamic less. But clearly, what we've seen is a real uptick in investment broadly that we think will continue over the next several years. In the short-term though, Nigel, as you know, we had an exceptional year last year in payment, particularly given some of the compliance deadlines. And that's where we're probably facing some of our stiffest headwind here in the second quarter and through the rest of this year, and GVR, looking at the second quarter, just here in the short-term likely is going to be down low double digits in part because of these tougher comps that will bring the core and environmental down to probably a flattish figure, offsetting some good performance in water quality. But long term, I think we see good investment levels around the world and that, combined with these automation requirements, positions GVR very well, let alone, of course, the uptick in environmental concerns at retail.
H. Culp: That's right. When we were together in New York, what we were watching twice daily was just what the implications would be from the disruptions to the infrastructure, let alone customer operations and the like. That news got better virtually every day as we went through March, and they finished pretty much in line with the original expectation, which I thought was simply remarkable. I think at this point, as things evolve, we don't see today tremendous negative headwind there. But I think probably next to some of the specific issues at GVR, we are expressing some caution around the situation on the ground in Japan. But thus far, I think we feel like that's manageable.
H. Culp: There is movement, and that's probably all I should say. I think what you've seen us try to do is avoid being specific given the process that we're going through right now with the authorities that we continue to make progress. But in terms of when we'll able to launch, I think I'm going to defer that to the day we launch. But we're thrilled. I think it's important to recognize that, that product outside of the U.S. continues to be well accepted. We saw another good quarter of placement globally. We're up to nearly 500 instruments installed. That, obviously, really begins to build, I think, an exceptional foundation for the consumable stream as utilization picks up. So, we're very encouraged that we've got the right product. We are going to make sure we address the questions and the needs of the U.S. regulators. And once we do, we'll be ready to go.
H. Culp: Well, I think we're getting better at execution in terms of conception, development and launch. We're obviously spending more money. You see that in the uptick in R&D. I think it's really, in many respects, table stakes in some of these industries and markets that we've entered. What's really hard to segment, Rick, is when we drive growth even with tailwind. How much of that, typically, while we've got this increased vitality, will we attribute to the new products vis-a-vis the improved commercial and go-to-market execution. It's just very hard. I don't think we want to try to internally get into that game. If we're winning, we're winning. We're doing everything we can to do so, to try to parse that for ourselves, let alone for you. I'm not sure that's high value-add.
H. Culp: Sure. I think we feel very good about those things that we can control, both from an innovation and a go-to-market perspective. I think with all the history that's been made in the macros seen in the last 3 months, we're not going to get too far our ahead of ourselves on those calls, but I think we like the positions that we have, and we like the markets that we're in. If the global recovery continues the pace, we're going to be very well placed. We're well-positioned going to '12 and '13.
H. Culp: It should be in that zone. I mean well, obviously -- part of the latitude that we want to make sure we retain through the year is to take that up above plan, above budget, where those opportunities present themselves. And we had a couple of discussions just this week, too, in that direction.
