Tom Joyce: And same to you and to all on the call. Thanks for what might have been a challenging morning for many.
Tom Joyce: And Steve, just to add to that, on the Environmental side, certainly talking to water analytics businesses, those businesses continue to perform exceptionally well. They have covered virtually every debt they've made when it came to some incremental investment to drive topline and share gains. So when those guys come up with an opportunity to put a little bit more at work to drive growth in share, we tend to be supportive of that if we can see our way to cover and form.
Tom Joyce: Steve, on the first point, we have -- in no way, we thrown in the towel on the balance of going after that extra $0.05. We’re continuing to challenge the teams as we always do to try to come back on that. But we’re encouraged by the strong start we've had here coming off of the fourth quarter, encouraged by what we’re seeing in the early stages here of January, so that feels good. But we know the strength of the dollar is a headwind. We’re doing things proactively as we did using the productivity initiatives to get a piece of that back. Siemens is obviously going to help a bit there. And I think we’d also get a little bit of help and that’s part of the $0.05 that we’ve clawed back from what we think would be a maybe a little bit of deflation that could help us on some commodity costs and perhaps some freight and transport top cost. So I think we’ve got a few things that give us confidence in getting the first $0.05 back but we’re continuing to work on the balance per share.
Tom Joyce: I think on the second question about competitively, clearly there has been an impact with the euro on our financial results but competitively we have not seen that impact. We said after the third quarter, we thought we were taking share in Europe. We just posted a mid-single-digit core growth number in Europe. I suspect that’s going to be towards the top of the class here as all companies would report. So despite the stronger dollar, we are performing extremely well in Europe right now.
Tom Joyce: Sure. Well, as I think I mentioned, it was a terrific quarter in the U.S. best since the second quarter of 2011. It was remarkably broad based, Shannon. We saw strength at GVR, saw strength in T&M instruments, the tech and fluid continuing to execute better, saw good sellout associated with the fluid business. The Hach business continues to perform very well with our muni customers, releasing funds associated with projects. And we’re very encouraged by what we saw in Life Sciences with good performance in that platform. So it was a number of businesses that that had a very good finish to the year in the U.S.
Tom Joyce: Yeah. So it’s -- one of my favorite topics, Shannon, in the first week of any January is that we see anything that might cause an air pocket. It looks pretty good from where we sit right now. The early January orders and it is still early, appear pretty good. So we’re encouraged by that and we think we are off to a good start.
Tom Joyce: Sure, Steve. We’re continuing to see very good performance in China. But first of all just broadly across high-growth markets, we clearly have seen a narrowing of the delta that we've seen for a long time between the high-growth markets and developed markets in general. Part of that is a function of some of the strength we've seen in the U.S., certainly our execution in Europe where we gained share in the variety of places. It continues to also support good performance on our side on the developed markets. On the high-growth market side, again helping it to causing a narrowing of that delta, we’ve got a slower position in China in a macro sense. Obviously some weakness in smaller markets where we have less exposure but we see a little bit of impact in places like Russia and Brazil, clearly is in a slower growth mode than it has been in the prior couple of years. Probably, a bright spot in the Middle East with excellent performance from our businesses. But I see, actually we’ve believe a pretty good macro environment there at least at the moment. In China specifically, Steve, we’ve had very good performance across a number of our businesses, the Environmental business, certainly Hach and GVR performing exceptionally well there. Our dental business continues to grow double-digits in China and probably the core weak spots remains the Life Science business. We've talked quite a bit over the last number of months about some of the issues there relative to some scrutiny around tenders, some slowing of the release of funding. But we think there -- that we might think that -- there maybe a point of stability that we’ve reached here and maybe some cause for some improvement here in 2015. Dan was actually just there a week or so ago in China and he may have a couple of thoughts.
Tom Joyce: Jeff, I think, in general, we see some macro strength in the muni market, with some of the situations in a variety of municipalities getting marginally better and that’s allowed some projects to get released. I wouldn't say that’s the whole story though. The Hach business continues to execute exceptionally well, many of their digital marketing initiatives and their expansion of feet on the street, across both the muni market and the Industrial market, I think is help them to continue to gain share. So I think a combination of a marginally improving macro environment is part of the story and share gains being the other part.
Tom Joyce: Jeff, its hart to point anything specific other than last competition from private equity, which is a positive.
Tom Joyce: We saw -- it was relatively broad based, Jeff. Life Sciences executed extremely well. We saw good growth there. Our Dental business, but particularly on the equipment side, the Dental business also executed very well and PID, those would be at least three that I would highlight. If I added a fourth, it would probably be the Beckman Diagnostics business also executing very well. So it was markedly broad, but I wouldn’t necessarily think about that as something indicative of a change in the macro environment in Europe. We saw nothing that would perhaps really indicate that. But instead, we just -- we had some teams that, I think, did an excellent job of some new products and we’re really driving their sales and marketing initiatives very effectively.
Tom Joyce: Brandon, I think, we’re probably most excited about what we see on the equipment side in Dental. The new product innovation, I think, you saw many of those when we were out in California earlier during the year in 2014. The digital initiatives and I think, some of the potential that we have as we integrate the components of the workflow that Nobel Biocare can bring to the table along with what the KaVo, Kerr group of businesses bring. I think that’s really where our optimism sits relative to the U.S. Dental market. On the consumables side, we see it really as a continuing relatively modest growth market. You’ve seen pretty consistent low single-digit growth from us. We do -- we have seen some inventory de-stocking in the latter part of last year that maybe carrying over here in the first part of this year, but generally that our business has continues to perform pretty well and what arguably is kind a slow growth macro environment there. Time will tell us to whether or not some of this reduction in oil prices that will translate to cost of filling up a tank ends up improving overall consumer sentiment and give us a little tailwind there, but, boy, probably too early to tell.
Tom Joyce: That is correct. I mean consistent with our past practice for deals that are over $1 billion, we call out kind of the early charges, large non-cash charges. So we still have a little bit left in Nobel in the first quarter. And I think that will be about $0.02.
Tom Joyce: Scott, if you think about where your question might go specifically , geographically it might go to Europe. And interestingly, we are outperforming in Europe. We think we are taking share in Europe. We saw a broad-based performance across the businesses in Europe. And so no particular concern there. I think teams are clearly looking very selectively market by market. These currency shifts have not been exclusively in Europe. They’ve been in quite a number of markets. Generally we are pretty well positioned in terms of the functional currency that we transact in. But where there are issues, our teams are carefully looking at those situations and we’ll take price very selectively where we need to or compete on price, if it comes to that.
Tom Joyce: Yes, Scott. And again -- where we will get that, in all likelihood will be the 40% of revenues that comes out in the aftermarket.
Tom Joyce: Oh yeah. No that’s absolutely right Scott. That -- Those plans were locked and loaded in the fourth quarter and we are on the street, virtually across the businesses right now with those plans and in the market with those numbers.
Tom Joyce: Scott, we have not changed our internal hurdle rates, that discipline that we've had over a long period of time remains internally around returns for bolt-ons at three years and broad -- and bigger, larger, more adjacent businesses, new businesses over a five year period. That is discipline has been really important to the overall performance that we’ve demonstrated. What we have said is that we want to be thoughtful and cognitive in this environment relative to what might be larger transaction that could have significant strategic value for the corporation, where we might need to take a hard look at those returns and the team here and the board. We support making the right decision strategically for the corporation in the event that those returns maybe not where they we might like them to be. But that’s the bridge we’ll cross when we have that opportunity. And we’ll make the right decision that really drives the long-term strategic competitive advantage of platform or our segment.
Tom Joyce: We are continuing to make those investments, Nigel, in sales and marketing and in R&D as I noted in my opening comments. The good performance on the topline and the good gross margin expansion that we’ve seen has allowed us to continue to invest aggressively in growth initiatives around both new product innovation and go-to market, feet on the street. The share gains, as we noted earlier were pretty broad based. And, yes, they were, in some cases specifically in Europe, couple of the businesses that I mentioned earlier were around our life science platform, our dental equipment business and Product ID, just to name of few.
Tom Joyce: We definitely saw a modestly better Q3 and a definitely better Q4 in terms of equipment. So if you look at our 4%, we were 5% aftermarket in 3, or maybe is a little bit over 3 on the equipment side. And that’s one of the better numbers we posted on equipment and that includes our communications business, which came down mid-teens. So if you adjust for that, our equipment business was probably up more like 4 plus. So we are not quite prepared to kind of call it a trend here, but we are encouraged by what we've seen for last four, five months in terms of our overall equipment orders.
Tom Joyce: No, as you know, a lot of this has been just in the last 30, 45 days, I think it’s a little early to tell but it’s hard not to be a little bit more optimistic.
Tom Joyce: Andrew, we’ve got a long history of moving manufacturing into lower-cost regions. Not all of that has been into China. In some cases, it’s been into Eastern Europe. In some cases, it has been into India and we’ll continue to position our cost structure, I think in a way that is resilient over the long-term. I think we want to be a little careful not to change our supply chain prematurely or in a disruptive way, not knowing kind of what maybe the sustained currency position is ultimately going to be. So, I think the teams are doing exceptional job positioning that footprint well for the long-term. And it’s not all about the individual or the cost of individual region. It’s also about the way we execute in any region. And I think we’ve got a number of examples where our business is where that you might say are in higher cost operating regions. In fact, continued to deliver exceptional profitability and have a real competitive advantage because of their cost structures despite their regional positions. So, I think we feel pretty good about where we are.
Dan Comas: Sure Steve. The Test & Measurement in -- obviously the decline this quarter is lot less than it has been in previous quarter and it is largely driven by the communications business, which was again down mid-teen. So a very high contribution margin business and that volume usually impacting Test & Measurement.
Dan Comas: Environmental, it was pretty clear we were having a very strong quarter both in GVR and across the water businesses. They have a number of growth initiatives and this created an opportunity to accelerate some of that R&D and go-to-market investment here in the fourth quarter. I don’t think it’s -- I don’t think it’s indicative of a trend in all. I think it was an opportunity to get ahead of some things given the strength we saw that began early in the fourth quarter.
Dan Comas: Well, Shannon, generally volatility is kind of a positive for the strong corporate buyer. We’ve seen some of the restrictions being put on private equity here around leverage. That definitely has a favorable impact as well.
Dan Comas: Yes. Steve, just add one or two things. We grew full year in China kind of 8% or 9%. Q4 was a little slower as more like 6%, but I would say the tone there was pretty good. Clearly, Test & Measurement got better through the year, much better second half than first half. As Tom alluded to all the -- most of the healthcare businesses, Environmental -- Environmental was up double-digit, Dental was up double-digit, Diagnostic was up double-digit on a very large revenue base and Industrial which was negative had returned to kind of modest growth as well. Life Sciences was down mid single-digit for the full year kind of in that zone in the fourth quarter, but I think that the tone in early January. I think, in part, because 2015 will be the -- is the fifth year of their current five-year plan and they are fundamentally, I think, so very committed as a country to Life Sciences research, I think the tone is little better there as well. I am not saying, we’re going to bounce back to double-digit growth here in Life Sciences, but would not be at all surprised if we turn positive here in ’15.
Dan Comas: Brandon, it won't have much of an impact. They do have some cost base over there as we -- we also have some cost related to some of our other Healthcare businesses. The offset is we all told. We have about $200 million of revenues in Switzerland, so that will be a benefit. So net-net, neither for Nobel nor the Corporation do we think what’s happened with the Swiss currency. It’s going -- it will be relatively neutral task. That business continues to kind of grow at kind of 2% to 4% clip and that’s been over the last couple of quarters, they were in that zone for Q4 as well.
Dan Comas: Julian, I would say that PID, clearly, the biggest piece of Industrial Tech continues to perform quite well. I don't think they’re really looking for change in that growth trajectory here in 2015. In the first quarter as we highlighted, we think we’ll do 4% or better. Again, we're talking 3% to 4% for the full year. Our internal numbers right now are rolling up around 4% for the first quarter, but as Tom alluded to, we finished Q4 pretty strong and we’re off to a very good start here in the first three weeks of January. We also have some extra days here in the first quarter that should be a benefit as well. I think the offset there are two of those extra days are the Thursday and Friday before Easter, which tends to be kind of slow days. Japan which was a big grower last year ahead of the bad increase we’ll likely be down here in Q1 year-on-year. And as we allude in the call, we expect our tech comp, this will be the last we think really poor quarter for that business similar to what we saw in the second half of 2015. We’re encouraged by what we are seeing in terms of bookings but from shipments we are going to have a tough Q1 as well. But all up, things are looking pretty good out of the gate here or early in the first quarter.
Dan Comas: Scott, they are always in the market place and clearly there are assets out there held in the hands of private equity that we would have some interest in. I wouldn’t say that’s gotten better or worse here recently, those discussions.
Dan Comas: It is our early year. We are very pleased with the way we ended the year in terms of free cash flow. So, I think we would be in the sort of zone here. Again, we have got a benefit in ’14, given our cash tax rate was fair amount lower than our actual provision for the year. It’s probably too early to kind of make a call on that, where we stand right now.
