James Thomas Hill: Thanks, John. We're very pleased with our first quarter performance. We're pleased with the accelerating volume growth, pricing momentum and strong margin expansion across the business. We're seeing growing construction activity in our markets. We have a lot of large projects already booked and more to come. Residential and non-residential construction in our markets is growing. And key states are also rising to the challenge of increasing funding for their highway programs. Meanwhile, we remain completely focused on the execution of the business. Price improvement, lowering costs, margin growth and capital discipline. Our teams all across Vulcan's footprint are doing that. We are very excited about the opportunities we see ahead of us and look forward to sharing the good news with you in the future. And now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
James Thomas Hill: Okay. First of all, as John said, we're on track, if not ahead, I think of our 6% pricing guidance. First quarters are always, as we said, choppy, and so we saw good price increases that stuck in January. We've had very good price increases stick in April. But when you look at the first quarter, it's really not a problem from a mix or headwinds, but it's more -- it wasn't just base and finds, it's also when you have real wet, really cold weather, particularly along the East Coast, you're not shipping to what we call fixed plants, which is your asphalt and concrete customers, which is some of our highest pricing or not very much compared to other jobs. So that's also a mix impact. But if you look at the underlying momentum of what's going in pricing, we have -- it's really going very well and we have a lot of confidence in where we see ourselves at the end of the year.
James Thomas Hill: Yes, it was -- in most places, it was around $1. Texas was higher. It was anywhere from $1 to $2. And that was the range.
James Thomas Hill: I think it's just really hard to do in the first quarter because of what I talk about, the mix effect of fixed plant versus just bid work, and that's really hard to pull out as opposed just base and finds. It's a big piece of where the clean stone goes and how much of it is in there.
James Thomas Hill: Yes, you'll see a number of price increases go into effect midyear. You'll see some in October. And then as we bid work throughout the year, we will raise prices on the bid work. And as all work works off, it will impact pricing.
James Thomas Hill: It's, as you said it best, it's a little bit of everything everywhere. All market segments are increasing. Now the private is moving faster than the public, although we've got very good highway jobs, big jobs in our footprint that we secured and also some very big jobs along the Gulf Coast. But it is absolutely everything and all -- it's everywhere and everything. I think large projects are just a piece of it, a very nice piece, but just a piece of it.
James Thomas Hill: Yes, if you look at the -- if you look at highway, we'd say low single digit. Infrastructure would be low single digit. Residential would be mid- to high double digit, and non-res would be probably mid-double digit.
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think it's 2 things. It's your traditional non-res, which is office buildings, malls, buildings. It's also -- we've seen big growth in very large projects. As I mentioned earlier, the energy projects along the coast, we'll probably ship almost 3 million tons to those projects this year. And they're special to us because of our unique position in Mexico and our ability to supply those jobs via ships in the quantity and in the time that they need to be supplied. So -- and so that's not a 1-year play. We'll see that much volume or more in 2016. Those are also very, very profitable jobs again because of the advantage we have with blue water transportation.
James Thomas Hill: We haven't seen any price decline at this point. There's other drivers on asphalt than just oil. It's a big one. But we have not seen pricing decline in asphalt. Always, lower liquid prices help, but that's -- that changes across our footprint. Remember, we're shipping asphalt -- we're making asphalt everywhere from Texas, all the way up through Northern California. So there's -- while overall, liquid has gone down, we've got some markets where it's not going down nearly as much as it has in others. Overall, though, I think our, at least in the first quarter, our profitability was up. We had good efficiencies in asphalt. We had good pricing. We had some headwinds due to weather, where it was cold. But so far, our -- we're pleased with our performance in the asphalt product line.
James Thomas Hill: I don't think there's any big shift for the reasons we're interested in. There is -- there are some attractive things out there that we work on. We are also very pleased with the integration we've seen of what we picked up in 2014. Those performed well and on plan, even in spite of some seasonality.
James Thomas Hill: Well, let me talk about the first quarter. What we saw there was when it was dry, our shipments were very, very good across our footprint. So there is a lot of pent-up demand. It will, as the weather falls, it will come back to us. It wasn't just -- in the first quarter, it wasn't just cold wet weather, it was prolonged wet weather. And so the times we did have dry weather, everybody showed up and it was there. So we expect it to return sharply.
James Thomas Hill: I think what you're seeing is -- Texas is doing very well, but I think what you're seeing is the Southeast and the Mid-Atlantic states really starting to pick up momentum. This will be a much better year in those markets than 2014 as demand continues to accelerate.
James Thomas Hill: When it comes to mix, as the recovery returns, as we always say this, we'll see a more -- a bigger mix of base and finds, which is a very good thing for us, because overall, it adds to our profitability. But as far as our guidance on price, in spite of mix, we're confident in it. And I would also say that the return of new construction with the demand for base and finds is a very good thing for us.
James Thomas Hill: We -- yes. I guess to answer your question, we don't ship much to the drilling -- to the energy market. When I say the energy markets, I'm talking about the oil patch, where they're drilling, where it's affected by the price of the barrel. So we wouldn't see it. We ship very little to that market. Now when you talk about energy when it's about the jobs along the Gulf Coast, which is the LNG jobs, refinery expansions, we continue to see that go very well. As I mentioned earlier, we'll ship over -- probably around 3 million tons of that for those jobs this year, at least that much next year, and we continue to see a number of those projects be bid and go through construction planning.
James Thomas Hill: Good question. First of all, I'd say that I think our operating folks and our sales folks did a really good job in the downturn of managing inventory, so we're starting from a pretty good place. As we do have some, I wouldn't call it a problem, by any means, but it sure does make your operations run smoother when you have large sales of finds and base. It just balances it out, makes the -- it lowers your -- actually lowers your cost and increase -- because it just increases your efficiencies in the operations. So not a problem with inventories, but it sure will be helpful as the cycle goes along to see those base-and-find jobs come through and go to the bottom line.
James Thomas Hill: No, I don't think I see any big regional -- not that I can think of off the top of my head. I think we're -- like I said, we did a -- we took a lot of pain in the downturn to make sure we didn't have a problem with that, and I think, again, I think our operating people did a really good job of biting the bullet, so to speak, when times were tough to make sure we weren't left with a problem.
James Thomas Hill: First of all, I think, the -- for the acquisitions, and this is not counting the divestitures of the concrete, the acquisitions EBITDA was around $5 million. And I would tell you that that's -- we're pleased with that based on the seasonality we saw and we still had the headwinds of some purchase accounting in those numbers, which hopefully we've worked through most of that. Our guidance on those -- or our outlook on those operations for the full year remains in plan. And I think we're pleased with the integration.
James Thomas Hill: I guess Georgia was all over, but obviously, the biggest market is Atlanta. And it wasn't a matter of how many inches of rain or snow we had, it was days lost due to wet weather. It was how prolonged it was versus the prior year. So it just shut us down longer than before. But I think we had, in Georgia, I think we had, for example, we had 10 more wet-weather days than we did in the prior year.
James Thomas Hill: No, I don't see anything different in those assets. They always take a little time to integrate and, again, we had some seasonality, but I see no reason that they won't perform fairly quickly, or at least over time, as our current assets do.
James Thomas Hill: Well, obviously, I can't -- we can't predict worldwide events that may some catastrophic impact, but just assuming that all of that is neutral, I don't see any big risk. We've obviously got to go get a federal highway extension and a federal highway bill. I think there's very low risk that we -- that funding -- federal funding for highways is going to run out or that Congress will let it slip, in fact, a very low risk with that. But we still have to go get a long-term bill. While states, we saw, as John mentioned, a number of states are upping their funding and we actually see momentum with that, we're very pleased with it, states get nervous when there's not a long-term bill out there and they will start holding multiyear large jobs when they're insecure about the federal government's paying the highway bills.
James Thomas Hill: Price increases, and we say this all the time and as we're not hiding behind it, but it's really true, pricing happens at different times in different markets, when I say that, even submarkets. So the pricing in -- for concrete rock versus asphalt rock in a market may be on different timing depending on the personality of the market. As far as April price increases, we had, as I mentioned earlier, we had price increases in Atlanta that went into effect in April. We had very large price increases in Texas that went into effect April 1. They were from $1 to $2, depending on where you were in Texas. And then we saw some price increases that went into effect in April in Florida. We'll see some more in different market segments in Florida mid-year. And as the year goes along, and as I said earlier, when we bid work, we'll continue to build price increases in that bid work on individual jobs, coupled with as you work off old backlog work, it will also give some momentum to price increases.
James Thomas Hill: Yes, if you -- let's take concrete first. And our pricing in concrete for the quarter on a same-store basis was up almost $7, so we're seeing good momentum in concrete with pricing. And as I talked about earlier, some momentum in not just the aggregates business, but across the entire construction materials segment, so as you see that momentum in concrete, cement, asphalt, and it makes it just that much easier for pricing to flow through with aggregates. So -- and we saw price increases across our footprint on a same-store basis on our concrete product line. When it comes to asphalt with -- you probably won't see a lot of big price increases in asphalt with the impact of liquid. But the profitability in asphalt overall was up sharply, probably over 30% on a unit basis in asphalt. So again, you're seeing the momentum when it comes to profitability and the downstream products, which sets the table for continued price increases on aggregates.
James Thomas Hill: I also think -- you've got to remember, we've got a first quarter in there, which is, as we say, is always choppy. If you look at it on a trailing 12-month basis, it's improving.
James Thomas Hill: The demand in the market is more mature than other markets. It's just further in the cycle. It's actually foreshadowing what will happen across the rest of our markets as demand continues to recover. You've got to remember Texas never had the big fall that some of our other markets had, and then they were early in the recovery. They were bolstered with all the big energy plays. So the demand in Texas and where we are in the cycle is more mature than we are in other markets. So pricing should be ahead there.
James Thomas Hill: No, we're seeing it in line. We're actually -- we're seeing very good momentum in the private construction segment of the market.
James Thomas Hill: The projects -- the places we've seen projects delay because of the lack of a long-term bill are really in Arkansas and Tennessee and just really some large projects that they have. They haven't gone away. They just said we're not going to commit to them and put them out for bid until we have more secure long-term federal funding.
James Thomas Hill: Well, again, we were pleased with our first quarter, and we look forward to the coming quarters and sharing our good news with you. Thank you so much for your interest in Vulcan Materials, and we look forward to talking to you over the coming months. Thank you.
John R. McPherson: Ted, a couple of additional points and color to add, just to build on Tom's comments. I guess the thing we headline most is that we feel very confident of the underlying momentum, and the underlying momentum is obviously more consistent with our annual guidance than it would be the number you would see in just the first quarter. But a few other comments. I think -- and just because you asked, Ted, in comparison to other numbers, and let's just take Martin's number from last week, certainly, that's a very good headline number and we take it as another indication of the improving fundamentals in many of the markets that we serve. It's very hard for us as outsiders to make a true apples-to-apples comparison when you take into account freight impacts and geographic and product mix impacts, the impacts of the TXI acquisition and those kind of things. But that said, I think if we step back, our best guess would be that we're seeing many of the very same things. As Tom noted, our pricing in Texas for the quarter was up 10-plus percent. Our overall pricing outlook for the year, frankly, is roughly in line with Martin's new guidance, even though we don't measure pricing exactly the same way. Our flow-throughs, I think, were very consistent despite the difference in headline price numbers. So when you step back from all that, I would guess or expect that we see very much the same thing. And we, just to reiterate, again, confidence in the full year price outlook we've put out there, confidence in the trends, confidence in the ability to convert incremental shipments and pricing into gross profit and confidence in the longer-term fundamentals beyond just one quarter. What we're seeing in terms of volumes, what we're seeing in terms of price, what we're seeing in terms of margin expansion, all still on trend.
John R. McPherson: And one thing we -- to Tom's point, I mean, it's from a one -- from a first quarter-to-first quarter can be very difficult to make accurate comparisons. The momentum is obviously stronger than the 4%, as you can tell by our full year outlook. I'd also just note that despite the strong reported numbers in terms of shipment growth, we still had, by our estimate, something on the order of 400,000 tons in each of Texas, Georgia and Virginia deferred from Q1 and delayed a quarter due to weather. And a lot of that, as Tom mentioned in his pricing comments, was fixed plant business. So again, that's not abnormal for a first quarter. But given the wet days we had in those markets and given its impact and available construction days, not an insignificant impact in the quarter, both on volumes and, by extension, on pricing.
John R. McPherson: Yes, I think you can subtract the charges from interest expense labeled in the release. It's $221 billion roughly,$218 billion. And then you've got about a $69 million of charges that you could subtract out from that, that would give you this year's interest expense. But just to keep it simple, think about a 6.5% weighted average interest rate on a $2 billion debt portfolio. And so if you think about it for next year, you're looking at about $130 million, if you just take out the, I call it the messiness of this year. And obviously, we'll give guidance around that again as we get to next year. But think about $130 million as a run rate on the $2 billion debt portfolio as it currently stands.
John R. McPherson: Trey, I guess the best answer, because let's not comment on specific quarters in terms of second or third, but we still have plenty of time in the year to recover that demand. And the way we think about it, our customers still have plenty of the time in the year to get that work done.
John R. McPherson: Sure. The way we report pricing is freight-adjusted. And so we take out the -- I think it was net of freight. So instead of reporting gross pricing to the customer, including freight charges that are effectively a pass-through, we report net pricing net of freight expenses to the customer, again, because we think, for us, that's a more accurate depiction of the underlying economics and it's the number we focus on internally as we manage our business. So if rail rates to our customers go up or if we have a broader mix of business that goes by rail or other long-haul transportation, it's not going to affect the net pricing number we report.
John R. McPherson: Just to give the quick walk through, and I'll start. Tom can comment. First, we're obviously going to continue to make the required capital reinvestments back in our franchise. And those protect the long-term health and value of our asset base, and they actually drive many of the productivity benefits you see in our quarterly results quarter-after-quarter. So that, for this year, that $250 million of CapEx, that's obviously a priority. We'll continue to do that in a very, very efficient way. But we're not going to shortchange our core asset base. It's too valuable. Secondly, as we've noted, we're going to maintain our financial strength throughout the cycle. Given the actions we've taken, that shouldn't be a significant use of cash in the foreseeable future. But I would call it out as something we're committed to maintain. Next, on dividends, this is obviously a board-level decision. But it's our expectation that our dividends would continue to grow with earnings, and we think earnings could grow quite quickly during the recovery part of the cycle. But again, that's a board decision that they will take in due course. Then we turn to largely bolt-on M&A, really of the kind you've seen us do in the last 2, 3 years. We think that's a very good use of capital, tends to have very good returns, both on a standalone basis and in terms of its impact on the rest of our business. And so as we find the right assets at the right price, we'll continue to pursue those opportunities. We work through all that and we expect that over time, we will still have some excess cash after all of those other uses. And as stated, we will look to return some portion of that cash in the recovery cycle, if not most of that cash, to investors and through a mix of dividend and share repurchase, but I'd say, primarily, opportunistic share repurchase will be our current thinking.
John R. McPherson: And, Kathryn, well, part of Tom was referring to, and I think you understand this, is that we resisted the temptation. And this is the management team before us deserves credit for this, but we resisted the temptation to build inventory, if you will, to produce the profits as opposed to customer demand during the downturn. And so we've come into this in pretty good shape from an inventory point of view. And I think you see that in our flow-throughs and our incrementals. You see that in our results. So this is more about maintaining balance as we serve rising demand and as production ramps up than it is having any kind of problem.
John R. McPherson: And, Kathryn, that comes out specifically, as Tom mentioned again, in things like our shipments to our key asphalt customers, key fixed plan asphalt customers in the quarter, which are, I'm going to call it, were 400,000-plus tons, if I recall, below plan for the quarter. And that's kind of booked jobs, booked business, so you feel confident calling it out as something that -- our customers weren't able to do the work to get the crews out and so we deferred our shipment to them. Again, it's a lot of asphalt -- yes, a lot of asphalt business and some fixed plan concrete business, but primarily asphalt businesses around Atlanta.
John R. McPherson: The only other one that I think we've talked about internally that jumps out, I'm just kind of thinking this was a good question, is Texas longer-term, with the decline in oil prices and we, of course, monitor it like anybody else. We haven't seen any impact yet, I think it's fair to say, particularly in our business, and you can see that in our Texas shipments this quarter despite a wet quarter in Texas. But that's one that obviously we, like other people, will continue to monitor just to see if that creates any dislocations.
John R. McPherson: And, Jerry, if you step back and think about our -- just our portfolio longer-term, building on Tom's remarks, our asphalt business has earned quite good returns on capital through the cycle. Material margins period-to-period can be volatile, but through a cycle, earn pretty good returns. In concrete, what we have left, the concrete businesses we continue to own, are doing well and earn good returns for us.
John R. McPherson: I think if you look at it on a same-store basis, the incremental gross margins continue to improve. So I think the key for you is probably look at it on a same-store basis to get an accurate read on the numbers. But if anything, we would expect our unit margins at our aggregates segment to continue to expand.
