Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom and good morning to everyone. In 2019, our Aggregates volume growth reflected the solid underlying demand fundamentals in our market, including growth in population, households and jobs. That is two to three times that of other markets over the next 10 years.  Shipments in certain markets in the Southeast, Mid Atlantic and Texas were particularly strong. Average sales prices in Aggregates increased and higher prices were widespread, with all major markets reporting improvement. For the full year our costs were up 4%, contributing to a 48% same-store aggregates flow through rate. As Tom mentioned, there were several factors that affected this rate, particularly in the fourth quarter. Our segment gross profit increased by 16%. This continued progression underpins our ability to deliver attractive earnings growth. SAG expenses while higher in absolute dollar terms decreased as a percentage of total revenues. Moving on now to the balance sheet, cash flows and return on investment. We made progress in each of these areas. Our balance sheet structure remains strong, with a weighted average debt maturity of 14 years, and a weighted average interest rate of 4.4%. Leverage was reduced from 2.6 to 2.2 times, well within our target range. We generated $820 million of discretionary cash flow and we followed our capital allocation priorities to determine the most shareholder returns enhancing use of that cash. In 2019, this included investments and attractive growth opportunities, as well as return of cash through dividends and share repurchases. And as a result, our return on invested capital improved by 130 basis points on an adjusted EBITDA basis. I'll move on now from 2019 to 2020. Tom has already covered the operational aspects of our segment guidance, so I'll comment on a few other points. SAG expenses are forecast to be approximate $365 million in 2020. This represents a reduction in absolute dollars, as well as the reduction in the ratio of expense to revenue. We already have taken steps to ensure we are efficiently leveraging our overhead. We anticipate that interest expense will approximate $125 million and that depreciation depletion, accretion and amortization will approximate $385 million in 2020. And our effective tax rate -- our effective tax rate will be approximately 20%. The combination of these assumptions lead us to an adjusted EBITDA range of $1.385 billion to $1.485 billion for 2020. The midpoint of this range represents a 13% increase as compared to 2019. Moving onto our cash flow expectations. Remember that our business is an inherently cash generative one, and 2020 will be no exception. We anticipate discretionary cash flow of approximately $800 million. As you model our cash flows, I'll share some thoughts to help you fill in the blanks. As guideposts, we will continue to adhere to our unchanged capital allocation priorities in directing our uses of cash, and we will stay within our target leverage range. We expect the cash interest expense of $120 million, operating and maintenance CapEx of $275 million and finally, cash taxes of $180 million. The discretionary uses of our cash involved returns to shareholders, internal growth capital in acquisitions. Let me cover each one of those. First, we expect to maintain a progressive dividend, generally growing it in line with earnings to a level that is fully sustainable through the cycle.  Second, we expect to spend approximately $200 million on growth CapEx for projects that are already largely underway, as we did not spend the full amount of growth capital we projected in 2019. These projects include the opening of a new quarry in California, capacity expansion at other quarries, as well as improvements to our logistics and distribution network and sales yards. And third, we will continue our disciplined evaluation of acquisition opportunities as they arise, only investing in those which fit our strategy and offer superior returns and synergies. And last, we will continuously evaluate the use of opportunistic share repurchases as a means to return excess cash to shareholders. And now I'll turn the call back over to Tom for closing remarks.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. Sure. I'm happy to do that. And good morning to you. The SAG area, which is predominantly corporate and administrative type costs, is an area where we are continually focusing our attention. If you look at the fourth quarter and you look at full year of 2019, while the absolute dollar amount is higher, we did reduce it as a -- cost as a percentage of revenue and that's something that we had been really focused on as part of our budgeting process. And as we move into 2020 I mean, look, we want to make sure that we are delivering the appropriate services to our operational folks. And we have looked across the footprint, particularly in those corporate and admin functions for ways to be more efficient and effective in delivering those important services to people, and sometimes that is just finding more efficient ways to do things. Sometimes, it's using technology. You just use a number of things at your disposal to try to effect some change. So, you'll see those efforts which have already begun some -- some are completed as we speak. You'll see that reflected in the 2020 guidance and we are absolutely driving toward not just a reduction of those cost as a percentage of revenue, but also a reduction in the absolute dollar amount, and we have plans in place to do that.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, good morning. That's a good question. I'll just start off with a gentle reminder about the tough comp that we had year-over-year in fourth quarter, and then Tom can address some more specific comments. If we look at the fourth quarter of 2018 from the revenue perspective, it was just a really strong quarter. We had an 8% growth in volume, which led to a 24% in aggregates gross profit. So, I think with the volume increase of about 4% in the quarter this year, I mean, frankly, that's -- I think that's pretty decent growth. It's well within our guidance range that we set forward at the beginning of the year and coming off. So, very good fourth quarter we had last year, I'm not completely surprised by that.
Suzanne Wood: Particularly as some of the projects are larger than they had been in the past. The larger the project that just adds a degree of complexity to the process.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. I will comment first and then I'm sure Tom will have a follow-up comment. I'm -- I can't say I'm quite sure about your math on the $60 million, but with respect to the 60% that is -- we say this often that is a long-term average, you're going to have some quarters and some years when you hit it some quarters, you're below it. We have had a couple of years where we were just above that. In fact, if you just look at 2019 for the trailing 12-month period ended in September we were right at 60%. So I think when you look at the flow through for this year it really does revolve around those three items that Tom called out, had it not been for those we would have been much closer to that number. And some of those were timing and mix related and to the extent it’s timing and mix related, you won't have that pressure into 2020.
Suzanne Wood: The other thing -- I'm sorry, I was just going to add. I think the other thing for us is -- the real question is we look through some of these fourth quarter cost is, is there something there that is indicative of a significant shift in the cost performance of the company, is something going on there that has materially changed the cost structure of the company. And that to me would be the real important sort of carry forward question into 2020. And again, as we go back through those items, our view internally as we've talked a lot about them is, no that there isn't something that is a significant change in the cost structure of the company. And for that reason, even though there can be some volatility in it between quarters or years, we, on the long-term basis, guide back to a trailing 12 of 60%.
Suzanne Wood: That's right. And that's a very similar approach to what we took at the beginning of 2019 when we gave the volume guidance then, a range of 3% to 5%. And luckily and happily we wound up being ahead of that for the year. But Tom is right, it really comes down to what happens with the timing, it's shipments and weather as to whether you're at the lower end or the higher end. And as Tom said, we'll continue to watch with interest how residential -- how those starts, continue to improve throughout the year.
Suzanne Wood: Sure. And the main reason for the reduction in cash taxes through the year was that as we started the year. We have not made a determination as to whether we were going to take advantage of the bonus depreciation or not that's a calculation that we have to go through each year because there is some interplay between it and depletion allowance that we get, when we file our tax returns as well as some other things. So, there is an actual -- while it might seem obvious, you would want to take advantage of the bonus depreciation there is actually a calculation that you need to go to ensure you are selecting the calculation methodology that gives you the most tax benefit. So, we started out the year under one assumption. We determined in the second quarter and called this out at the time that we were indeed going to take the bonus depreciation, that resulted in for 2019 us paying quite a bit less tax than we had initially intended and the estimated -- the cash tax rate was between 7% and 8%. As we start off in 2020, we are guiding to an effective tax rate of 20%, we will go through the same process again and make a determination as to what depreciation methodology we're going to use. So, there is some chance the cash tax may be lower. But we will -- we'll work through that process in a similar fashion that we use this year. Even under the -- even under the assumption of having higher cash taxes in 2020 as compared to 2019, I just point out, we still would throw off about $800 million of discretionary cash flow. So very healthy, very substantial and that $800 million could be put on a discretionary basis toward growth projects, potentially M&A, if something comes along that meets all the criteria that Tom outlined, your dividends and share repurchases.
Suzanne Wood: The repairs and maintenance, is that what you're asking about -- the connection was a little poor -- I just couldn't hear. I'm sorry.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. I think we can. As I said, this is a matter of what's driving that cost reduction year-over-year or the changes we talked about. Some of that is being more efficient in the way we do things. So, it's not like -- it's a variable kind of expense. It's more what I would call on the fixed side that we are making some changes and so, I think that that would be sustainable, yes.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Suzanne. Now before we go to Q&A, I want to take this opportunity to thank the men and women of Vulcan Materials for their hard work and their dedication. They have taken good care of our customers and have improved our business processes and disciplines. Importantly, they promoted our strong safety culture and are responsible for delivering our industry leading safety metrics. As we move forward, we will continue to capitalize on our strengths, our aggregates focused business, our outstanding geographic footprint and our local execution capabilities. We will also remain focus on compounding our unit margins through the cycle and improving our return on invested capital. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Tom Hill: Sure. If you look at the fourth quarter, the average cost or unit profitability was, as I said, was impacted by three unique items. And pretty much equally, all three of those items are somewhat of accommodation of mix and timing. The first one is a large clean fill project, which we will we take dirt in the quarry for tipping fee. The job was temporarily stopped, but it will start back up in 2020. So, we'll see that again, we'll get that back. The second item was really geographic mix. It was increased volumes to remote distribution rail yards on the Gulf Coast, which is a good thing. It just comes at a higher cost, with the simple reason that you experienced not only the quarry costs, but also the yard costs. And you couple that with -- we had a little bit lower volumes in the Mid Atlantic states really due to the timing of work. And then the third item was increased equipment maintenance cost is really driven by our equipment inspection efforts as part of our operational excellence efforts, which we kicked off in February last year. And this is really to prevent catastrophic equipment failure. It improves operating efficiencies and actually improves customer service. And while the costs were higher in Q3 and Q4, because of these efforts, our long-term focus on maintenance is just the right decision for the company. Now, those efforts will benefit us later this year. As over time, it improves cost by helping to eliminate expensive failure costs and really the expense of downtime. And I would expect some of these costs to continue for a bit into 2020. But all that's built into our full year 2020 guidance, and I got to tell you I'm very pleased. This takes a lot of work and a lot of effort and I please will operators performance here.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I would add to that. The 2% to 4% growth in 2020, I think is our -- trying to be thoughtful about taking everything into account, demand, timing of shipments whether comparing it to 2019. So, remember that this -- that we saw a little bit slower starts and leading indicators on the private side and in the third quarter kind of July to October, that has now picked up and picked up dramatically. And it could flow through a part of 2020 as a short low or it could just -- what we're seeing right now to look through it, we just don't know quite know yet. On the highway side, funding is up, demands is up. And public works for the first time, non-highway public works picking up. Still, there's quite a bit of unknowns about -- again about how fast DOTs can get jobs let and to work. The funding is there, but it has to be about timing, I think. We are also not going to have -- as Suzanne said, we're not going to have a first quarter 2019. Last year we had a windfall, we were 13% as we had pulled forward from the prior year. And then 2019, we didn't have any hurricanes or tropical storms that impacted us in any material way. I think the 2% to 4% volume growth in our guidance is a thoughtful approach as we pull all those factors together. I would point out in all of this, that we will see growth in all four end markets and the one that's coming on, and we're pleased to see is that the non-highway infrastructure pieces is now rolling.
Tom Hill: I think as always, it's going to be timing related. It'll be -- the -- we will have ebbs and flows with that, but the -- it will be timing of weather and timing of large projects.
Tom Hill: Yeah. So, it was -- in the fourth quarter, the rail work was really widespread, and it was really more timing. We're pleased with it. It's good work. It just comes at a higher cost. But it was across the board. I mean, it was Texas. It was the Mississippi, Louisiana/assuming Panhandle, out -- South Alabama, even into Florida. We really just had -- just had a good solid fourth quarter and weather helped it.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I would describe it is very similar -- 2020 will be very similar 2019. We're continuing to see solid price improvements at this point in 2020. We are very confident and guided that 4% to 6% price improvement for the year. Our bid work, our backlogs would support this, and our discussions with our fixed plant customers would support this kind of pricing momentum. Again -- and we’ve always pointed this out, but we're doing again, it's really underpinned by that visibility of the rapidly growing highway work. And a solid -- we think a solid performance will be seen in growth in the private side. And then again, now we're starting to see growth in the non-highway infrastructure. Whilst it's the smallest piece of it, it's healthy. And I would tell you that we're going to see price increases across. It's really widespread. It’s across every one of our markets.
Tom Hill: Obviously, we're not going to give guidance past 2020, but I -- you saw it in 2019, you're going to see it in 2020. I think the -- again, we've got long-term substantial highway funding coming and that visibility will continue to grow. So that just supports the kind of pricing we're singing. 
Tom Hill: Yeah, well, I think -- and as far as asphalt is concerned, we're guiding to not our product lines being up 10% to 15%. Asphalt prices and unit margins are going to drive the big improvement that asphalt. We would expect gross profit in asphalt to be up double-digit. That would be probably a slight improvement -- flat to a slight improvement in liquid costs. I think the good news is that the good highway work where we experienced the big funds and the timing of that line up with our asphalt business. So the story in asphalt I think is this is we said we -- all last year we would catch and bypass liquid prices, liquid cost to improve unit margins. You saw this happen in the fourth quarter, more to come.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I would describe it this way. I think at this point, where we are in the year right now, we would expect highway demand at this point be up, predict low single digit. Now that could move to mid single digit depending on the timing of large projects and really state's ability to get work let and get work started. As I said earlier for asphalt, the good news is states where we have asphalt probably have the strongest demand going into 2020, Texas, California, Virginia, Florida, Tennessee. But if the flip side of that is places like Georgia and South Carolina, they struggled at the end of last year to get work -- to get fundings let and work started. If you look at Georgia, we are still shipping three mega projects in Georgia. So that's helping, but I would tell you that highway awards data starts have been a little slower, but then again lettings -- they do ebb and flow, they come and go. All that said, I think that single digit -- that low single digit could turn quickly to push us to mid single digit. You got Georgia in the second half of 2019 where lettings were slow, now Georgia in the first half of 2020 is going to let $1 billion worth of work. Texas is looking to double their lettings going into 2021, that's already healthy. It's at $7.214 billion. California, we'd expect fund spending to up some 13%, embedded in that is a 25% increase in maintenance funding and that maintenance funding could go very fast. All-in-all, we'll experience growth in highways in 2020 and for years to come. And as -- I will give you a reminder that highway starts right now while they've been maybe a little bit slower or 20% versus where they were two years ago. So, it's growing. It's just how fast in the states get it to work.
Tom Hill: Yeah. They -- we got delayed two places. It was timing of big projects in Virginia. And then it was both weather and fires in Northern California where we got hit with -- on the volume piece of this. I would expect volumes in concrete in 2020 up mid single digit and recovering in both those markets. I would expect prices up probably mid single digit and I would expect unit margins in concrete up double-digits.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I don't think it's external factors outside of the DOTs. It's really them being able to -- they got huge slug of funding, they got to mature into that and then they are going to have -- you got to get it estimated, permitted, let -- you got engineering that goes into this, a lot work for those DOTs, put projects out, while everybody has the pressures of workers and employment at -- this is not what's holding up the lettings, it is just -- it’s holding up the states, it’s just their ability to get that work planned and out and let and put to work.
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think, fundamentally, this is not an inflationary issue. It's more about timing. We talked about the remote distribution, that's a good -- that's really good, because it's more volume for us. The fill work will come in 2020. As far as what we did in Q3 and Q4 was stripping and preventive maintenance. I think those are just got that operating disciplines. First of all, the stripping is an investment and in pits. While it's cost -- it's a one time thing for a while as you develop pits and get ready for future volumes which we think are going to grow. On the maintenance side, it's really about -- we want to control our equipment, don't have the equipment control you and make sure you do in a timely manner. Let me just give you like a real life example of that. If you were to take a seven-foot cone crusher down, due to oil samples, it cost you $50,000. If you wait till it failed, it cost you $150,000 and that's just the tip of the iceberg cost because now you're taking the plant down which is very expensive. And if you look at underneath that where we are from really important metrics like tons per hour to a plant downtime or tons per man hour, you are seeing improvement. It's an investment. We started February with investment in our people operations -- through this operational excellence program, allows us to maximize the long-term efficiency of operations. And I’d tell you that I'm confidence that these efforts will improve our profitability of the company. And I think we our folks have taken those into account as they created their plan and their guidance for 2020.
Tom Hill: No, I think it would you -- residential has a good mix of both base and clean stone. I think it would flow through like everything else. Although -- and that is something we'd love to see. So, we got our fingers crossed, but I wouldn't expect any big price mix change or unit margins mix change.
Tom Hill: Well, I think as we do that -- we talked about same-store and same-store in 2018 finished 65%. 2019 was -- so we have years that are up, we have years below. I think as you look at it -- and I would point out to you the same-store -- and you could have times when it's higher, you're going to have times when it’s lower, will guide you back to the 60%.
Tom Hill: Yeah. As always we've some projects both large and small that we're working. Again, as we always tell you its discipline. Everything does not fit us. It's got to be unique to have synergies for us, have the discipline that if it's too expensive won't be able to walk away from it. And really importantly is once you get it, make sure you integrate it very fast and very accurately. So, we've got a number of them working. We'll just -- again all of them don't fit us, so we'll be picky about what we buy. 
Tom Hill: There are -- it's both. It's both -- some large ones and some small ones. I don't think there's any mega ones out there, but I would -- this full gambit.
Tom Hill: I think what -- we would guide you to that -- this is that I think you may see a little bit more of this in the first few months of the year. And then, I would expect it to level off to meet the guidance that we've given you. And I would call that out is both some stripping and some repair and maintenance, but I think we're confident as we look at our hand for the full year guidance of how that flows through -- our cost flows through for the year.
Tom Hill: I think what we saw in -- the mix that we saw in the quarter was a little bit of geographic and a little bit of product mix. As we called out, I think was that for the year our performance was right in line with guidance. The full year was 5.5, mix adjusted 4.8, and it was in the impact of asphalt size is it really driven by highway work. Geographic mix, a little bit higher volumes on the Gulf Coast and the Southeast.
Tom Hill: Yeah. Good question. I would expect -- first of all, you have got a really tough comp in Q1, because volumes last year were up 13% and it was really that you had the pull forward from 2018 into 2019. And other than that I would call it one of timing of large projects and timing of weather and we also had a very -- the weather in the first quarter of last year was -- with exception of California was quite good. So -- and you guys can look outside and see what's happening right now with the weather in first quarter this year. So, all-in-all, I think it's timing of weather in large projects.
Tom Hill: Yeah. So -- yeah, we're shipping a lot of big projects right now. We called out three in Georgia. We've got a number of different places. I believe it's going to be how fast the highways can get the jobs let and to work.
Tom Hill: And we talked about that a little bit where there was fast and we were slow what we call it out with Georgia and South Carolina, which slot. The second half of last year's lettings which flow into 2020 and slow, but the first half of this year they've got huge letting. So, we'll see -- how fast the work get started.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I think what we see is real strength in unit margin improvement in asphalt and up double-digit. We're calling for liquid being flat to slightly down. And our volumes are just up slightly. And the -- that again will be determined by the timing of this DOT work and how fast it gets started. You got to remember we had two -- we had big projects in asphalt in Tennessee and we had the big 202 project in Arizona, which neither one of those were repeating going into 2020. So, they were windfalls in 2019, they are not going to repeat, even with that we're seeing slight improvements in volume and so that get much bigger -- they'll have to accelerate work is in some of the lettings that I talked about.
Tom Hill: The thing I'm encouraged about -- I said in asphalt is -- you saw those margins turn in the fourth quarter, we have been predicting that kind of chasing that through the year 2019, now we see -- we carry that momentum into 2020.
Tom Hill: But I think -- importantly with that we're going to manage what -- a number of what happens the last fall, we're going to manage that unit margin in asphalt appropriately. So, the liquid prices fall, we'll see that accretive to unit margins. And like I said the good news is -- we call it and keep growing it and I think we'll see that as we continue to perform in 2020.
Tom Hill: Okay. I would point out this way. In general, the rail tons is just going to be a little lower margins where -- and that's -- and higher price, higher costs, a little bit lower margins, but very good margins. So, it's good work. I mean, the volume being up is a good thing. I would point out that in contrast, the blue water tonnage is much higher margins, it would be higher price, higher cost and higher margins than the whole. So --- and what we saw in the quarter was just a timing of good work along the rail that happened to ship at a higher rate.
Tom Hill: A simple thing with quarry cost versus rail distribution, you have rail distribution plus the quarry costs which just comes at a higher price and a higher cost.
Tom Hill: I think -- I would tell you is probably going to be mostly volume. I go back to timing of shipments, I go back to do we get -- do you get hit with the tropical storm or two or three. Those would be the big variables, so I think between the high end and the low end and how it lines up would be the delta.
Tom Hill: Yeah. We talked about the cadence and highway lettings, and some that they have been slow and now coming on strong and the timing of it, I wouldn't think the election year would have any impact on state DOT lettings and the least I don't think it's going to have -- it won't -- for sure will have any an impact on the FAST Act or funding from the Feds. I think people in Washington are working hard towards the highway bill, a lot of progress made on that both on the build side and the funding. I don't expect to get a highway bill in 2020. At the same time, when the FAST Act expires, I don't expect any of that funding to go down, we'll just do an extension. So, I don't see a big impact on it. I don't see any impact on state DOT lettings due to this being election year.
Tom Hill: Yeah. If anything -- I think the four strategic initiatives, including the operations excellence initiative are giving me more and more confidence in our ability to get to the $9 that we planned. I think that our operator -- if you look -- if you were to look beneath the surface in our operations, while the headline is higher stripping and repair and maintenance costs. Behind that, I think you're doing the right things in the investing in the business for the long-term. Really importantly though is you're starting to see the key operating parameters which we measure things like tons per hour throughput through individual plants, downtime individual plants, tons per man hour individual plants, we're starting to see improvement. I think we are teaching our young people the right things to do. We are leveraging the collective knowledge and experience of Vulcan across 350 plants. So, while we see some headline things, the ultimate work that goes into this from those initiatives is starting to gel. The commercial excellence initiatives is mature. It is working, and we're very pleased with our progress there.
Tom Hill: Well, first of all, for Vulcan internally, I don't think we see any bottlenecks we can handle it. We love to see it grow as much as it could, and we will be there both from an aggregate prospective and asphalt prospective or concrete perspective. On -- as far as if lettings were to increase dramatically, I think what you see is the work would happen. The big bottleneck as always the people ask about is labor and all the labor shortages, to answer that question is, yes. I don't think it's going to hold up work, but I think it will hold up is ability to catch up once work is delayed. So, if you had a month in the wintertime, which was all rain and really cold trying to catch that up or if you had a big tropical storm come through, it's going to take you a little longer to catch it up just because they don't have the firepower to do it fast. That's how I would describe it.
Tom Hill: I think that -- I think when it comes to volume, as I've said we tried to pull all of those factors and as comparing last year the pull through, the weather aspect of it, a little bit of a air pocket and leading indicators in the rail side and the timings of highway lettings and state's ability to get that work and when we pull all that together and the upside potential, the risk piece of it, that's what we got -- we try to be thoughtful about the 2% to 4%.
Tom Hill: I think -- I would describe this. I think when we looked at the 4% to 6% is best we can. If you take the mix of products of -- when I say mix both geographic and product mix together. I think we have seen good improvement in base in our backlogs. We've seen good improvement in clean stone in our backlogs and our booking pace right now as we look at it both in price and in volume will support our guidance.
Tom Hill: Well, we -- we can't give Q1 guidance. I think as we said we are comping over a year in the first quarter of 2019 with -- which was very good weather and we had the windfall of pull forward of 13% volume from the year before. I don't think you'll see that pull through. You guys can look outside, know what the weather is doing in the fourth -- in the first quarter. So, again, we're halfway through it, we'll just have to wait and see.
Tom Hill: Sure. I would describe California this way, I think that the -- well, let me start with Texas. The public side is very strong. The TxDOT has done an excellent job of lettings and getting work out. There is big work -- there is shipping right now, there's big work on the horizon. And as we said next year they're going to go from a wow factor of $7 billion to $14 billion. On the private side, I would describe North Texas is being driven by non-res. I'd say res is fairly flat with some exceptions, some big development North Fort Worth. South Texas housing strong, non-res, a little bit soft. Coastal Texas everything strong. And you could see some LNG work start on Coastal Texas in the second half of 2020, a little bit going now. California, Northern Cal public is very strong both for aggregates and asphalt. Private side looks good, maybe a bit flat in the Bay. Non-res is a bit soft, but leading indicators were improving. Publics on Southern California, again public very strong, highway strong, non-highway is strong. On single private -- in Southern California, probably a little bit of a watch for us with leading indicators a bit, were a bit softer in the last three months of indicators, were up over 20%. So, all-in-all, I think pretty healthy growth in both states. And I would tell you that I would expect good margin improvements -- unit margin improvements in both locations, both in aggregates and in asphalt.
Tom Hill: Yeah. So it's, in Frisco, we're not -- it probably won't open until beginning of next year -- first or second quarter of next year. Size, we're not going to actually disclose that at this point. We have a closer to -- we will talk about those things. It's been a very good market. It was taken us some 10 plus years to get this done. The team has worked very hard, and now they're working hard to build it out into a market that is -- it is very healthy and quite profitable.
Tom Hill: I wouldn't expect -- the rail happen to be a timing issue of big shipments in the fourth quarter. And I would not expect -- I think we've got those -- the volumes that we do out of those that rail distribution network embedded in our 2020 guidance, and I would see very little impact.
Tom Hill: Well, thank you for your interest and support to Vulcan Materials. We've enjoyed talking to you today. As you can tell, Suzanne and I are very excited about 2020. And we look forward to sharing the team's news of how we continue to make progress toward our longer term goals of $9 a ton, cash gross profit per ton. We'll talk to you throughout the months to come. Thanks.
