James Hill: Thank you, Suzanne. Before we go to Q&A, I want to comment on a supply chain issue. For 30 years, Vulcan Materials has quarried limestone near Playa del Carmen, Mexico on land that we own. We are extremely proud of our history as a good corporate citizen, and I am particularly proud of the 450 operators of that facility. They operate safely and have contributed thousands of hours in service to the surrounding communities and the environment.  Since late 2018, we have been engaged in a NAFTA arbitration with Mexico in order to secure our rights to quarry future reserves. A hearing took place in 2021 and we expect a ruling in the second half of 2022. We have continued to engage with government officials to pursue an amiable resolution of that dispute.  However, recently, Mexico has taken additional actions that adversely affected our operations in Mexico. We are focused on taking care of our customers affected by these actions and we will continue to work with the Mexican authorities to reach a mutually agreeable and beneficial solution.  Now looking at Vulcan in total. I want to again thank the entire Vulcan team for their hard work and dedication to servicing our customers. Our people are what makes Vulcan better every day. We have and will always operate Vulcan for the long term. This includes keeping our people safe and improving on our already world-class safety record. The 3 key elements of our near-term strategy that will deliver value for our shareholders are the following: one, execute at a local level; two, drive unit margin expansion by focusing on our 4 strategic disciplines; and three, maximize synergies with U.S. Concrete. I'm looking forward to working with our teams this year to accomplish our goals.  Before I close, let me comment on the leadership changes I mentioned at the beginning of my comments. Effective March 1, Darren Hicks will serve as our Chief Human Resources Officer. Our culture and our people are key to our success, and Darren brings a wealth of experience to the new role. We are confident he is the right person to continue to help drive Vulcan forward into the future.  And of course, as I said, Suzanne is planning to retire later this year. Mary Andrews Carlisle will be replacing Suzanne effective September 1. She is the ideal person to step into Suzanne's shoes, having worked closely with both Suzanne and me in the planning and execution of our strategy for a number of years now. Although we hate to see Suzanne go, we fully support her decision, and we are grateful for her commitment to ensure a smooth transition.  And now Suzanne and I will be happy to take your questions.
James Hill: Sure. I think as we look at '22, it's important, we look back because it sets the tone. As it goes to '21, I'm really proud of our people's performance really over the last 2 years. Despite -- you think about despite a pandemic, labor shortages, inflation, we were able to grow unit margins mid-single digit over the last 2 years, and that just tells me our strategic disciplines are working. Our teams turned in EBITDA growth of 10% the last year despite a $93 million in ex synergy costs. This is just a job well done. And if you look forward to '22, it's shaping up to be a really exciting year. You've got all 4 end uses should experience growth.  So the fundamentals for demand growth are really good, albeit there'll be some headwinds from labor, supply chain issues. So if those -- if the supply chain issues and labor ease up, you probably got some upside on volume but we try to be thoughtful there. So we've got to see that happen for us. Pricing momentum built through the year in '21, and we've carried that momentum into '22. I think we'll see continued disciplined cost control like we saw last year even in the face of inflation. And that discipline allows us to grow aggregate unit margins by high single digit in '22.  And so we'll see -- on top of that, I think we'll see both volume and unit margin growth in Concrete and Asphalt as we march through '22. Now remember, the fourth quarter is going to have some challenges. You still got the same energy comps you saw in Q3 and Q4 of last year. We probably have a challenge of energy of some $35 million. Weather was challenging in January, February. You had some COVID spikes that affected crews and labor in January. But I think we quickly get past that and have a really strong and exciting '22.
James Hill: Yes. First of all -- and I would tell you, I think res, we see strong growth in '22. I think it's very widespread across almost all of our markets, maybe some weakness in Chicago, Baltimore. You've got new subdivision construction continuing, so it's very aggregate-intensive, which is great for us. Now I would tell you it's going to be a bit slower -- grow a bit slower rate than what we saw in '21, which was, as we all know, was white hot. And as you called out, that's due to supply constraints, inflation and interest rates and land. So all in all, a good slate. Now if it's -- just stepping back and look at interest rates, Freddie Mac rate for 30 years at 3.7%. That's still extremely low rates. So while not as fast as '21, it will see growth.
James Hill: Yes. Thank you. Let's start with Aggregates. And as we look back, we finished last year really strong. Q3 was up 8%, 5% on same-store. Q4 was up 13%, 7% on the same-store. But you got to really look at those quarters to understand that. Remember, Q3 comp was comping over 2020, where we had the most severe shelter in place. So it was a pretty easy comp. And then in Q4, we saw unseasonably good weather in November and December.  Now when you turn to '22, as we said, the good news is the fundamentals are there. We're seeing growth in all 4 end uses. But you've got -- that's dampened by challenges from supply chain and labor for our customers and particularly for our carriers. Transportation may be a challenge -- is probably going to be a challenge in '22. So the guide in the volume is growth of 5 to 7. Same-store is really hard to call out because those businesses are now so integrated, so there's a lot of mixing and matching. But if I had to call that out, I'd call it 2 to 4 range.  We try to be thoughtful about that guidance because of all of the challenges we're seeing from labor and supply constraints. But if the supply chain and labor ease up, we've probably got upside to volume in Aggregates. On Concrete, if you remember, volumes were challenged in Concrete in 2021 due to -- in California and New York because they were the most severe shelter in place. And the government offices just shut down, so we got to the point where we couldn't get -- our customers couldn't get building permits.  I think that as you look forward -- and then we had challenges with diesel and efficiencies because traffic came back in. But I really like how '22 is shaping up for Concrete. Volumes should be much improved. We passed the air pocket of shelter in place in Northern California, New York. Remember, you got nonresidential demand segment has turned to growth in 2022. That's a big impact on Concrete. DFW continues to be very good. So we'll see volume growth in 2022, but we'll also start to see margin expansion as prices have moved past headwinds. You couple all of this with our California, Texas and Virginia, the Vulcan and USC businesses are function as one. I think Concrete will be a much improved business in '22.
James Hill: Yes. First of all, we're not having to do that. I think let's step back and look at Mexico. It's important to note that we have all the legal rights to operate in Mexico. We have all the appropriate permits in place. We're in negotiations to come to a resolution that benefits all the parties of interest. Mexico is interested in our properties for tourism, which we believe will coexist with our existing operations. In fact, we think that continue to operate there will ultimately benefit the overall volume for tourism and we believe this will happen.  So if you kind of put it in perspective, we shipped a little over 7 million tons from -- to the U.S. from Mexico in 2021. Those tons are in our guidance, and we continue shipping from our yards and we're now back shipping from Mexico to the U.S. So look, this thing will work out. We'll be fine if you could supplement some by rail. But at this point, we're shipping and we're servicing our customers. I think if you really step back in this and the big picture for all of this stuff and the opportunity in '22 is a big opportunity we're talking about in volume and price. And so overall, it's shaping up to be a very good year. And we'll get our situation in Mexico.
James Hill: Yes. I think first of all, to highway demand in '22, we'll see growth there. I think it will flow through and probably ramp up as the year goes along. States are flushed with capital as tax receipts are up across the board and remember, those states still have COVID relief funds. And now that money is accelerating in lettings and bid works. So '22 demand should grow throughout the year sequentially. We don't think we'll see any of the IIJA funds in '22. Maybe a little bit at the end of the year, but it's really a '23, '24 play.  So let's step back and look at how IIJA flows. Money flows 2 ways through this. First, funds that -- which flow through regular federal programs prior to IIJA, like things like the FAST Act are fully available to states past appropriations -- once we get appropriations. Second, funds or new discretionary programs will flow later because you have to write in the active programs. This is why we say that, that funding will take the new funding, the additional funding would take time to flow through, which is why we predict we'll start to hit in '23, '24.  But I think still important to remember, 76% of IIJA funds will be distributed states via formula. So 2/3 of those formula funds will go into Vulcan states. This is a big deal and a big advantage to Vulcan-served states.
James Hill: Yes. Well, pricing, I think, is a really good story from the beginning of last year. We booked a lot of momentum, as we talked about in '21, and we've carried that into '22. Look, we said all the time, inflation and visibility to growing demand are excellent catalysts for price increases. And you saw us -- our guide to 6% to 8% price range, we have a lot of confidence in that. It's very widespread. It's through all markets.  Now included in that, we don't have second half price increases. They're not in our guidance. They are possible. There are some upside. It's way too early to call that. We'll start having discussions here in the next few months about that. And I think we'll have a lot better feel for that as we get into the second quarter.  But at this point, 6% to 8% is great. As the world goes along, the demand continues to improve. There will be opportunities for pricing. But I think we're confident in the midpoint of 7% or the range of 6% to 8% going into this, and that leads us to high single-digit margin growth with our operating abilities, and we think that's a strong showing for '22.
James Hill: Let's take it [indiscernible] first. I mean we were very close to just below 60% in '21. I think we'll be around -- we will guide you to 60% in '22, which is kind of where we always guide you. I think that doing that in a period where you've got is a bigger jumps in diesel cost is a heck of an operating performance. And I'm proud of that performance in '21. Confident we'll be able to do it in '22 from -- to get to the target of 60% of incrementals. As you look at the operating side of the business and cost, I would tell you, I could not be more proud of our Vulcan operators and their performance in '20 and '21 and going into '22. As always, they will make sure that our people were healthy and safe.  Then let's look at it, they just crush rock like champs. And just step back and think, our total cost of sales was only up 1.5% last year with diesel up over $40 million. And that's with all the goods and services were dramatically up. Labor was up. And that's our operations strategic discipline at work. And I'm proud of those guys, those men and women. We're carrying that momentum into '22. We're calling out maybe a little higher cost increases with mid-single digit, really driven by, as you called out fuel. But you also got labor, you've got inflation, just everything we use. But that still leads us to high single-digit unit margins. And in a period of inflation like we got, that is a very good performance.  And that's what Vulcan is built for. That's what we talk about all the time. This is who we are. We've built to dampen headwinds, like you see and take advantage of tailwinds, with the extra volume and price. And we did it in '20, we did it in '21. I have all the confidence in the world we'll -- our men and women will be able to do it in '22.
James Hill: Yes. It is -- for us, if I'll take our operations than our customers, I think our procurement folks, and I'll call them out, they did a great job. We've had very few internally. Now getting rock to customers, it was a challenge in '21. It will be a challenge in '22. And that is from both rail and truck that is labor, and it is challenging. The railroads all have in trouble. I think they say they're going to improve, I believe them. I think it will get better, but it's still a challenge.  And then you just look at projects out there and you talk to our customers, and it's everything from switch gear to some types of pipe to door knobs to windows to plumbing parts. So it's just so widespread, and it's -- I think it's too early to call anything better than what we've seen in our guidance. I think in our guidance, we were thoughtful. Again, if things start to ease up, I think you've got opportunity there. As we look at price, I would call our cadence of price last year was a pretty sharp curve. I think that curve will be -- won't be as sharp as it is this year. I think you'll see more consistent pricing throughout the year in that 6 to 8 range kind of starting in the first quarter and working all the way through.  Again, if we have opportunities for second half prices and it's too early to call, maybe that gets -- that curve gets a little steeper. That slope gets a little steeper. We'll keep plugging at that, and we'll keep you posted.
James Hill: I think that, at this point, I think we guided to the 6% to 8%. I think we're -- this is February. This is the middle of February. We're just starting to have conversations with fixed plant about midyear. It's really early in the process. Same thing with bid work, way too early to call. I think I'm confident in the 6% to 8%, but we'll see what happens. I would tell you that pricing in California is consistent with the rest of our model. There's opportunity there. And our customers know the inflationary pressures we have, and they have them also.  So it's -- and they're also looking at moving their pricing. So the whole sector is going up. Again, that visibility to growing demand gives people the confidence taking this on price and then you've got the inflationary pressures, it's just a little easier conversation. But I think it's -- while we're beginning to have conversations about second half pricing, and there may be opportunity there to -- it's way too early to call.
James Hill: Yes, good. Both of them improved. Arizona got hit last year, and it was a problem for us with volume in '21, and it was really timing on projects, and it was supply chain. We got held -- our customers got held up with, I think, some big piping and other parts for utilities that just held up projects. But I would tell you, both have opportunity for improved volume. And I think that like the rest of the product line, as we march through the year sequentially and prices go up after we get in the second half, we'll see margin growth. Now the first half is going to be challenged because you probably got a big negative comp and liquid AC of about $15 million in Q1, but we'll get past that. And as we saw prices go up in Q4, 5%, they're moving up. And as we always do, we got -- that's a delay there. It's transient, and we'll catch it.
James Hill: A little bit. But it's -- for nonres last couple of years has been pretty volatile. We spent 2020 falling. We spent '21 recovering, and we'll see growth in '22. Heavy nonres, still strong in '22. I think we're seeing growth in traditional nonres, which as we predicted as following subdivision growth and that's coming on. That will come on in '22. And we're starting to see green shoots and high-rise projects.  And importantly, remember, nonres is very important and very good for our Concrete business. So our timing is good with that with the purchase of U.S. Concrete. It's a sector we're excited about. They too have supply chain issues. Yes, they're different from res, I think they're probably a little less challenged, but it's a volatile situation and we'll have to watch it as we go through the year.
James Hill: I think what you see is continuing compounding unit margins. I think that what we said was that the IIJA gives us a lot more security of extending the cycle. So if you were to have an air pocket in the private side, you covered up with IIJA. But I think we stick to our disciplines, and that's why those 4 strategic discipline is so important that you continue to service your customer to earn that price through the commercial efforts. We take that price in those -- and that -- to the bottom line by continuing our operations disciplines and our cost control and operating efficiencies, use the procurement to make sure we get the goods and services we need to keep those operations running in times of supply chain and labor challenges.  And then those logistics, it's tough to get -- logistics is so important these days because there's just a shortage of labor in both rail and truck and us being efficient to that is really important to maximize profitability. But you're right, it bodes well. If we believe the private side will continue, it bodes really well if that happens. But even if there's a little slippage or some happens that would challenge that, I think the magnitude of this extends the cycle and continuous growing our margins.
James Hill: Yes. So from a volume perspective and the cadence of the new funding, what we're saying is because -- and this is where I talked about the second new discretionary programs, they take time to flow through because you have to write regulations and act programs. And that just takes time. That's the reason we say, look, we'll have growth in '22 from states increase in funding, the new federal fund increase in funding will start to flow through in '23 as they enact those programs. And they start to -- then they get the lettings and then they put the job to work -- the jobs to work and we ship rock. And I would expect a ramp-up through -- maybe a little bit this year, probably doubtful, but you'll start to see a ramp-up in demand as we march through '23, '24 to '25 as those programs mature and those funds flow to work. Now with that, you've got -- embedded in that is you've got very -- you'll have very clear visibility to be a state DOTs to work that's coming. And that's growing demand. And that visibility to growing demand gives everyone confidence to take risk on jobs and take risk on price. So it will be good for both volume and price -- but I would expect for volume a gradual ramp-up, '23, '24, '25 and pricing to follow.
James Hill: Thank you, guys, for your time today. We -- as always, we appreciate your interest in Vulcan. We hope that you keep you and your families safe and happy. Suzanne and Mary Andrews and Mark and I will be out to see you in the coming days and weeks. You guys have a great rest of the day. Thank you.
