Daniel Sansone: Thank you, Don. We expect SAG expense for the full year 2010 to approximate the prior year level. There are, however, a number of unusual items in the SAG category that I'd like to highlight. In the fourth quarter of last year, SAG costs included a non-cash charge of $8.5 million representing the fair market value of donated real estate. We do not anticipate a similar item in the fourth quarter of 2010. Additionally, we recorded a non-cash charge of $9.2 million for donated real estate in the first quarter of this year, and we currently do not anticipate any similar charges or transactions in 2011. The second significant item affecting SAG expenses, is our major ERP project, which began in 2008 soon after the acquisition of Florida Rock. This multiyear project is replacing Legacy systems and processes throughout the company, consolidating back-office activities and standardizing common processes and procedures. As of today, all of the Legacy Vulcan business units are operating on the new financial systems platform. The Legacy Florida Rock division will transition onto the new platform in the first quarter of 2011. We will begin to implement the major non-accounting modules of the project early in 2011, with project completion anticipated in 2012. This initiative has had a material impact on our SAG expenses over the last couple of years. Annual project cost peaked at 2009 at approximately $13 million. Project costs in 2010 should be approximately $2 million lower than last year, reflecting lower design and implementation costs and the beginning of the realization of cost reduction benefits. We expect a further reduction in net costs of approximately $6 million in 2011. Interest expense for the full year 2010 is expected to be approximately $175 million based on current levels of interest rates and a reduced level of capitalized interest on capital projects. We expect to reduce total debt by $120 million by the end of 2010. Depreciation, depletion and amortization for 2010 will be approximately $385 million. We have carefully reviewed our capital spending requirements relative to current demand levels. We now expect capital spending in 2010 to be approximately $100 million, down slightly from the $110 million spent in 2009 and down sharply from the $353 million spent in 2008. The sharp decrease in capital spending in the last two years results from lower production levels as well as the higher levels of capital spending during 2006 through 2008 that Don mentioned in his opening remarks. During that three-year period, cumulative capital spending totaled approximately $1.3 billion. These projects added reserves, increased production capacity, upgraded mobile equipment fleets and lowered production costs. Our aggregates plans and rolling stock were in very good condition going into this economic downturn. As a result, our capital spending needs have remained relatively modest. We have maintained the production capacity necessary to respond quickly and efficiently as demand recovers. And Don will now pick up with some closing remarks.
Daniel Sansone: Kathryn, we closed that $450 million term loan in July of this year with the intent of using those proceeds to fund the $325 million maturity as well as we pre-funded $100 million term loan maturity from next year. So what we will do in December when that comes due is either issue commercial -- we'll use available cash and any balance will be met by issuing commercial paper and/or drawing on our bank loans.
Daniel Sansone: Mike, regarding debt, there's a couple of things that happened in the fourth quarter, and we expect it to be the case this year as well, a quarter in which we're a net generator of cash. Even though it's a slow period for shipments, we're pulling working capital down from the seasonally strong second and third quarters, particularly receivables. Secondly, the fourth quarter of this year will generate some additional cash for less exciting reasons. As a byproduct of the weak operating results we had, we're generating tax credits and not paying income tax. And we're actually able to apply those credits against prior year taxes paid. So we'll be bringing approximately $35 million from the treasury back to the company in the fourth quarter of this year for refunds from prior tax periods as well. So when you put all that into the mix, we will be reducing total debt and not just long-term debt by about $120 million. And you're correct, your definition is the same as mine. It would be long term as well as short term debt.
Daniel Sansone: No, no, no. The tax credit in the third quarter is on a book basis, then you have to essentially restate all your numbers on a tax basis. And because of accelerated depreciation and because of pension contributions that were made earlier in the year, we're actually generating sizable tax losses that really get greater than those shown on the book earnings, which give us the ability to get those refunds.
Daniel Sansone: Of course that's based on the actuarial assumptions that we used at the time. And obviously, things could change between now and then. But right now, we have no anticipated contributions, and we don't see anything on the landscape that would invalidate the actuarial assumptions that were used in concluding that we didn't need to do anything until 2012 or '13.
Daniel Sansone: First, with respect to the discussions with the agencies, we're in there in a detailed fashion with them. Multiple times a year, we have an active dialogue with them. There's no secrets. They know our plans. They know our priorities. And they do a very good job of tracking the industry and the company's performance. The issue with the agencies at the moment is frankly that our one single metric, debt to EBITDA has crept higher as our EBITDA has drifted lower in this cyclical downturn. And that metric, more than any is the one that's under the greatest pressure with the agencies. And it's the one that probably contributes the most to the current rating and to the threat of a downgrade. I certainly I'm not in a position to speak for what the agencies will choose to do when they see these numbers and when they see our numbers at the end of the year. But I think psychologically, we have a tendency to think of a movement from -- and I'll use the S&P rating just for simplicity, BBB- to a BB+ rating from investment grade to a non-investment grade as some sort of a huge step function it is. In terms of the financial markets, it's not nearly as dramatic a change. Certainly, a downgrade is not something we're hoping for, and we're trying to do the reasonable things we can do to manage for the current rating. But if we were to get downgraded, the incremental effect on our borrowing costs in the grand scheme of things is not very significant. Put differently, I don't think you should expect us to go to draconian measures to try to protect the current investment grade rating at the expense of -- at some extreme expense. In the current term loan that we put in place in July of this year I believe that if we were to get downgraded one notch, it would add 25 basis points to the borrowing spread over LIBOR. It's not the end of the world. If you look at indicative bond pricing in today's market, if we were a full notch lower by both agencies, it would add less than 100 basis points to the indicative coupon rates, and in today's market, that would bring in coupon rates that are still lower than the coupon rates the we have with the debt that was issued in 2007 and 2008. So yes, we worry about it. Yes, we communicate extensively with the agencies. Yes, we're very sensitive to it, but you won't see us turn the table upside down to protect it at all costs.
Daniel Sansone: The liquid asphalt costs in the third quarter were -- they averaged about $463, $464 a ton. In the second quarter, they averaged about $478 a ton, give or take a little bit.
Daniel Sansone: At least the first wave of those contracts when bid back in the mid to late 2009 when housing and private non-res looked so gloomy and the regular Federal Highway Program was virtually in limbo, it was in that period that bidding got aggressive.
Donald James: In summary, we believe our business continues to get stronger as a result of our cost control efforts in this downturn and our disciplined approach to pricing throughout the recession. We will remain diligent in our efforts to look for every opportunity to cut costs, and we look forward to the opportunity of getting the great leverage in earnings that volume recovery will provide us. The underlying trends in trailing 12-month shipments have increased our optimism that the worst of this severe downturn may be behind us. We are in the process of reviewing our specific projections for next year, and we'll provide an outlook in February when we report our fourth quarter results. Our available production capacity which, as Dan pointed out, is in very good condition, positions Vulcan to participate efficiently and effectively in an increase in Federal Highway spending projected by the Congressional Budget Office. By the second half of 2011, we expect a continued growth in the overall economy and an improving job market will begin driving an increase in private construction activity, accelerating the earnings leverage of the company. We are the clear leader in the U.S. aggregates industry and are well positioned for significant participation in the economic recovery and in public infrastructure programs. I would like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. This confidence comes from our successful strategy to continue strengthening our Aggregates-focused business, which has the compelling advantage of great locations in major U.S. markets that are expected to experience above-average growth in aggregates demand for many years into the future. We thank you for your interest in Vulcan. Now if our operator will give the required instruction, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Donald James: I think the only sort of -- and it's really not a mix issue, but the only significant thing is that as the initial stimulus projects get built and rolled off, those were bid at very competitive pricing and at a time, as we've said, when the regular Federal Highway Program was in limbo and the only work coming out, the private sector demand was in the trough and the original stimulus projects got bid at very competitive rates, and as those projects roll off, I think you'll start seeing reported pricing improving.
Donald James: As we've said, our plant and equipment is generally in very good shape. I think certainly, as volumes come back, as we add 25 or 30 or 40 million tons of production, we'll start needing to replace some plant and mobile equipment, which we'll do, but we are, as a result of the very large CapEx we had in the years prior to the downturn, I think we're in great shape. So CapEx will go up, but it won't go up nearly as high as annual DD&A.
Donald James: No. I think in this quarter, where we had volume growth, it reflected the incremental margins that we believed it should, which are in the 60% range.
Donald James: I think some of it is timing, some of it is continuing weak asphalt demand in the private sector work. There's not a single issue there. We are very pleased that our material margins, that is the spread between selling prices and material input costs, continued to improve. As you know, they sort of hit cyclical lows earlier this year as a result of the higher price of liquid asphalt and the difficulty of passing that through in the asphalt mix selling prices, but those material margins are improving. And as we began to see volume recovery, that should enhance earnings in that product line.
Donald James: Well, that's a lot of questions. Ready Mix pricing is still under pressure, ours and others. We're pleased to see that we expect our volume to be up, particularly in Florida, but it's related to some large projects that we've booked earlier. Ready Mix is much more heavily dependent on private construction than aggregates and asphalt are, and I think Ready Mix will continue to have some pressure on pricing. We work really hard to recognize that our Ready Mix business is really tied to pulling our aggregates through, as well as our cement through. So we look at that business differently than a pure Ready Mix producer might. But generally, pricing is going to be under pressure in Ready Mix until private sector demand begins to stabilize and improve.
Donald James: Kathryn, one reason volume guidance for aggregates in the fourth quarter is so difficult is because it depends on when it turns cold and when it starts raining and snowing in our cold-weather markets and when it gets too cold to pour concrete or put down asphalt. So for us to be trying to predict aggregate volume in any meaningful way in the fourth quarter, we have to be trying to predict the weather patterns in our various markets and that's just not something that we're very clever at. Generally, we think demand is improving in highways and infrastructure. It's improving and housing, and it's continues to decline, although at a much slower rate in private non-res and how that rolls up compared to whether in the fourth quarter we're just -- it's tough to make that call in a short term.
Donald James: Yes, we report freight-adjusted pricing, and long-haul transportation continues to have cost escalation in the transportation piece. Fortunately, we're, over time, able to recover that in pricing. I think in Q2, we saw a more severe disconnect between the price spiking up, particularly related to fuel escalation clauses and the ability to pass that through into the shipments going into the yards. But I think that is a phenomenon that will adjust itself over time, and I think you saw it to some extent adjust in the third quarter.
Donald James: Well the geographic differences have to do with states and markets where volumes are up and what the average selling price is in those markets and volumes and markets where volumes are down, and so there's always a geographic mix shift going on because our pricing varies significantly from market to market, as you know. But that being said, I don't think there's anything dramatic about our pricing in this quarter compared to prior quarters. Our mix shift, our product mix is not dramatically different, and our geographic mixes moves around some, but basically, I think we have just had a very disciplined approach to pricing and are trying to provide quality in service to our customers and get paid for it. And that's our basic strategy.
Donald James: While our aggregates cost of sales x energy was down about 2%. Our pricing remained relatively stable, and in the markets where we got volume growth, we got very good leverage, in the 60% range. While volumes were down in some markets and up in others where we got the up volume, we certainly got the nice contribution to our margin.
Donald James: Yes, customer mix. We're supplying more of our own cement, but that comes with a little longer transportation haul, which we net back out. I don't think there's any specific item that would stick out. It's just the various -- as Dan said, customer mix.
Donald James: Trey, I would love to see something happen in the lame-duck session. I wouldn't bet on it. I think that's going to be short, and I would expect the current extension of contract authority and funding levels for highways will be further extended in the lame-duck session, probably for six months. That's a yes. It could be shorter, it could be a little longer. I think the real action, though, is assuming that the Republicans take control of the House, which seems to be most people's projection, we'll have a new Chairman of the House transportation and infrastructure committee, probably John Michael from Florida. We believe, as I tried to indicate in my prepared remarks, that the administration, particularly the Treasury Department, is a very strong advocate for increased spending for infrastructure, and in particular highways for all the reasons I outlined and all the reasons stated in the report. This is really the first time the administration has come out strongly and said, "we need a new multiyear surface transportation bill, and we need to get on with it because it is a key way to address unemployment and end up with an economically efficient system when we get through with it". And their treasury in particular and Secretary Geithner, in particular, seem to be approaching this from a purely economic view and not such a political view. Now roll over to Congress. The political issue is going to be whether the Republican majority in the House feels it now has a joint responsibility for the economy. And I point it and I try to emphasize this, one of the points that we have to be able to make, and we is not just our company, but the entire transportation industry, is that voters support what I'll call user fees that are directly related to transportation improvements in their communities. Over and over and over again, that spending and that increased revenue is supported by voters. The point is, is that not all federal spending is bad and that there is public support as manifested through any number of activities for increased revenues and increased spending to relieve traffic congestion. The projections from the congressional commission that studied highway funding was $0.10 a gallon, fuel tax will raise an incremental $20 billion a year, and it will cost the average American family about $100 a year. And for that, they get all sorts of benefits including being able to get home and to work faster, having much lower repairs to their automobiles caused by poor surface conditions. So there's a tremendous amount of really good study and reports supporting it. We just got to make the case that voters will support it, and that's our challenge in this new Congress.
Donald James: I think the way to think about asphalt is look at the end markets. And obviously, public infrastructure is a very large end market for asphalt, much more so than for concrete. And that's the one place that we're seeing relatively strong growth in funding and demand. And as a result of that, assuming the wildcard here is what happens to liquid asphalt cost. But assuming stability in liquid asphalt cost, then we would expect material margins would continue to improve as we're able to get somewhat higher prices for the mix. But the wildcard is the liquid asphalt input cost that we have very little influence and control over, we are seeing liquid asphalt producers for the first time in several years being willing to commit to pricing for longer than a 30-day period, which gives us some more stability in getting work with a firm liquid asphalt pricing. And that's a phenomenon that we haven't seen since probably three or four years ago.
Donald James: Some of the projects are moving forward, and we're seeing that. Some may get rolled over into 2011. I don't think there's any cancellation of the projects. It's really a timing. We saw a little bit of recovery toward the end of the third quarter. The strike was in July and volumes were down hugely in July because all of our customer operations were basically shut down. We saw some recovery in the volume in the latter two months of the quarter, and without being specific, I think it looks like some of that volume is occurring in the month of October in the fourth quarter and hopefully, those projects will continue to be caught up, will continue to catch up until cold weather hits in Chicago. And once cold weather hits, we expect a lot of our customers will close up for the year and go home and then crank back up next spring when the weather improves. So how much of that gets caught up this year really depends upon how long the construction season lasts in Chicago.
Donald James: Mike, I think there's probably a misconception that because both Vulcan and Marietta are somewhat headquartered in the Southeast that we compete with each other on every market on every job, and that's really far from the truth. Our California, Arizona, New Mexico markets, they don't participate in. We don't participate in their Mountain West markets and their upper Midwest markets like Nebraska and Iowa. Our big Midwestern markets are Tecumseh and Milwaukee, and they don't participate in those markets there and Indianapolis and Ohio where we're not. Northern Virginia is a huge market for us. They really don't participate in that market. Florida, we have local production in Florida, and part Marietta has virtually none. So there's really a very small sort of overlap when you get to where we both participate. That being said, a lot of their volume growth seems to have come from shale gas and energy projects and markets, and we're not in the same markets they're in, but we are in some markets where that is a demand sector, and that has been significant. Remarkably, in North Carolina, there are big highway programs in the Raleigh market and in Eastern North Carolina and Western North Carolina is just sort of out-of-cycle highway projects right now. So there's probably a big difference in our North Carolina shipments even though we compete in relatively limited number of markets in North Carolina. So I don't think you can conclude from the disparity in price volume between the two companies that there's a market share shift going on in volume as a result of pricing. That's just not the case at least from our view. So I can't tell you specifically why their prices are down whatever it was, 3% or 4% and their volume was up 6% compared to ours. We've got enough to worry about with our business and not worry about theirs.
Donald James: Well, if you look, say, at Virginia, Virginia, particularly Northern Virginia, is volume strong, pricing's good. If you look at Tennessee, Kentucky, volumes are good, pricing is good. If you look at San Diego, volume's good. There's just not a lot of places we can look at and look at their price and volume and our price and volume and draw any conclusions from that. There is a pretty significant relationships in our business between markets where volume is stable and growing and we're able to get a better pricing and it's contrasted where volumes are weak, and they are relatively weak in Florida stone and in some of the markets in California. Volume actually seems to be stabilizing and improving. So there are some disparities there, but in virtually every case, volume stability and improvement is going to provide the basis for price improvement.
Donald James: We would not include the holes and drilled platforms for oil and gas in private non-res. We would include that in private infrastructure. So our non-res are essentially buildings, both public and private. So our infrastructure, public and private, is up. Our highways are up. We're seeing that improvement in our numbers. The building side, the buildings that we are seeing are public buildings, both from the black work base realignment and closing of government military buildings is a good bit of that. There's a lot of government building up in the Washington Baltimore area. There are hospitals, university buildings, schools, to some extent, prisons. The place where there's continued weakness is in retail, office buildings and to a lesser extent, hotels. While there are some bright spots there. And just anecdotally, a huge new retail shopping center just opened here in the Birmingham market last week. So it's not dead everywhere, but it's certainly slow. But I think we're seeing it bottoming, and I think that's going to be a real key for us, probably by mid-'11. If the building sector of non-res has bottomed, then I think that's going to be a real key toward volume recovery going forward because that's where the greatest pressure has been for at least the last two years.
Donald James: We bought a Concrete business in Atlanta. It ties in beautifully with our existing Aggregates business and with our Florida cement plant. Atlanta is the largest single cement market that can be reached efficiently from our cement plant in North Florida, and it's an opportunity to leverage not only the recovery and cement demand in the northern half of Atlanta, but also let us pull through our aggregates and primarily our own cement and get the margins associated with those products.
Donald James: We will mention it. We don't typically don't spend a lot of time talking about bolt-on acquisitions and we view this just as a bolt-on acquisition because it's an end market acquisition. I should say, we're not going to grow our Concrete business generally, but where we can pull our own cement through or through swaps effectively pull our own cement through, it makes the economics look a whole lot differently than just the basic Concrete business.
Donald James: I would hope that we'll see stability in pricing in Florida. I don't think we made a comment about that. I think someone else probably did in their conference call. But we're happy with our market position and our distribution capabilities in Florida. We are able to serve that market from forays in the state, as well as by ship from our big quarry on the Yucatán as well as by rail from Georgia and Alabama. So we have a great supply network and distribution network to serve Florida. At some point, when demand there begins to recover, we're going to be in great shape. But it's a tough market today. But in the long term, there are very limited reserves in Florida and there's a huge amount of growth potential, but it's going to take another time period. I guess we are pleased that housing starts in Florida are up in high double sort of 18%, 19%, 20%, 21% on a trailing 12-month basis. So there is some life in Florida after all, and of course, the highway projects and stimulus projects in Florida are finally getting underway. They were among the slower states to get that rolled out. So it's really when non-res construction begins to resume is going to be the key in Florida as it is in most other markets. But residential, what we think if it turn to corner in Florida, really more so than in the rest of the country.
Donald James: I think the only thing we're holding for sale now is a small quarry in a Concrete business in the Bahamas that came with the Florida Rock acquisition. We don't need that because we can supply Florida with high-quality limestone from our core on the Yucatán Yucatán Peninsula by ship very efficiently. We expect that to close any time. We did sell three quarries up in rural Virginia, in markets that had been supported by textile and furniture manufacturing. And as you are aware, I'm sure, those industries are in great distress, and it just didn't make a lot of sense for us to continue to keep those in our portfolio. We continue to look at opportunities where we may have some quarries that are not end markets that are key to us or strategic to us where they may be more valuable to someone else than they are to us. That's not anything unusual. We'll continue to pursue those, but it's difficult for us to sell operations, pay taxes on it and make a lot of sense on an after-tax cash basis. So that's one of the impediments to continue to prune our portfolio. But we do continue to look at that and we'll continue, and we'll report them as they occur.
Donald James: We buy diesel in nationwide contracts, but we don't hedge it, and we're not backward-integrating into the Refinery business. So there's not a lot we can do in the short term. We continue to monitor and manage own fuel efficiency in our plants and every plant every month, captures and reports tons of production per gallon of diesel fuel. So that's a big -- one of our major key operating parameters that we measure and monitor. But there's not a lot we can do about the price of diesel fuel as it moves around other than we try to buy in large quantities and get as lower price as we can.
Donald James: Well, it's all of the above, I think. It's not so much that people are cutting prices and we're having to match. It's just it's very difficult to get in this market to be able to go into our customer and justify a price increase when they're having great difficulty maintaining the price of their product, i.e. concrete or asphalt mix. So we're not concerned about price cutting. We're concerned about volume recovery. And with volume recovery, I think we'll be able to resume some price improvement, hopefully well in excess of cost escalation in our production side. But as I said, we've maintained a lot of discipline in pricing, and we're trying to provide quality and service and reliability to our customers and keep them competitive through this recession, and that's a big order. But our guys have done a remarkably good job of it, as you look at our pricing metrics compared to most everybody else in the industry.
Donald James: Running plant sufficiently, that is bringing our workforce in and running hard when we're there and then closing up and going home, moving crews around from plant to plant to achieve production efficiencies is another strategy that many of our operations utilize. Running plants at off-peak hours from the standpoint of energy costs, particularly electrical energy cost, in many markets if we run our plants at all peak hours, we get much lower electric utility rates than if we run in the middle of the day and at summer time. SAG costs is an area in which we are continuing to focus then since we only gave you some input on that. Going to our new ERP system has allowed us to begin to reduce some overhead cost, and that project will continue to move forward in that area. The principle it's not one single place, it's really across-the-board from -- as I mentioned, about diesel fuel consumption, we monitor all sorts of labor productivity. That is tons per variable man-hour, tons per total man-hour. It's done on a plant-by-plant, month-by-month basis, so there aren't any secrets out there. The plants that are doing great jobs show up, and the plants that need some work are also showing up. And so that's an emphasis for us, and it's small. It's pennies a ton, in 250 quarries. That's what the focus is.
Donald James: We don't track it that way and I don't think all stimulus-related projects for us were at lower pricing at all. It just goes market by market. And there are some projects were, for various product mix reasons, we wanted to make sure we got the work and so we bid some of those aggressively. I think there's some of those in Texas, but they are working their way through the system. I can't tell you today how many still have work to go on them, but I think over time, the shift away from those early stimulus projects will be beneficial to price, if there are reported pricing. To quantify that, I can't. But the trend will be, I think, improved.
Donald James: Well, thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan. We will be back with our fourth quarter and full year press release, I believe, in early February. We look forward to talking to you then. Thank you so much. Have a good day.
