J. Thomas Hill: Thanks, John. Our employees are working hard to ensure our strong performance, continue revenue growth and margin expansion. I can't say enough good things about our people. They never quit, always try to do things better and have enormous pride in what they do; and I see this every day. Our priority is continuous improvement. We're going to stay very focused on the things that we can control – on keeping our people safe, on customer service, on controlling cost and on price. We'll get fair value for the major investments we make in this business. I can tell you, it's all about creating value for our customers and our company. Now, before I conclude, I'd like to say a few things about the highway bill. I reported in our last call about the significant progress in Washington towards a new bill. The Senate, with great leadership, did its job when it passed a new six-year bill, the DRIVE Act, on July 30. The House transportation and infrastructure committee marked up its version of the highway bill two weeks ago. Congressional leaders believe it may be possible to compress the two bills and pass the final highway bill before the end of November. We are encouraged by the bipartisan progress that is occurring in Congress to address America's infrastructure challenges. We have been very engaged in efforts to encourage Congress to step up to this challenge. A new multi-year highway bill will be a step in the right direction and our nation's leaders will need to take additional big steps in the years to come. This is important for our country, our industry and for Vulcan. In closing, I truly appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Looking forward to the rest of 2015 and into 2016, I want you to know that we are very energized and engaged. We are focused on the fundamentals, on finding new ways to grow our company and its profitability every day. Now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we will be happy to respond to your questions.
J. Thomas Hill: Let me start with demand. We're seeing demand growth in all of our major markets – the vast majority of them – and in the market segments. More than half of our markets in the third quarter saw double-digit growth, a little bit of lagging as we talked about with Alabama, Mississippi, kind of the center of the country. But overall, we continue to see healthy demand growth, whether that's across geographies or market segments. So, we don't see anything that would give us pause for slowdown, whether in the fourth quarter or afterwards. Now, if you look at – on the same thing on price – we continue to see very healthy climate for price increases. That's built by customer confidence and by rising demand.
J. Thomas Hill: Ted, I don't see anything that would change the fundamentals of our earnings leverage or our trajectory – just – it's not there. And I'll address the third quarter; our costs in the third quarter year-over-year on a same-store basis were down about a nickel. Built in that was diesel was down about $0.23. The increase occurred in fringes and geographic mix was about two-thirds of it, which geographic mix is usually remote distribution network or higher cost markets. That will always – fixes itself – so that will come back around. The fringes are one-time or won't last. The other piece of that was R&M, which is natural for this time of the cycle. And then in some areas, we had labor costs that some – that were up in the second quarter and the third quarter – we recognized those. I think our folks did a good job of addressing those and we saw marked improvement in cost overall in September. So it's – what's important here is that we focus on the things that we can control. It's imperative that we always try to improve that. And it's that compounding effort of every day in every quarry of making it better and compounding those earnings.
J. Thomas Hill: Let me give you an example of labor. I think we got ahead of ourselves in a few markets on labor, where we thought volume's going to come back faster than it did. We hired too many people and actually we had to go correct it when we saw it wasn't going to happen. We also – we're running in a number of the places – we're running, say, four plants with two crews and we've made some structural scheduling mistakes there, which we corrected. So a lot of this, I think, we've taken really good steps to recognize the problems, why we have good metrics and our folks look at it really hard and they've corrected it. And then as far as the geographic mix that will come and go, I don't see anything structural to that. You'll get that back actually.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah, the adjusted EBITDA for the acquisitions in the quarter was in the range of $13 million. I think overall, our acquisitions' performing well. We're pleased with the assets and the personnel that we added at Vulcan. I think – I'm very happy with the job – the integration job that our folks did in getting those tucked in and going. We're pleased with how it fits into our network. So overall, we're very pleased with the acquisitions and like what we've got.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I think that the pricing trends we see right now are very positive and very predictable, with the pricing following the volume. I think what the good news is what we are seeing going at the end of 2015 and going into 2016 is a very healthy pricing environment. We've got steady rising demand in the vast majority of our markets; that's driving customer and construction industry confidence, which is always a good thing for pricing. But, one of the things we always have to remember is pricing is a campaign; it's something you do every day. It's thousands of price decisions every week, and it's also about the compounding improvements over time of not just pricing, but margin expansion. So, our employees are striving hard to improve the value for our customers, and I think that if you step back and look at it, the environment that we're in right now and that we close into 2016 is very healthy for pricing improvements.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah, I think that, as I said earlier, we're seeing good demand growth across all segments. Now, in the non-res piece, like you, we see the leading indicators. And we've seen them dip a little bit, but on the ground, whether it comes to shipments or bidding projects, we have not seen any dip in non-res demand. The good news is we're starting to see improvements in residential and in highway work. So, overall we're continuing to see good, steady growth – demand growth.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I wouldn't read anything into that Trey. North Carolina last year, we had two very large paving jobs that we completed that weren't included in shipments of this year. So, I think that as you look at North Carolina, the demand's still healthy; it's across a broad range of whether it's res, non-res, highways or infrastructure. In fact, the North Carolina DoT just passed a bill to substantially up their funding in that state. So overall, we feel good about North Carolina. We feel good about demand growth, think, it will carry into 2016. And we'll start to see some flow through of the $700 million increase in state highway spending – now, that won't come through right away – but you'll start to see some of it, probably end of 2016, but healthy.
J. Thomas Hill: I'll start, John. I think, Trey, there's really a good pipeline of acquisitions out there. As we've talked about a lot, they will come when they come. That's something we can't control. Last year, they all seemed to bunch up in the third quarter. I think what's important for us – well, the timing of that's unknown – what's important is the discipline of what we buy, what we pay for and then how we integrate it. And we need to be real clear about the synergies that are unique to Vulcan and how we leverage those. So, don't read, because something that happened that the pipeline's dried up, because it hasn't and we are not – we have not put – taken our foot off the accelerator at all.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah, let me start with the escalators in the – the Senate bill escalation is 3% annually – which would mean, you start at a baseline of $41 billion; in year three, it'd be $45 billion and in year six it'd almost be $49 billion. That compares to a House bill, the drafted House bill, which is at 1.9% annually, so a little less. Now, where we end up, our vote is for the Senate bill obviously or something beyond that, but who knows how that's going to turn out. While those increases are really important and we'll take all the funding we can get – more importantly, our country needs it – the confidence that this gives the states to move forward with long-term projects or very large projects is really important. It also – even if it's a six year bill that's only funded for three – it locks in policy for six years, which also builds confidence, not just for the states, but for the entire construction material cycle. So, you'll see this also builds on that confidence we talk a lot about for pricing momentum, because there will be funding out there, which means there'll be projects out there, which means there'll be work out there for our customers. And so, that overall confidence is really important, not just for our customer base and pricing, but also for the states that allow them to free up more work and drive demand.
J. Thomas Hill: Along those lines, while we've had a number of states in our footprint increase their funding, we have a number of them right now that are critical, that are debating increasing their funding, okay. This will give confidence and it will give – it creates momentum for those states to go do their part where there is much needed funding from a state and local perspective.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah, that's really a reduction of TIFIA. TIFIA was budgeted at $1 billion a year. The DRIVE Act cuts it down to $300 million. And actually, truth be known, that's not bad news for us because we weren't getting to – we know $300 million is about as good as anybody got to, if they got that far – to using those funds. So more than half of those funds went unused. That will go into work on intermodal and infrastructure projects. So what our view of that is, it's actually pretty good news and that we'll get what we were using in TIFIA; the unused funding of that will go into major projects to address intermodal and infrastructure projects they'll actually ship materials on.
J. Thomas Hill: Thanks. It's all about the environment and I think it's in momentum. As you go into the fourth quarter of this year and into next year, as I said earlier, we continue to see that demand going up and very steady demand. It's about customer confidence. They have backlogs; they have backlogs with profitability in it, so they can raise their prices. So, it is that confidence in the pricing environment that is so key, and as we talk about a lot, it's very predictable trends that as that volume continues to trend up, pricing will follow it. So, as we said earlier, it's the campaign of pricing and those compounding improvements over time, but going into the fourth quarter and into 2016, what I'd tell you is that that pricing environment is very healthy.
J. Thomas Hill: I think we've got some watch points. I'm not seeing deceleration anywhere. The watch points, as I mentioned earlier, were, one was non-res just because of some of the leading indicators. As I said earlier, we're not seeing that on the ground, what we're bidding and what we're shipping; but we see that, we watch it, and I think our folks and Todd, I'd agree, (54:32) are very confident. The other place to watch is, as we talked about earlier, is to watch Texas, with the reduction in exploration drilling and the impact on jobs. While we've not seen any impact yet, it's been an odd year in Texas where it was the rain in the first half of the year back-loaded the year. So, if there is a drop off, it would be masked and it's a place we'll watch. But other than that, I think we're pretty confident.
J. Thomas Hill: I don't know that I can put a pattern to it, but we have seen a number of our customers run into bottlenecks which impacted third quarter shipments and will impact fourth quarter shipments. Now, that volume's not going away; it will be shipped. So whether that's in ready-mix business, it's trucks and drivers, it's finishers. In the Asphalt business, it's crews and lay down machines. And they're not going to ramp up – they'll ramp up a little bit, but not going to add – just have it slow down. I think what is key to what we saw in the third quarter and you're seeing happen at the end of this year versus last year is the sense of urgency by our customers. When I say that, last year if they got delayed, they just put it off to the next week or till the weather got right. Whereas this year, we're seeing contractors work on Saturdays and Sundays; we're seeing a lot more sense of urgency of getting these jobs done, which is very good news for us because that means they have backlogs now that they got to get this work done, so they can get on to the other work, which really signals from a macro perspective that there's more work out there and we continue to see the steady growth.
J. Thomas Hill: Well, I think that, as we said earlier, usually the places where we are further along in the cycle, we see better pricing. So, we saw better pricing in Texas in a number of places where the cycle's further along. And as we go into next year, I think that pattern or that trend tends to hold true, that the places where the cycle is a little more mature, you have a little more confidence in momentum and pricing.
J. Thomas Hill: That's really hard to put a number around. You know it's happening; you could see it happening. When you talk to your customers in the different markets, it's pretty widespread, but to put a number on that's pretty tough.
J. Thomas Hill: And let me add to that. It wasn't that demand that was off or demand was poor, it just wasn't as good as they had hoped it would be.
J. Thomas Hill: Well, thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan. As you can tell, we will finish 2015 strong and we're very excited about what lies ahead of us for 2016. We look forward talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
John R. McPherson: So, Ted, I think if you just checked through each of those three big drivers of costs, none of them are really structural in our view. One is geographic mix, shipping from higher cost locations or markets, and frankly, that comes typically with higher priced and higher margin markets as well. So, that as Tom said, correct itself and that's not a bad thing. On fringes and those employee benefit related cost, most of that, including the pension accounting issues, we don't see repeating next year and we'll correct for. And then, I think, Tom gave you a clear explanation for how we've addressed to some degree already, some of the somewhat temporary headwinds we think we've seen in repair and maintenance cost and labor cost.
John R. McPherson: And Kathryn, we can break out for you revenue or gross profit contribution by segment of the acquisitions offline, if you like.
John R. McPherson: I think in total, we're probably trending toward – I think we'd said $40 million to $50 million of EBITDA at the beginning of the year – we're probably trending toward the low end of that range full-year. Still, very satisfied with performance, but as we've noted, we've had some increased investments to better manage some mine plans and improve production capacity of certain product types in some of the acquired facilities. And that explains some amount – that explains part of why we're at the lower of that range – but that's basically where we're tracking, around $40 million, but not towards $50 million.
John R. McPherson: Garik, a few maybe pieces of the additional color since I know this – we know this is an area of focus for folks. From a geographic point of view, it's almost easier to talk about the ends of the spectrum. So, in terms of recovery toward normalized demand for us, on one end of the spectrum, certainly we have some Texas markets that are a bit further along in the recovery; in our view, still doing quite well, but a bit further along. And on the other end, as Tom has mentioned before, we have our Mississippi, Alabama, Illinois, kind of our middle of the country markets, that really haven't gotten much momentum yet in terms of the recovery moving along; but everything else is making pretty good progress. The facts and circumstances vary by market, but everything else is making pretty good progress. The one issue that we do continue to see in some markets, and it will inform all of our plans for 2016 when we get there, is just the pace at which this growing demand and recovering demand really gets turned into Aggregates shipments. And again, in some markets that's – that's a function of large project timing and how quickly DoT's can get their raised level of funding out the door into new projects; so we'll monitor that closely. And in other markets, that's a function of these, if you will, bottlenecks in the construction supply chain that we've referenced, where availability of crews or equipment or developed land or skilled trade labor, those can really be the determinants of how quickly we grow. So, net-net, we continue to see across our portfolio, a steady, gradual repeating recovery that's basically on the same kind of trend we've been on for 2015.
John R. McPherson: Hi, Garik, it's John. I wouldn't – we're not trying to signal anything by the breadth of that range. So, I wouldn't read too much into it first. I'd read it as unchanged from our last call. That would be the probably the main message because as I went through, most of the underlying drivers that we see are basically still on track with our last discussion on our last call. So, I think the read is largely unchanged. Yes, weather can affect it one way or the other, but I don't know that I'd try to read too much into the fact that we didn't change or narrow the range.
John R. McPherson: Trey, you might even take that as just an example, and I know you know this very well, but of why it's a bit dangerous to extrapolate too much in our business from single quarter trends. And that's, of course, in the volume side, why we include both the quarterly view and the trailing 12-month or year-to-date view. Whether it's a volume trend or whether it's a pricing or cost trend, we're always going to encourage people to make sure you also take a slightly longer-term view and don't focus only on one quarter just because there can be so much volatility.
John R. McPherson: And Trey, on overall capital allocation priorities, I think the key message is that our priorities have not changed and that we're making good progress on the direction we've laid out. Just to quickly tick through a few, as I mentioned, our core CapEx, reinvesting in the franchise, maintenance haz-mat capital, that remains on track and it is been executed well. In terms of financial flexibility and our overall balance sheet, making good progress, and again, going forward, that's not a use of cash to de-lever, and we've also reduced our average interest expense a bit; we'll continue to look at that of course. We remain committed to a dividend – and the return of capital to shareholders through that dividend – that grows with earnings. That's a board decision, but nothing has changed there. Tom just touched on opportunities for M&A-related growth where, we have many, it's just a question of discipline and to some degree, seller expectations that may be ahead of where they need to be. And then of course, as we continue to generate substantial free cash flow through time, substantial operating cash flow, we expect to have a balanced approach of reinvesting that, whether that's CapEx or M&A-like growth and returning it whether that's through dividend or share repurchase.
John R. McPherson: And keep in mind, that the parts of that funding that are non-federal, are growing typically in our markets at a higher rate.
John R. McPherson: So the state and local funding is growing at a substantially higher rate in many of our markets than you see the federal dollars, but as Tom explained, the long-term federal program is certainly helpful to getting those state level funds and revenues sources from being collected to actually being spent on key projects.
John R. McPherson: Bob, it's John. Our view is pretty straight forward. We think there's substantial runway left. As you recall from our Investor Day, and we laid this out on a cash gross profit basis on Investor Day, but as we continue to move forward in the recovery, continue to move back toward normal levels of demand with the kind of pricing environment we expect, we should be able to continue converting that incremental revenue at about 60%. And doing that through this period of time gets us to a cash gross profit number that instead of being a little bit less than $6 this quarter will be a little bit above $8. So, substantial room left. I'd remind people that as an entire construction complex, more and more people are appropriately focused on earning fair returns on capital. And earning these kind of incremental margins is consistent with that view. So, we are very, very focused on it and we don't see anything from where we sit that should limit our progress on that dimension in the near-term.
John R. McPherson: Hey, Bob, it's John. While I appreciate the effort, we're not going to give guidance for 2016 on this call. But I'd just reiterate what we've said, which is, as we sit here today in early November, the core trends that we see in terms of demand recovery and the pricing environment, we see continuing into the fourth quarter and into 2016. So we don't see a significant shift in overall trajectory, but we're not prepared at this time to give specific guidance.
John R. McPherson: This isn't a direct answer to your question, but I would just remind folks on this – as Tom was saying – on both price and volume, there is of course, as there always is, a lot of variability across our portfolio geographically. So, if you were to look at the rates of volume growth or the rates of price growth, they're pretty well dispersed around the average. And so, we have – of course, as we get a little more clarity on our 2016 plans – we're going to have some geographies that are certainly slower growth than others, and some that are faster growth than others, and we'll have to incorporate all of that into our guidance for next year.
John R. McPherson: Stan, it's John. One thing I just continue to underscore for those on the call is just as with volume, and I'll highlight both, but if you look at pricing by our general manager areas, if the average for the company was around 8% for the quarter, we have – and I'm just looking at what numbers I have in front of me – we have some that are 14%, 12%, 12%, 11%, 9%, and we do have a couple that are 3%, 2%, negative 1%, negative 3%. So there's a lot of dispersion based on local market factors, and in a single quarter, mix of business and other things. The same is true on the volume side of the business. If the average volume is roughly 7.5%, then you've got some that are up 20%, 19%, 13%, 11%, 10%, 10%. But you also have a couple, as we highlighted, that are nearly – like Illinois – nearly down 10%. And so, again, any single quarter view is going to have that kind of dispersion amongst our geographic businesses, and therefore all the more reason to make sure you also take these kind of trailing 12 month or longer-term views of the business.
John R. McPherson: I think it's primarily – this is John – primarily a one-time issue. And you saw some, if you will, elevated above recent trend cost and relating to other income and expense. And a lot of that had to do with some one-time environmental charges including some settlement of past liabilities. So, I would think most of that is one-time.
John R. McPherson: And Tom, we've talked it about a lot, I mean they're going to be – as we continue to transition our crews and our scheduling levels, like many in the industry, from operating most of our plants as shared crews to having fully staffed plants again, there's going to be a little – the transition is not going to go perfectly. The key for us is to monitor it, manage it, correct it and to stay on top of it. But they're going to be some things like this as we transition from such historically low shipment levels back to something that's more normal, particularly given that we've been operating in some of these markets with shared crews across two or three plants. Just changing that staffing model is going to – is not going to be frictionless.
