J. Thomas Hill: Thanks, Suzanne. I'm proud of our peoples' performance in the third quarter. They delivered impressive results under tough circumstances. We continued our sharp focus on all aspects of operational excellence, including our safety performance where our year-to-date injury rate is 0.91 per 200,000 employee hours worked, which is world-class. In the third quarter, we made solid progress toward our longer-term goals. And as we look to 2019, we're confident that we will continue to gain momentum in compounding improving price increases, and in our operating disciplines that drive cost improvements, both of which continue to grow unit margins. Now we'll be happy to take your questions.
J. Thomas Hill: Sure. If you step back and look at our pricing momentum in our business, it's clearly improving. We like the continued growth that we're seeing in price increases. Now, we expect, as we talked about in the – all through the year, we expect pricing increases to continue to step up quarter-over-quarter. And you saw that between Q2 and Q3, and it's really – that's really the basis of that is the continued improvement on price increases on bid work. We can see it in our backlogs. We see it in our booking paces. And as you kind of go through the individual markets, you can watch it just inch up week-over-week, month-over-month. Now, Trey, we'll see a bigger jump in January, as most of our price increases for fixed plant work go into effect at that point. Those conversations are happening as we speak with those fixed plant customers for 2019. We're very encouraged by those conversations. The preliminary view, as we said, would be mid-single digit. Obviously, we'll give you a lot more clarity of that in February, but underpinning all of this, and we talk about this a lot, is a visibility to big and more and more public work that's coming. We're starting to ship a lot of those jobs, so people are feeling good and have confidence in the market. They have good visibility. Diesel prices and logistics costs, we're starting to overcome those and that just widens our moat. So, as we step back and look at it, our price increases are clearly moving up.
J. Thomas Hill: Sure. I would tell you that the momentum we have had in Q3 is carrying right into Q4. I'll say it right up front, we try to be thoughtful about how many shipping days are available in Q4 to make up the postponed work from the weather in Q3. Texas continued to be wet all through October. But when the sun came out in Texas, we've shipped strong. Now the rest of the country has been very strong and it just underpins the strength of our underlying demand in our markets. When we got dry weather, we're shipping. Prices on bid work continue to move up. I think the operations execution we saw in Q3 clearly carried into October. So, we should see not only that volume momentum go into Q4, we should also carry that unit margin improvement momentum into Q4. And this really sets us up good for 2019 kind of along all those disciplines.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I'll take a shot at that. We talked a little bit about that in the geographic mix and price. And so we saw big shipments on large, particularly public work jobs in Arizona, Alabama and Illinois. We would take those jobs every day but they are at lower prices and therefore lower corresponding unit margins. At the same time, we got hit a little bit with weather in Virginia and in North Carolina, which are both higher price and higher margin. So all that mix was in there, but you're going to have mix at any time in this, I think. But if you look across our footprint, Jerry, we're seeing prices go up pretty much across our footprint. I think in the third quarter, I was very pleased with the breadth of operating improvements and kind of everybody's unit margin improving. And to make this thing happen, you want the whole group to go up at the same time and just move everything up a notch. And you've seen us do this before. And I think you saw the beginning of that in Q3 and we look – I think we're taking that right into Q4 and 2019.
J. Thomas Hill: Well, as you know, that's more than a doubling effect of funding in California for highway funding is what SB1 is. We're already seeing – that work is already being lapped. We won't see any those of jobs this year. But we'll see a fair amount of that flow through in 2019, both in Aggregates and in Asphalt. I'll remind you, we have the leading positions in both product lines. But I'll just address SB1 if you want me to.
J. Thomas Hill: We're really encouraged by the support we see at SB1. There is an enormous effort to defeat Prop 6 in California. And if you watch the World Series, you even saw TV ads for defeating Prop 6 in California. People in California want their roads fixed and they're tired of it. Ironically, there's 15 local ballot initiatives in California on – right now in November for increasing infrastructure funding. So, supporting SB1 is just the right thing to do. Remember, we've already collected almost $5 billion in taxes that will flow through in 2019 and 2020. On top of that, there's another $1.5 billion per year in local funding. So, as you've heard us say before, California is growing. It's going to grow with or without SB1. SB1 is the right thing to do, and we're very encouraged by the support we've seen from Californians for SB1.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. So, I think I would characterize that as solid, private very much growing public, and the public is really driven by highway funding, which we have a lot of visibility to. And we're just starting to touch the tip of the iceberg on flow through of all that funding, because remember it always takes two years for it to flow through. So, the demand we see is really public driven. But if you'll allow me to, I'd like to just kind of cover 2019 while we're on it. If we step back and look at it from a broad point-of-view, remember we're still – as I said earlier, we're still in the – we have long way to go to normalized demand much less peak, particularly with this much public funding coming on. We gave you mid-single digit price and volume. The business performance in Q3 gives us a lot of momentum going into Q4 and into 2019. Backlogs are at much higher levels and at higher prices, so is our booking pace. As we said earlier, the conversations on fixed plant increases for January of 2019 have gone very well. And I would summarize it to say that our – you're really seeing our profit engine start to accelerate. I would – kind of to Suzanne's point about strategy, I'd point to four key factors. One, our markets are going to grow faster than the rest of the country really because of our geographic advantage, but also our customer service and what we're – our visibility to backlogs and very large jobs that are booked are coming. Second point is, as Suzanne said, we expect to deliver expanding unit margins with good flow-throughs, drivers which will be, A, compounding price improvements; B, operating leverage with higher volumes; and C, our operating efficiencies that you saw in Q3. Third one, as you talked about, conversion of earnings into cash flows. And the fourth one was our disciplined approach to capital deployment. We're really focused on getting the full value out of our acquisitions and capturing the synergies that are available. We'll come back with guidance in February and a lot clearer view from your volume perspective, as we get kind of through the fourth quarter we got a better view of where these projects stand, particularly large highway projects and large non-res projects. And so, we'll just have a clearer picture at that point. But this is, our core structure's clear and it's really the same model you've seen from us deliver before.
J. Thomas Hill: So let's back up Q3, we saw that momentum. Q4, we're in October. We're seeing that growth momentum. I would describe the private side as solid. I would describe the public side is growing, and we're turning those rapidly-growing public funding and Aggregates shipments now, which we've been waiting for a while. But if you look at states like Georgia, Texas, South Carolina Tennessee, California, just to name a few, there's big, big public demand growth. So I think if we step back and let's put it in a little different perspective. If you look at nine of our states, which constitute over 80% of our revenues, the highway funding and local initiative funding in those states is up $20 billion per year. And most of those shipments haven't hit us yet. We haven't converted those tax revenues into shipments. And if you put that on a – compared to a federal bill, that would be an increase of almost 50% in a federal bill in just nine states. So that's a sea change in public funding and it's just now starting to flow through, so it'll flow through, it'll continue to increase in 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022. But this is a big deal and it underpins our confidence in the markets and the demand in those markets.
J. Thomas Hill: I'll take big jobs in any market I got any time. I think what we – what you're seeing though is with good weather in Virginia and North Carolina in October, we've shipped very well. So those are not a matter of I don't want to see a decrease in shipments in Alabama, Arizona or Illinois, but I think you're starting to see that volume, that pent-up demand ship in places like North Carolina and Virginia even Georgia.
J. Thomas Hill: How do you know the conversations we're having right now? Actually, we're just working through that, and that's a great question and one that, if you look at the mid-single digit volume, I would tell you we have solid confidence in that. How we vary from that will be timing of – as I said earlier, timing of large jobs. We've still got to step back and look at weather effect and how that works, which is extremely hard to do, but we'll get through it. And I think we'll give you a much clearer answer in February. I'm not trying to dodge your question, but that work is going on as we speak.
J. Thomas Hill: That's a great question. The characteristics of the storms this year are quite different from last year. We don't see the lingering impacts that we saw and – both in shipments and in cost in general. Now, as you called out, wet weather in Texas has been an issue. I'd also tell you when the sun shines in Texas, we're shipping very strong. We've still got pumps (38:19) pumping lower levels, but we're operating all of our facilities. I don't think we have any facilities that aren't back up and running. So, I would call us in good shape on the East Coast. I'd say we're very healthy in Texas. When it quits raining every day, we ship. So, I don't see any lingering effects like we saw a year ago.
J. Thomas Hill: Well, first of all, I think we were pretty disciplined in the downturn. And I think we've been very disciplined over the last four or five years in making sure where we had inventories that were long, i.e., fines or base, that we cut into those and I think we're in much better shape. Always you have sizes that times get short, particularly Asphalt, and I think we've done a good job maximizing our efficiencies in our plant, which affects cost but also inventory. So, as we stand right now, I think we're in great shape on inventories, not too much, not too little, and the right amount. I think that our planning process and our coordination has gotten better, and we've honed that in the return back to better shipments. So, I think we're going in a great shape. I think our plants and our facilities have a lot of flexibility to move up or down and be nimble with adjusting demand whether that's fundamental or timing of jobs or weather, and I think we've actually gotten better at that. And obviously, we've had good practice with weather over the last couple of years. So, I think we're in great shape. As far as the public demand is concerned, it tends to, and I'd underscore tends, new public construction tends to support a lot of base, also which is very good for operations, uses up our fines and I think we can adjust quickly off of that. It also uses a lot of the high-end pricing of asphalt aggregates, and also fits our Asphalt business. So, I think we're in really good shape and I think our folks on a local level have done a very good job being coordinated and ready for whatever comes at them.
J. Thomas Hill: I'll let Suzanne take this, but I'll start with telling you that our capital priorities haven't changed. As you look at the M&A out there, we are as I said earlier, we're really focused on capturing the synergies of the acquisitions we've made and the greenfield work that we're working on, both of those tend to be some of our highest returns. But remember, our biggest engine of growth is going to be the volume growth and growing unit margins. You got a taste of that in Q3. It's exciting. We see it flowing rapidly into October and November. So – but I'll let Suzanne take capital priorities.
J. Thomas Hill: If you step back and look at the Aggregates business and with the Aggregates-focused business, we're just different and I'd call us special in this area. We have clear potential to do quite well in an environment of rising commodity cost. And that's really driven by three things; improving prices; compounding over time, which we've talked about; and remember, higher fuel and logistics only widens the moat and now you're starting to see us starting to capture the widening of that moat. You saw the tip of that in Q3. We own our major input, which is the rock in the ground. And the third point is there's plenty of room for improving unit margins with prices, better operating execution, and seeing fixed cost leverage. I'd take you back, as a reminder, over the past five years since the recovery began, our total cost of sales is up less than 1% per year with diesel being up 7% per year. So if you talk to our folks, they'd tell you that improving unit margins no matter what happens at the outside, it is our job, it's what we do. You saw progress of that in the third quarter. You've seen us do this before and you see us take great momentum on this into Q4 into 2019. So I have great confidence that we'll continue to grow unit margins regardless.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. Let me just kind of take you through the haves and have-nots on that. California, demand solid private, really big growth in highways. We've seen really good unit margin improvement in California. You've heard us talk about prices with step function in California over last year and this year, and I think that continues. They've also done a really good job of improving their cost and a lot of their operating efficiencies. So, I think the issue – and I'm really looking at from a growth and unit margin perspective, I'll give both price and how I see that. So very healthy in California; Texas, solid private growth, big growth in public demand with highways. Remember, Prop 7 again kicks in this year with an additional $3 billion. Prices in Texas, I would call out as energized. That started kind in the second half, but it's really going to hit in January 2019 with fixed plant price improvements, costs have been improving, solid margin growth, and you're going to have upside in Texas potentially in 2019 and 2020 in energy projects and we'd go back to that later. Gulf Coast, I would tell you a little slower and kind of – not a little bit of growth in volumes, some price increases. But I would tell you a little bit harder, but they're doing a good job with it just because the volume is big and public is not there. Southeast, very healthy good private, good public. Big funding South Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia. Pricing is very good, continues to be very good. Improving operating discipline, so you'll see another jump in margins in 2019. East Coast, again very, very good. Growing private, growing public, much better pricing I think right now in bid work and going into 2019. And I think we've seen their operations breakout in the third quarter. So in the end, overall, I think our business model is on track. Solid – summary, solid private, growing public, prices moving up sharply in a lot of places, good operating disciplines, driving spend margins. I think we feel really good finishing this year and going into 2019.
J. Thomas Hill: Let's step back. I'll let Suzanne kind of talk about what happened because I think it's important visibility to what happened in Asphalt in Q3 and then I'll touch some on the markets and what to expect.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I think that's well explained. So, our prices went up $4. And sequentially quarter-over-quarter Asphalt went up for about $40, which is $2 of cost. Our unit margins were down $2.50. So you can see we were going to catch it except for we got caught again with an increase in liquid. This is the one place in our business where commodity/energy can hit us hard and fast. It – remember, it's only 10% of our business, but it is also only temporary. Unit margins will catch up. They always do. I think our Asphalt business has a very bright future, particularly with all the highway funding, which is a big driver of asphalt demand. And it's really exciting if you look at where that money is and where we're in the Asphalt business or leader in the Asphalt business in Texas, Tennessee and California. So this will fix itself. It always does. And by the way when it turns down, we'll put a bunch of that in our pocket.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. The railroads continue to try to improve. We're still having issues. I think we're – they're slowly getting there, but it's cost us some volume and it's cost us some opportunities in 2018, and in fact, we're working on railroad stuff next week to try to make sure that we got it behind us as we enter 2019. As far as the storm is concerned, we did have a washout, which cut us off for a few weeks from one of our yards. Bad news is, we couldn't get the yard. The good news was, we shipped rock to fill in the washout. So kind of a little bit of good and bad with that. But as far as our facilities are concerned and it's a great question. I think that we're in good shape including railroad ability to service our yards along the coast.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I think we've seen a little bit of that. I'll also tell you, we've seen – we're seeing some very large ones kick-off, particularly in Southern California. In fact, one of the largest ever done is right outside of our quarry in San Diego, which we're really excited about. It'll start to really crank up next year. If you look at res in our markets just fundamentally, ours are stronger than most around the country and the fundamentals are just there. You got population growth. You got continuing employment growth. You still got low inventories of houses, I think. So we see continued steady growth in res, maybe not as robust as it's been in the past, but steady. Maybe probably a little stronger in single than multi, which is okay for us because it's more Aggregates-intensive.
J. Thomas Hill: I would call it a mix. I would also point out that the inside to this is that these large projects, the different DOTs are at different stages of being able to handle them and handle them in a timely manner. Texas, like as I said earlier, has done the best job of giving big projects and having them ready and have them flow through smoothly. We are just seeing in a lot of states the big design build jobs take substantially longer than maybe what is budgeted or is planned by the DOT or the contractors. And we've been talking about this. I think that we have a better handle on that as we plan for 2019 and 2020 than maybe we did as we planned for 2017 and 2018 just because we know the right questions to ask. But you're right. It is a mix and it is taking longer to get done. Now, once they get going, they're quite efficient.
J. Thomas Hill: The short answer to your question, yeah, U.S. Aggregates has been impacted. As I step back and look at it, these assets are a really good strategic fit for us. We'll probably be a little short, about $50 million, maybe in the $45 million range. Three issues there. And the short-term issue is weather, as you called out, really related to Michael. As we talked about earlier, the rail service interruption have been real for us there. They have cost us volume. They have cost us opportunities in customer service. And then there's – the third item there would be there's a very large – there's some very large project work in Florida. There's backlog. It's to the tune of about 2 million tons. We expected it to ship in 2018. We'll start shipping in 2019. Probably a blessing in disguise with the rail issues we have that it did get pushed back. But one of the things we're really pleased with, with Agg USA, is the plant improvements and the efficiency improvements and cost improvements that we implemented this year. It gets us set up for 2019. I think if you look at 2019's plan, we'll capture the synergies in volume, cost, prices and unit margins. And so far, we can't control temporary issues out of your control obviously, but we're pleased with execution, plan and strategic fit.
J. Thomas Hill: We've read a lot about it. There's all kinds of theories that it will cause diesel to go up and liquid to go – AC to go down. I think what's important about that is, as we talk about all the time, we'll handle what – we can't control that, we'll handle what gets thrown at us. We'll adjust accordingly with price and with escalators, and we'll watch it very closely, but too early to tell. And I don't know that we need a view as much as we need to be ready for whatever happens.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I think July and August were meeting our expectations. There's no slowdown. That is really shipping at a pretty good pace. And last quarter, same-store, if I remember, it was – or the same-store this year, this quarter, it was 10% and 6% (01:07:46). There was a lot off from what we had last quarter. I think if you look at the underlying demand and all the leading indicators and what's happening on the ground, we feel really good about volume. We continue to ship strong in October. We called out Texas, but every place – even in Texas, we were shipping when we have a ray of sunshine, and the rest of the country has been strong. So, I think we feel really good about underlying demand, project work starting to flow, public funding starting to flow in, kind of steady on the private side. And I think October only gives us more confidence in that. The mid-single-digit for next year, it's just too early to tell. We've got work to do. We have confidence in that, but we've got a lot of work to do on that as we've talked about in the call.
J. Thomas Hill: Yes, we – the short answer is, yes, we do. Our Concrete businesses are in, what I'll call, privileged markets, both the growth profile and the structure of the markets. But we – even with volume down, we did better, and that was really weather in Virginia. But, again, there are – prices continue to move up and offset any raw materials costs or fuel costs. And we would expect that flowing into 2019.
J. Thomas Hill: As we look into 2019, we don't see the slowdown in the projects that we see out there in our markets. So, they'd be further out if it – much further out if it happens. And again, the fundamentals are there, our backlogs and talking to our customers, we actually feel kind of good about slow and steady. But we're not seeing a slowdown in our market. So, it's hard for me to predict it, but it'd be pretty far out because we have some visibility to it.
J. Thomas Hill: I would – yeah, it's probably not too far out in any of our markets, particularly with our Asphalt business in California. You got to remember that with public coming on, it really helps the Asphalt business and the flow-through of Aggregates into that business and the base that goes underneath it. So, we are looking forward to more highway projects in California.
J. Thomas Hill: Sure. It's just core disciplines, and we've taken a look at our largest facilities, a number of them had teams look at them for opportunity searches. I think our folks are always doing this. If I took you to any of our plants, they're going to have a conversation about how to improve throughput of the plant, how to improve downtime in the plant, how to get more out of their fuel costs, out of their explosives costs. There's nothing here that is anything except for really, really good hard core operating disciplines and attention to detail and sharing knowledge across our footprint. And if you talk to any of our folks, they'd just tell you that's their job, that's what they do.
J. Thomas Hill: Thank you. As you can tell, Suzanne and I are excited about our business. It's really fun to watch our profit engines crank up. We're excited with the performance in Q3, really excited as we look into Q4 and 2019. We appreciate the time you spent with us this morning. We appreciate your support of Vulcan. We look forward to seeing you and speaking with you throughout the quarter, and we hope you have a great week. Thank you.
Suzanne H. Wood: Yeah. I'll just add a couple of comments to that on Q4. You're right, the guidance does imply an uplift of about 22% year-over-year, and obviously that's going to be driven by the things that Tom mentioned. When we looked at the volume in the quarter, it's about in line with what we experienced in the third quarter in terms of sort of 6% same-store volume in the Aggregates segment. We've got the gradual step-up in price, and we've also – we are assuming that flow-throughs will be good and unit profitability will improve. As Tom said, I think the keyword here is thoughtful. We're sitting here at the end of October talking about guidance for the full year and giving some preliminary view to next year, so we tried to really be thoughtful about the guidance we were given. We've got pretty much of October behind us. We only have one more day to go. So, any of the trends that we saw strength across the country, perhaps a little bit of wetness in Texas early in the quarter, we – or early in the month, we have already factored that into the guidance.
Suzanne H. Wood: Yeah, absolutely. That's a fair question and I'll try to give you a couple of examples of that. I mean, first and foremost, our strategic focus needs to be on improving our business, and when I say that to be specific that means improving our unit profitability. So all the actions you see us take with respect to pricing improvements, with respect to improving efficiencies across all of our plants with respect to any other initiatives we put in place, it's all around driving that unit profitability. And in addition to that, making sure that when we are deploying our capital, we are doing it in a very disciplined and thoughtful way to drive an appropriate return on that. So, really getting sort of into things with operations. It's something I love doing and I plan on working hard to try to help the field identify some of those unit profitability improvements and getting those into place. And then in addition to that, just making sure that all of that hard work converts into a good cash flow stream, I think is key. So, those are the priorities. I hope that's helpful and I look forward to updating you on those and talking about those as we go through the year.
Suzanne H. Wood: Yeah. I'll add just a little bit to that as well. I mean, coming in new, I try to look at it from what are we hearing on the macro front. We look at some of the same drivers that all of you on the call do, the ABI, the Dodge Momentum Index and various other measurement points. I would call your attention to one slide that is in the supplemental information we prepared. It comes from Dodge Analytics. I'm a big – I'm impressed with the information they provide having used it a lot in my past life. But on page eight in the slide deck, it shows the year-over-year change in trailing 12 months in terms of highway award dollars, and it separates that into what that picture of improvement looks like in the markets that we serve versus all the other markets. And as Tom mentioned, in the markets we serve, there is a significant increase in highway award dollars there. So where we are geographically does help us quite a bit from the macro perspective. And I think that we have many touch points on the ground, our plant managers, our sales people, other employees, our customers and so we want to make sure that we listen to what they're telling us. I think that as a complement to the macro data, you can't overlook what you're hearing on the ground and that provides you with a lot of intelligence as well. And so we're getting good indicators from those people as well. So, what we have heard on the ground isn't inconsistent in any way with macro.
Suzanne H. Wood: Yeah. I would agree with that and I would also add, if you look at some of the comparative inventory numbers, either comparing our Q3 number back to the beginning of the year or to third quarter last year, it will appear that it's a little bit higher. But that's as a result of the acquisitions that we've made over the year and really doesn't reflect any significant movement in the inventory levels at our same-store quarries.
Suzanne H. Wood: Yeah. I would just add there, also referencing back to the slide deck when you get a chance. On slide 4, we have put in some longer-term trend data where we actually calculate our compound annual growth rate and we measure that as against trailing 12-month second quarter 2013, sort of really the start of the recovery. I like this slide because it shows that the improvements we made are not sort of one quarter, one-year type improvement. These are incremental compounding improvements that we need to stay focused on and continue to drive. On that slide, it specifically calls out the one measure, which I think is a great one and says a lot about how nimble and flexible Vulcan is when it comes to managing through sort of whatever comes at you over a five-year period, and that's unit cost of sales has increased less than 1% over that five-year period. And also on the slide, it's what I think is one of the most exciting numbers on the page and that is that through some compounding pricing improvement, over that five-year period, through managing our costs and efficiencies at the plant level, over that same period, our compound annual growth rate and gross profit per ton is 13%. That's a pretty – it's a pretty strong business model to take us forward.
Suzanne H. Wood: Yeah. Sure. I mean, Tom is right. I mean, the liquid asphalt is where we saw a pretty significant acceleration of price in the third quarter. We've had some price increases leading in before that and had raised our prices to take that increase into account and combat. So our prices actually went up about 8% in terms of what we were able to pass along to customers in the third quarter. But liquid asphalt cost in the third quarter went up 29% and that had an impact – that 29% had an impact of about $60 million in the third quarter. So that's a pretty tough number to overcome, particularly when it happens quickly like that. But just as you saw us be able to raise prices 8% going in, we will continue to raise prices to offset this 29% increase that we saw. I mean there's always just a bit of a time lag on the front end as you try to catch that upward curve.
Suzanne H. Wood: Yeah. I'd I just add to that the states that we called out there that have seen some of that improvement, Texas and California, keep in mind, those are two of our largest states in terms of Aggregates. So whatever is going on there, we will definitely get our fair share of it.
Suzanne H. Wood: And I think again, we – I'm sorry – I think, again, that mid-single-digits for next year – and my favorite word is thoughtful – we've tried to be thoughtful about putting that together. And as we get more information leading into when we next speak to you guys with Q4 and as we go through next year, you get more and more visibility. There's more activity being booked. And so we would, as we always would, adjust that as needed as we go forward next year. If things pick up and are strong then we will come back in and share with you our latest view on that.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: First color is – first question is really just circling back on the rails, any color on rail line transportation bottlenecks easing? And also, I know that there were several rail lines that were washed out post-Hurricane Florence and wanted to get any color you have on recovery efforts there. Thank you.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: Thanks. I wanted to focus a little bit on residential. We've noted in this – as you know we try to have a boots-on-the-ground view of the market and I found that in both Texas and in Tennessee in particular, we've seen some larger greenfield residential projects that were either put to the side in last cycle and are starting up or are being developed to address fast-growing markets. What are you seeing in terms of this type of trend, particularly in the light of rising interest rates, and would love to just get your view on that trend in general. Thank you.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: Yeah. No, we're definitely aware of that. Then just in terms of – you've touched on SB1 in California and starting to see strong lettings out of that state, we've been tracking on our end. Could you talk about other states where you're seeing those dollars translating to volumes that perhaps passed legislation, for instance, like in Georgia and Texas, but you're seeing in terms of the pace that will – volumes will improve from the dollars? Thank you.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: Yeah. No, it definitely does because it helps to set expectations for California because the way we've seen it, it typically takes at least 24-plus months for the dollars to hit to the volumes to actually get flowing. So, that was helpful.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: Thank you. And then finally, one of the things that we've seen with these big infrastructure projects that's maybe a little bit different than the past is they're really – they're very large projects...
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: Okay. Perfect. And based on the quarry run you held at Nashville, your inventories look just fine in Middle Tennessee. Thank you very much.
