Donald M. James: Bob, the $55 million is fully in place. It includes $25 million that we took out during the course of 2011 and an additional $30 million on the restructuring that was announced in December, which will be essentially fully in place by the end of this month, so that is a separate number. That includes -- it's virtually all overhead, including both SAG categories and general production overhead categories. The $100 million in profit improvement comes from a significantly different focus. It is leveraging the opportunities we have with our new ERP and Shared Services program and extending and leveraging our existing procurement program to additional goods and services over a broad range of activities. We expect to get $25 million of earnings or EBITDA in 2012 from this project, an additional $75 million in 2013 and the full $100 million by 2014. All of that is incremental to the $55 million of overhead reductions already in place.
Donald M. James: With respect to the getting back to peak EBITDA levels, given our enhanced profitability in our Aggregates business since the peak of the last cycle, I think we are about $0.85 per ton in cash margin above where we were at the peak of the last cycle. With the Profit Enhancement Plan we've announced today and with continuing improvement in our Aggregates business and some improvement in our other segments, we are confident that we can get our peak EBITDA levels at 25% below the peak volume levels that we experienced in the 2005, 2006 timeframe.
Donald M. James: We had, as I indicated, substantial improvement in all of our productivity measures, labor, every productivity. We track, 8 or 10 key operating metrics at all of our plants, and we improved every one of them. I will also say, and though it doesn't directly go to margin improvement, our safety, health and environmental performance at our plants reached record levels. We had the best year in history in the safety performance at our plants and the environmental performance at our plants, all of which works together. The earnings improvement was the pickup of 3% volume in the quarter really helped move the needle. We have so much leverage to volume that even modest increases in volume really help drive earnings, along with the improved efficiencies that we had throughout our system.
Donald M. James: I don't think so, Ted. I think we've said that's -- putting aside the Profit Enhancement Plan, but looking at -- we've always said the 60% flow-through, you have to look at over the course of a full year, individual quarters are going to move up and down. But I think the Profit Enhancement Plan can expand that. But on a regular basis, I don't -- I wouldn't expand other than as you build the Profit Enhancement Plan into those models.
Donald M. James: Ted, we have a basket of assets we would consider selling. We don't need to sell the whole basket. We can sell a subset of the basket. We are looking for the best values for our company to achieve the best prices and the best impact on our bottom line. So we will look at various assets across that spectrum, and determine where we ought to move forward.
Donald M. James: Well, as you can tell, our Concrete segment as a whole has negative earnings. Our Cement segment is close to breakeven. Our excess land doesn't generate earnings. It has some marginal carrying costs in terms of taxes and other things. We don't -- it really -- the answer to your question depends on the basket -- which of the basket of assets we ultimately end up selling. It could be positive; it could be negative; it could be neutral. We are really looking for the best deals we can find. So I don't think we have an assessment of that at this point.
Donald M. James: Well there are, as I said, a much larger value of assets than $500 million that we will consider. Our valuations are always based on discounted cash flows over a period of years. And that's the basis that we will go forward. We believe there are some assets in our portfolio that are probably significantly more valuable to other people than they are to us, because they would have synergies. For example, someone with excess cement capacity might be very interested in additional concrete assets. That's just one example.
Donald M. James: Well, the total volume change in our projection from '11 to '12 for Aggregates is 1% to 2%. On a same-store basis, as I said, that's 2% to 3%. So if you want to take 2011 volumes, add 1% to 2%, that's where we are. The aggregates we divested in 2011 versus the aggregates that we acquired in 2011, the aggregates we acquired are somewhat higher margin than the aggregates we divested. So there's some margin improvement impact to the shift from -- shift in markets in those transactions.
Donald M. James: Okay. Those are largely behind us, both the cost and expense of getting there are largely behind us with ERP platform and the Shared Services platforms and the existing procurement platform. Not many of you followed us back in 1996 and 1997, but we reengineered our entire procurement process then; brought it up to a state-of-the-art process at that point. We will continue to update that and expand it, and that will help us significantly in Profit Enhancement Plan.
Donald M. James: Our board has always looked at cash earnings as a source for dividend payments. That is a very, very important issue for our board. We would very much like to get -- restore a dividend and continue to grow a dividend. We will take a look at that at the end of the first quarter. Again, we looked at it very carefully. As you know, in the fourth quarter of last year, we looked at it again in our most recent board meeting, and we'll continue to look at it very carefully as we move forward. But I think our board's view is we need to restore it sooner rather than later.
Donald M. James: Jack, I think every asset we have in our basket, we have had people asking us to buy those over the last 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 years. So there's plenty of interest in them. I don't know where and what CEMEX is proposing to sell. But we believe that there will be significant buyers with, hopefully, significant synergies who will be interested in our assets that we have in our planned asset sales.
Donald M. James: California has a very robust highway program, and we are benefiting from that significantly. Other volumes in California have stabilized. The private sector volumes have stabilized albeit at low levels. But the big driver in California is highways. A lot of people don't really understand that or don't want to believe it because what they read about California's budget, there’s a very robust highway program going on out there. We're benefiting from it substantially.
Donald M. James: And we get the benefits, Jack, of both aggregates and asphalt and to some limited extent in concrete in the infrastructure of the highway program in California. So we get the leverage from both asphalt, as well as aggregates.
Donald M. James: A little bit. The big bump is in multifamily. While our outlook for U.S. starts, housing starts for 2012 is about 714, about 488 of that is single-family starts, which is a very low number. As you know, multifamily has been the driver, and the multifamily is consuming heavy construction materials because it's not being built on existing developed lots. There's a little bit of lot development, but there's still a big inventory of developed lots. They may not be in the right place for homebuilders but – and so there is some incremental lot development, but it's still modest.
Donald M. James: Well, that is certainly something we are working hard on and we'll pursue. We are not in a position to quantify a number there yet. As you know, if you have looked at our recent debt, our margin per ton and cost per ton, our margin per ton is substantially higher than our chief competitor and our cost per ton is substantially lower. We do think we've got opportunity for continued improvement. We'll get there, but I think we are more confident and have done more work to date on the other categories, but that doesn't mean we're not going to be pursuing improvement there. We have improvement in our Aggregates business built into our 2012 EBITDA projection. Some of that is price, a little bit is volume and a little bit is cost improvement. What we get in this project would be in addition to what we have built into our 2012 outlook, but we will update you on that as we go quarter-by-quarter through 2012.
Donald M. James: Well, our concrete, we don't have cement in California. As I said, we have divested our concrete in Arizona and New Mexico. We do not have cement in Texas. We don't have cement in Maryland, Virginia and Washington D.C. The concrete we have in Florida and Georgia can be served by our cement plan in north Florida. We do have some cement swaps in place, but a significant portion of our concrete is not supplied directly at least by Vulcan cement.
Donald M. James: I don't have that number in front of me, but that's in the ballpark. We have some very good concrete businesses that we don't supply with cement. We do supply the vast majority of our Concrete businesses with our own aggregates, and that will be a key issue for us in determining selling these assets is that we preserve the ability to supply the aggregates to the concrete businesses.
Donald M. James: Kathryn, the majority of the improvement is as a result of operating leverage from the 3% higher volume, a little bit of price improvement and very good productivity efficiencies, both labor, fuel, explosives, other energy, electricity, not much from the overhead cost reduction that was in the fourth quarter aggregates improvement. Certainly, as we go forward, the $56 million of run rate -- $55 million of run rate, some of that will flow through and help aggregates. But I think fourth quarter was really operating leverage more than anything else.
Donald M. James: Certainly, in the end of the fourth quarter, we had favorable weather in a number of our markets. Our shipments were very strong in the latter part of the fourth quarter. Without being specific, that shipment trend has continued. How much of it is weather and how much of it is improvement in demand is always problematic to determine. But we are pleased with the 3% volume growth we had in the fourth quarter. And as we've indicated, we expect 2% to 3% volume growth for full year '12 on a same-store basis. How much pull forward there is or is not is very difficult for us to determine at this point.
Donald M. James: We don't think good weather in the first quarter is going to change the total demand outlook for full year 2012. It may move some volume around from one month to the next or from one quarter to the next, but it really is not going to be a factor. First quarter weather is not going to be a factor in full year demand. Sometimes fourth quarter…
Donald M. James: As we look at our end markets, and these are Vulcan-served counties, at a macro level, we have highways -- shipments in the highways, and this is not Vulcan specific. This is demand in our end markets. Highway's down about 3%; housing, up 15%, but the vast majority of that being multifamily; non-res being up about 3%; infrastructure being down about 2%. And if you roll all that up, that's about a 1% to 2% increase in volume -- aggregate volume in our served markets. That doesn't say anything about market share or ability to serve particular projects or whether -- who will get the work and who has advantages and disadvantages based on the where it may be. But from a macro standpoint, that's our current outlook.
Donald M. James: I can assure you, it won't be equal across all markets. It never is and probably never will be. Some of it -- we pointed out in our comments, some of our strongest pricing in the fourth quarter came from Florida. We also had good pricing in the other markets I called out: Virginia, Texas, and Tennessee. So those are markets that were strong in the fourth quarter. As we look forward to 2012, those same markets seem to be relatively stronger, some shift, but both Florida and Texas should be good along with Tennessee. And perhaps some other markets, but we'll report on that as we go through the year.
Donald M. James: Well, I think the most important point is the commitment, we think, of both Houses and the administration that highway funding will be maintained under whatever legislative structure at the 41-ish kind of annual number. That's the most, I think, encouraging and the thing that we have the most confidence in, that we're going to see a continuation of highway funding whether by continuing the resolution or by a Senate bill or House bill. We think the funding levels through 2012 will remain at essentially current levels. Senate bill adds a little for inflation. So if the Senate bill were to pass, and be passed by the House as well, then there could be a slight uptick. We do not see the risk of cuts that we saw a year ago. I think the Senate bill has the best chance of passage. But to handicap it, it's very hard to say that we have high confidence that a multiyear bill will be passed by March 31. There certainly is a possibly, but I think the more important point is we do not see a scenario in which federal highway funding will be reduced.
Donald M. James: Well the best proposal out there is the President's budget, which has like $51 billion per year for 6 years, plus $50 billion on top of that. Whether that has any political viability or not depends on who you talk to. But certainly, the Senate bill, I think having some certainty for 2 years or 1.5 years, as it will be by the time it would pass, is beneficial to state DOTs. But as long as there continues to be stable funding and an outlook for stable funding, I think that would be helpful. Obviously, we'd much rather have a 5- or 6-year bill. But at this point, I think that's problematic in being able to identify the funding source. As you know, the house is talking about oil and gas revenues from federal lands being dedicated to the Highway Trust Fund. We'd love to see that happen. That's got a lot of political angst associated with it.
Donald M. James: Yes. For the full year, Todd -- and our cost for diesel fuel is a blend of off-road and on-road, which is different than some other folks. We burn on-road diesel in our ready-mix operations as well as our trucking operations in Texas and Illinois. Our average cost, as we said for 2011, was up about 35.4% over 2010. And the average price throughout the year was $3.31 per gallon. So you can get to 2010 numbers by doing the math. We think it's going to be essentially flat for 2012, which is a big deal if that comes about. That 35% higher diesel fuel cost us $35 million in earnings. So if we can -- and that's been escalating, as you know, for the last 2 or 3 years. So if we can get stable diesel fuel prices, that will be a big benefit to us, as opposed to having them go up 35% as they did in 2011.
Donald M. James: Well, if you look at our segment earnings in 2011 you can get up -- we don't report EBITDA -- we haven't reported EBITDA by segment, but I think if you look at the..
Donald M. James: If you look at the earnings by segment, you see a loss in concrete; you see a small loss in cement. So selling those assets will improve our near-term profitability.
Donald M. James: No, not necessarily. We don't need to sell all of our ready-mix and all of our cement by any stretch to get to $500 million.
Donald M. James: We have, as I've said in our remarks, we sold or divested in a transaction our ready-mix concrete business in Arizona and in New Mexico. Over the years, we have divested a lot of concrete assets that have come in acquisitions, along with aggregates. Concrete can be a good business, and it is a really good business for us in some markets. But concrete does not enjoy the same structural advantages of aggregates, primarily barriers to entry. And as a result of that, I think, concrete, over long periods of time, is a lower return, less profitable business than aggregates. Our obviously long-term strategic focus is on aggregates. That being said, there are some markets where the structural characteristics of concrete look more like aggregates, and we tend to do very well in those markets. And we -- so we're not, at this point, proposing to sell all the concrete assets. They are in the basket, but we will be very selective about what will make the most sense for us to sell.
Donald M. James: That -- we're looking at energy in our -- as part of our strategic sourcing plan. We also are looking at energy efficiency in our planning. As I indicated in the fourth quarter and full year 2011, we were much more energy efficient, including diesel fuel efficiency, over 2010. We will continue those efforts. So it is a combination of trying to buy better, be more efficient in the utilization. I can't give you a specific answer to your question, but those are embedded in both our -- in our strategic sourcing focus and our transportation and logistics focus. All of those have energy and diesel fuel, and that will be -- that is a very large component of our total input cost and a place that we are going to be very focused in trying to improve our results.
Donald M. James: Certainly, the cost actions we've announced in '11 and '12 will help us in that -- in reaching that goal. But the profitability improvement we have experienced over the last 3 or 4 years is the principal source of that opportunity. It will only be enhanced by the Profit Enhancement Plan we've announced today.
Donald M. James: My guys are doing some calculations to try to answer your question. I think our outlook is for continued infrastructure spending, primarily highway spending, in California in 2012. We had a good year, obviously, in 2011, but there's still a number of projects moving forward. California is about 13% of our aggregates shipments. It's a larger portion of our revenue because we have a significant Asphalt business in California, as well as ready-mix concrete. So in aggregates, it's 13% of our shipment.
Donald M. James: I think I was indicating we think it will continue to be strong. A lot depends on bid lettings as we go through the year.
Donald M. James: Clearly, a multiyear program gives visibility and confidence to states. Whether, I think, the impact -- if you have essentially level funding, a multiyear bill, even if it's only 2 years compared to continuing resolutions, probably just affects the timing of jobs and to some extent, the nature of the job. Shorter-term funding typically is used to support resurfacing and to some extent lane additions, whereas multiyear funding often results in large -- larger sort of new construction projects. But at the end of the day, it's really more of a timing between quarters and years rather than an absolute increase in demand, if I understood your question.
Donald M. James: Yes. And that's a timing thing. If something passed this year, which would allow the state DOTs to go ahead and take from their existing backlog of projects and put them out for bids, then yes, it would change the timing and it would pull volume forward.
Donald M. James: Yes. Let me get my hands on the -- if we look at -- well, I have in front of me 2012 and the change. I don't have the '11 data in front of me, but you can get to by -- in essence, highways in '11 were 103% of where we think it’s going to be in '12. Infrastructure is 102% of where we think it's going to be in '12. Housing was 85% in '11 of where we think it will be in '12. Non-res was 97% of where we think it'll be in '12. And overall, '11 was about 99% of where we think it'll be in '12. So I know we've got that data. I just don't have it in front of me. I just have the year-over-year change in end markets from '11 to '12. But you can get back into what '11 was.
Donald M. James: It's a mix issue. Concrete pricing is up. We expect it to continue to improve. But there's no significance to that.
Donald M. James: Well, thank you, all, for being with us today. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan. The primary theme I hope you heard from us today is that we are intensely focused on increasing our profitability and growth, delivering value to our shareholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress at the end of the first quarter. Thank you so much, and have a good day.
Daniel Sansone: Ted, this is Dan. There was also a reference in the press release to about $7 million of certain charges that were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2010 that didn't reappear in the fourth quarter of 2011. So about $7 million of that earnings bridge is the absence of some of those somewhat unusual items that burdened the last year's -- or 2010's fourth quarter numbers as well, and those were mainly inventory adjustments and things like that.
Daniel Sansone: It's over 40 million gallons for the full year and just about 10 million for -- just under 10 million for the fourth quarter.
Daniel Sansone: Rodny, put a little differently, of the $55 million of overhead costs that we've announced, about $35 million or $37 million of that hits full year impact in 2012. The rest -- most of the remainder was already realized in 2011.
Daniel Sansone: It assumes that the downstream products recover -- the volumes of the downstream products recover similar to the growth in aggregates, but it does not assume that the downstream product ever achieve EBITDA margin levels equivalent to those that were achieved at the peak of the last cycle. Most of the leverage to get to the peak earnings faster is because of the enhanced profitability of the Aggregates business as it stands today, along with the better leverage on the overhead side.
