John Kunz: Thank you, Latoya. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete's Fourth Quarter 2017 and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today is Bill Sandbrook, our President, CEO, and Vice-Chairman. Bill and I will make some prepared remarks after which we will open up the call to your questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to cover a few administrative items. U.S. Concrete would like to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of that act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially. For a list of these factors, please refer to the legal disclaimers and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC. Please note that you can find reconciliations and other information regarding the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K filed earlier today under the Investor Relation's section of our website. If you'd like to be on an e-mail distribution list to receive future news releases, please sign up in the Investor Relations section of our website under e-mail alerts. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available in the Investor Relation's section of our website under Events & Presentations. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bill.
John Kunz: Yes, without the deferred volumes probably adjusting for 100,000 yards that we spoke about, I would say, it's around $2 million that would translate into an adjusted EBITDA. So when you take that and if you add back the self-insurance cost that we had, there might be about $7 million add back to normalize where we would have expected it to be.
John Kunz: Let me answer the first part of your question that you are going to have to ask the other people to make up the consensus since we don't give guidance. As far as what you might be missing, I don't know what you have in front of you. Remember we are shifting the portfolio a little bit more towards the aggregate EBITDA side, which is at a higher margin. And we have high expectations for our recent aggregate acquisitions.
John Kunz: So as we grow and as what Bill was referring to, as we grow in California and New York, you will see increased expenses associated with that, because it's really tied to correlation in the hours worked. So we will see some increase. I don't have a number to give you an exact number because it depends on a lot different factors associated with it. But again, the $5 million is just what we thought was a very high number.
Bill Sandbrook: All right, thanks, John. We're pleased to continue to deliver on our growth objectives and create a sustainable platform for continued success. We continue to believe that the construction cycle has a healthy runway for continued expansion. The policies that have been put in place over the last 12 months, including the 2017 Tax Act and a potential acceleration in U.S. GDP and the potential for an effective monetization program that will increase funding and remove regulatory boundaries, all support positive outlook for growth over the next two to three years. As we look to the balance of 2018, we are optimistic on the prospects for growth in our existing markets and our acquisition pipeline remains a viable avenue for additional growth, including potential new metropolitan market areas and increased vertical integration with additional aggregates. We expect our markets to continue to outpace the national average for construction spending, allowing us to maintain our relentless focus on our two-pronged strategy to first grow organically through operating excellence and superior product delivery and service and second expanded through acquisitions that bolster our existing market positions and capitalize the potential opportunities in new high-growth markets. We expect that the disciplined execution of our strategic growth plan should lead to increased value for our shareholders. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We look forward to updating you on our future successes. We would now like to turn the call back over to the operator for the question-and-answer session.
Bill Sandbrook: Yes. Thank you. As we said on the call, there has been deferred volumes throughout the course of the entire year because we have normally wet weather toward the end of the year in Texas and New York. But throughout the year, the first quarter was all California and the middle of the year was Texas. And like we’ve said, it’s Texas and New York towards the end of the year. It all depends on cooperative weather patterns and the availability of our contractors labor force to be able to work on jobs simultaneously. In the event that there is still significant contraction in available labor, all of those jobs have to be worked off sequentially as well as capacity constraints at our plants and with our own driver delivery professionals. So it's going to be worked off through the year as the weather cooperates. You can see our backlog at the end of the year is that historical high at the end of the year period over the course of last number of years. And we're optimistic that that will be worked off as weather cooperates.
Bill Sandbrook: No, the acquisitions on – for the 2017 acquisitions that we haven't lapped yet were fairly small. If you remember, the Philadelphia operation with action supply and harbor and A1 are fairly small acquisitions. As well as some of those are in segments that are more directed towards smaller and residential type opportunities, specifically in the Bay area, which wouldn't work off large construction project backlogs in their normal book of work. So I would say its de minimis on acquired backlog at least in this period. In other periods, you're absolutely right. When we buy something like Ferrara or Nicanor [ph] agenda, we did inherit a very large backlog. But in the 2017 period, the acquisitions were for different purposes.
Bill Sandbrook: Yes, you’re welcome. Obviously, we don't provide that level of detail in our existing operations. And what we've guided to in the past is there was very recent Polaris under previous ownership guidance they used to provide. I would say that that would be a baseline and I'm optimistic from there.
Bill Sandbrook: Organic? I would say mid-single digits. We're optimistic in all of our markets that we have a healthy backlog that gives us some visibility to substantiate that belief. And I fully think that in expanding GDP, which I think we're all going to start facing with the fulfillment of the tax reform is going to substantiate that as well. So I would say mid-single-digit organic volume growth.
Bill Sandbrook: I would rank them as of one, one, one and one. All four of our major regions have ample opportunity right now. And we're still in the part of the cycle where we can be selective in the projects that we go after, which provide us the largest opportunity for outside margins in each of our respective operating regions. So Adam, it's really difficult to rank them. They are all very robust at this point.
Bill Sandbrook: Yes, I don't think it's necessarily a phenomenon. I think it's basic economics 101. It exists in San Francisco, it exists in New York, where the price of midtown condominiums, apartments or any other type of housing is so astronomically expensive that people are having to shift to lower-cost areas, but still want proximity where they short commute into those cities, which means Oakland in San Francisco and it means that West Shore of the Hudson River in the Northeast.
Bill Sandbrook: Well, Brent, the number one determinant in this part of the year and first quarter is always weather. So that's a combination of cold and snow in the North and rain in the South or rain in California. So I would say, if you would watch what's going on specifically in each of those regions, it will give you directionally where us and other situated companies that are dependent on outdoor activities are coming out in the first quarter. And you also have to remember that it ramps up January, February much slower than March. So even if there are some weather headwinds earlier in the quarter that a very weather-friendly March can trump some pickups in weather in the first two months.
Bill Sandbrook: That's a very good question, Brent. As far as the cost of diesel, the cost of diesel now is up $0.30 some in the quarter year-over-year. And we are in the process of reinstituting our traditional fuel surcharges indexed at a lower diesel value than we previously would have at the last time in the cycle when there was inflationary diesel cost expansion. And that would be just a transparent pass through, not a markup, but just to recover our cost on a like-for-like basis. And that is starting to be instituted now across the footprint and will be messaged to customers here going forward. As far as labor, normal labor, and there are inflationary aspects especially where there is driver shortages in Dallas is well-documented that driver wages are increasing faster than the normal inflation rate, which is being reflected in higher prices. And it's not that difficult to pass through. Obviously, pricing is always competitive. But our customers are facing the same thing with their labor. So they are very well aware of the fact that there is inflationary pressures that has to be passed through the entire value chain into the ultimate end-user. We're very focused on these inflationary periods. Traditionally, in times of raw material inflation outside of the ones that we just spoke about it's a very good time and a very fertile time for ready-mix companies to raise pricing, recapture what their additional costs are and in fact, able to expand our margins. So we're not – we're cautiously optimistic that we're going to be able to continue that dynamic. And would rather face this than a deflationary environment.
Bill Sandbrook: I would say a large part of the price increase is Polaris coming in at higher price point. And as far as the pricing dynamics across the portfolio, I think there are a significant inflationary pressures on raw materials, especially aggregates in California because of their increasing shortage value. Everybody has to think about Polaris as the California quarry basically. The dynamics that go along with California quarries on the commercial side would be definitely in play for that asset. And as California aggregate pricing and inflationary pressures creep in, we will obviously be able to partake in that.
Bill Sandbrook: That is right Craig, there has been some mixed impacts on this. Now California, pricing and San Francisco pricing is historically high, but New York is even higher. And so when we’ve shifted volumes out of New York, our volumes in New York quarter-over-quarter were down almost 4%, I believe. And as that shifted it is a fairly good weather California, it wasn't one for one swap. So there is a mixed shifts in this overall pricing.
Bill Sandbrook: Yeah, I wouldn’t say that there is any difference in the competitive landscape in any of our buckets, especially with new entrants or with the new behaviors from existing competitors that have been there over the last two, three or four years. I don't see any major competitive landscape shifting.
Bill Sandbrook: I fully expect to realize what their guidance was over a two-year period. And as I' said in my prepared remarks, we're ahead of our own plan. So I expect at least partial realization of a two-year synergized plan of somewhat earlier than that.
Bill Sandbrook: Not competitively, not regulatorally. It's only going to be weather, Craig. Because all the other pieces are in place, backlogs are in place, price, forward pricing is in place, the demand is there. It's just the ability to get those projects out of the ground through whether or if labor gets tighter and our downstream customers are more labor constrained, so their cadence of project completion is slowed. Those are the type of things that I'll be looking at.
Bill Sandbrook: What it really related to was the adverse development of a few claims. So what we referred to it as is our self insurance cost and we had some adverse development during the year, which sort of got us by surprise, we do an annual actuarial review with one or two through the year and look at it actuarially and to make sure that our numbers are correct and it sort of – the number sort of caught us by surprise when we did that evaluation and we had a post catch up to our accrual and that's really what it relates to.
Bill Sandbrook: That accrual as it sits right now is right around $19 million. I don't expect that number to change much. But what we're trying to point out is that we certainly don't expect that type of incremental cost on a run rate going forward. We just – we believe that's an abnormally high charge or high cost to incur in any given quarter. We will incur workers comp cost as we have in each and auto cost as we’ve incurred in each of the past few quarters. We just don't expect the type of run rate. I mean, when you look at the year-over-year comparison we are $5 million higher than what we were in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Bill Sandbrook: I would go with a normalized thesis. As we recapture some of the inflationary pressure in specifically in our fuels, that will be additive. But the deceleration that you reflected on, we ended last year's fourth quarter on a material margin spread of 49.2%, we are at 49.4% now we actually and then expanded that in the first quarter of this year from 49.2% to 49.6%. So there can't be an expansionary aspect of this because we ended the year higher than we did in the previous year. And any time you get material margins up close to 50%, I mean those are world-class numbers. So I would dispute the fact that these are decelerating. In fact, the dollar-on-dollar total material margin has expanded significantly through the last number of quarters. But to your point, I would expect a normalized run rate on these margins and costs.
Bill Sandbrook: A lot of that is Polaris because you have to remember, in the Northeast, where we did have somewhat of a slow or weather impacted December. That would have affected our internally supplied aggregates as well. And our external aggregate sales would be affected in a similar fashion. But there is some noise here on the like-for-likes because of Polaris. But I would say most of the growth in fourth quarter was as a result of that, about 80% most.
Bill Sandbrook: Sure. I mean if you look at where we were before, we called out a normalized rate of around 40%. So the rate, the statutory rate dropped by about 14. But when it dropped by 14, we lost the Section 199 manufacturing deduction. So when you drop from 35 to 21, that's a 40% reduction. So that would have taken us from 40 down to around 26. But the 199 manufacturing deduction is covered around 3% or so benefit that we lost. So that's how we get from 40 into that 26% to 28% range.
Bill Sandbrook: I would say that, that is exactly what we should be. Seth, when you hit the nail on the head. When you have these operations especially in New York that are heavily unionized and you are weather impacted, you have a lot of inefficient utilization labor. And we actually had the same dynamic in our Dallas market, specifically the last two weeks of the month of December, which aren't robust weeks to begin with but we are complete bust this year, which impacted these costs and the incremental margins significantly. But you are spot-on with where normalized is.
Bill Sandbrook: We are in the process of taking overheads out of that business, have accomplished some of that during the first part of this year already. As far as dimensioning it, we haven't dimensioned the entire operational aspects of that business. So I'm hesitant to put any color around that other than what I said earlier to Craig is that we – if you look at a two-year post run rate synergized EBITDA, we're pulling some of that back into 2018 because of some of these overhead reductions as well as expanded sales opportunities.
Bill Sandbrook: Hi Stanley, I think it's going to be additive. We have undergone extensive negotiations with our admixture suppliers over the last quarter are making some minor tweaks in there that are very advantageous to us. And we look at the – we look a little bit deeper than just the pure cost of the admixtures. The partnership we have with our admixture suppliers to help us to actually obtain higher margin businesses and upsell the aspects of the admixtures they provide us. It is just as important as getting across down to admixtures side. So we can get it on the revenue side and the cost side on the admixtures. As far as the fly ash side, actually last year, our usage was up year-over-year. We expect that to continue. Although, long-term, there are some supply concerns as more and more coal-fired electric generating plants are being phased out for cheaper natural gas and other renewable sources. So long-term, I do have some concerns about fly ash availability but in the short-term I don't see any headwinds.
Bill Sandbrook: You might have misunderstood. It would be when Polaris is fully synergized into our operating footprints in the Bay area that will be at 40%. We’d like – we continue to want to take that higher. North of 50% would be where we would want to be over time. The trick on the aggregates is, you are well aware is the cost of large deposits when we're trading where we are and those deals are trading up in the teens, they are somewhat difficult to actually the trigger on, so they have to be a very, very critical to our current, our future operating footprint. And deals like Polaris, as I said, were aggregates are becoming more and more scarce in California, they are absolutely worth the investment. In more rural areas of the U.S., where we don't operate, I'm not interested in. So there is only a select number that are even of interest to us. But I'd continue to look at our footprints, our potential new footprints and any aggregate reserves around them they would be fair game for us to get north of 50%.
Bill Sandbrook: It certainly does. I mean, anywhere you can reach aggregates – excuse me, anywhere you can supply aggregates by water into a ready-mix market, either on the costal areas or through inland shipping channels with minimum amount of double handling, those are all candidates for future growth regions for U.S. Concrete, which puts the entire West Coast in play at this point.
Bill Sandbrook: Thank you. Latoya. And thank you, everyone, for participating in the call this morning and for your continued support of U.S. Concrete. This concludes our call. And we will look forward to discussing our first quarter 2018 results with you in the future. Thank you.
