J. Thomas Hill: Thank you, John. I'd like to once again thank our people, many of whom listen to these calls, for their hard work and dedication. I congratulate you for accepting the challenge of finishing 2015 strong and then repeating that performance to kick off 2016. For those of you in the investment community, I'd like to assure you the response to these strong results is to sharpen our focus to control what we can control and stay committed to getting a little better every day. In the course of doing this, I want to emphasize that we remain very committed to pursuing strategic M&A opportunities as they arise, further strengthening our asset portfolio in high growth markets across America. We take confidence in what we've accomplished thus far in the recovery. And we have many opportunities ahead of us, but nobody is letting up. Taking just the basic measure of EBITDA, for example, while we're excited about our progress, we know that we still have a long way to go. And I can assure you that the Vulcan team is determined to reach our goals. Thank you again for your interest in Vulcan Materials. And now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
J. Thomas Hill: Yes. As you look at the first quarter, I think this was a really good start to pricing. It was pretty consistent how we thought pricing would be accepted throughout our markets and with our plan. Overall, the climate for pricing remains very healthy. I think the environment is good throughout the construction industry. In fact, we would see some pockets of tight supply. As the year goes on, we're going to comp over higher and higher prices with our success with that last year. But it's also about making profit in this business. It's about the balance of price mix and volume and that – and what's really important is that compounding effect of pricing. So I think, at this point, we're really pleased with our people's execution of their pricing plans, and we have really good confidence in our guys.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I think the DOTs are working really hard and really fast to turn their funding into projects, not the least of which is because of the political pressures that they feel. I think that if you look at the new – most of the new DOT spending that went into law the last – over the last year, you're not going to see much of that in 2017. I think they're plugging hard to get it out there, maybe a little – excuse me, you're not going to see much of that in 2016. Most of that will come in 2017. You may see a little bit at the end of 2016.
J. Thomas Hill: Kathryn, we continuously grow with the non-res. We look at the leading indicators, but what we're seeing in our markets and backlogs, are our customers continues to be healthy. As far as growth rate is concerned, it may not be as fast as last year, but it's still growing. I think that one of the things you'll see here is that the res is growing at a very fast rate, and usually non-res, particularly the retail construction will follow that. So, on the ground, we continue to see the growth. We still have a number of the large projects that we'll ship this year on the coast, and we also see some pretty healthy manufacturing growth.
J. Thomas Hill: Georgia is really hitting on all cylinders, every market segment is growing. It's very healthy, housing, non-res. The highway is – actually, we've got a number of jobs that were backlog – very large jobs that were backlog prior to the funding. The state DOT has had a lot of pressure on it to turn out jobs in the new funding. So we may see some overlay work towards the end of the year in Georgia. But the real – I think, the real hit of the doubling of Georgia's funding will come in 2017 and 2018.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. First of all, Texas is the only market we have that's anywhere close to normal demand. As far as commenting on the market in Texas, it's – as you said, it's a big place with many different markets. Overall, it remains very healthy. Dallas and San Antonio are still very strong. We're seeing rural Texas gets stronger and that's a – we have a big presence there, particularly the asphalt presence and that's good for us because it's driven by the increases in highway funding and the damage that was done to the roads from all the oil explorations. Houston, we probably see some softening in res and non-res. It's a watch for us. The coastal work, we still have a lot of large work that we're shipping. There's a – when I say coastal, I mean from Brownsville to Beaumont. There's also – including Houston, there's also a number of jobs that are coming there. Now, timing of all that with big jobs, as always, you'll see ebbs and flows. But – so, overall, with the except for the watch on res and non-res, I'd tell you Texas markets are healthy.
J. Thomas Hill: Sure. As we said, California was hit really hard in the first quarter with rain. We still see solid growth in demand in California. Short term, we could see some issues with Caltrans funding or timing of work. I think the good news for us about California is that market is very diverse. Our out (29:32) markets in California are very diverse. So this year on top of healthy residential market growth, we'll see a number of water projects, high-rise projects and airport projects start in 2016. So what I'd tell you is overall, long-term, we believe that the California will continue to experience sustainable growth.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. If you remember, I think what we said was we – I think we probably lost some share in the downturn, and it's always – as the markets come back, we'll recover that. As the recovery continues to mature, you'll see higher and higher shipments in the really high growth quarters in our markets, which is where we are. So, naturally, those jobs will be in our zone of natural advantage, so to speak, we're located. You'll also – we're also seeing more and more very, very large jobs, both commercial and highway work, and those also fall right in our wheelhouse. So it's just a natural recovery as the market returns.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I'd tell you, I'm not surprised to see R&M cost at this point in the cycle and that may continue for a while. We're still playing catch-up on putting plants up, run the plants harder. We've got to remember we're still in the early stages of this, a lot has been on gradual recovery. The volumes are still – the rather recovery is still early. I think what – as John said, what I'm pleased to see is that over the last 12-plus months or five quarters, we're seeing a trend of the other cost and the operating efficiencies start to improve which tells me that we're leveraging the volume not only on fixed cost, but also on some of the variable cost and the operating efficiency. So, to John's point, I think our folks are doing a really good job adjusting and adapting to rapidly changing volumes. We have a long way to go. And I think that as this continues to mature in the recovery, we'll continue to see that fixed cost and variable cost volume leverage.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. California asphalt was hit hard. You just can't lay it obviously in the rain. I think we're pleased with our overall asphalt performance. Despite California being down, Texas volumes were up, driven by – a lot by both textile work and private markets. I think we – our folks have done a good job of managing a mix of price, cost of material margins and all the while serving our customers, and that's tough to do in the first quarter with icy weather. So even with California down, I think we're pleased with our performance in asphalt for sure.
J. Thomas Hill: Obviously, April has been wet. Anybody can look at the weather and tell that. But we would always tell you that we're going to – quarter-over-quarter or even month-over-month, yes, you're going to have weather, yes, you're going to have things that will affect you positively and negatively, but you can't judge it quarter-over-quarter or month-over-month. You really got to look at long term. So regardless of what the weather does, the demand is there, and if they don't – if it gets delayed, it's not going away. It's just postponed. And it always catches up and it always happens. But month-to-month, we're going to have periods of good weather and bad weather.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. If you look at the – the quarter material margins are probably a little ahead of schedule – a little ahead of our expectations. We could see some pressures with – as – the changing liquid AC prices. Again, I think our folks are doing a really good job of managing that, and this is a balance of volume, price, cost of material margins. So – and there is a lag there, we're trying to predict what that is and how that is. Asphalt sometimes runs through the cadence of it and sometimes it doesn't, but we'll manage that as it comes along.
J. Thomas Hill: First of all, I'd tell you that we are in a – we are very pleased with the purchases we made over the last 18 months and how they performed, and they performed very well. The M&A market continues to be healthy. We continue to be – so, it's a huge focus for us. It's something that we pay a lot of attention to. We're very busy with it. Obviously, we can't talk about anything we're working on, but we'll let you know when that happens and when those come – when those finalize. But it's healthy. We're focused on it and it's a priority for us.
J. Thomas Hill: We'll – I think what we look at and what we concentrate is what fits us both large and small, what are – is unique synergies to us and making sure that we buy it for the right price and then we integrate it, so it's both.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I think that the impact of DOT spending both state and federal coming to fruition, and shipments will only help pricing.
J. Thomas Hill: Yeah. I think on the housing piece, the housing recovery still remains pretty modest compared to historical cycles. And most forecasters would expect it to continue to gain steam, so – and non-res will follow that.
J. Thomas Hill: To answer your question, both, and we've done both. Some of our highest returns on capital are the bolt-ons because they complement your existing operations and they defend some of your existing – the operations. But we'll look outside of our footprint. I mean, we just did that with New Mexico over the last 18 months. But I think would we go outside our footprint, we would want to go in as a number one or number two producer, or a path to be number one or number two. So – but to answer your question, it's both.
J. Thomas Hill: I think that to start with your first question, I think it's a combination of operating leverages and improved volumes and operating efficiencies on the variable side. So, it's a combination of both of them. There is a lot of volume leverage in that, but it's a combination of the two.
J. Thomas Hill: Well, I think one of the things, timing of stripping, Mike, I would say maybe had some benefit of it that will – that's always comes in, get some stars, but it's not a whole lot.
J. Thomas Hill: Well, first of all, I wish we were running two shifts everywhere. I'm a little operator guy. And that – that's – life is good if that happens. I think that – but it's on a market-by-market, plant-by-plant basis. So for example, you've got – if you go to Texas, you've got plants that are running two shifts already. You go to some markets in our some of our Atlanta operations, they're running – they're not even running full shifts. So, it's such a local business and that is market-by-market. So there's not a broad-based statement. But I don't – overall, we'll do that a little bit at a time, but we're nowhere close in most markets to adding shifts. It's really adding hours or even adding a full shift on a – a full shift on a full plant, but we would love to have those problems.
J. Thomas Hill: Thank you. Thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company, and we look forward to speaking with you throughout the quarter. Thank you.
John R. McPherson: Very aggressive. And Jerry, back on pricing, just with an eye toward the longer term, to echo Tom's point, we do like the climate we see. Everything seems constructive, very much in line with recent experience. And importantly for us, we seem to be a bit ahead of track on both pricing and margin improvement as it relates to our longer-term goals that we outlined at our Investor Day. So we're pleased with the results we see and it's a compounding improvement again, so we're looking to get it better quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year.
John R. McPherson: Kathryn, one thing we're seeing that's a bit of a shift or a transition is our local teams are seeing a lot of small commercial work that's really popping up, and it's difficult to predict. This kind of pops up and gets executed pretty quickly. But we're seeing that in a number of markets, including (24:27) Nashville. So we think that bodes well for the overall health, mix, sustainability of the recovery to see this uptick in small commercial work across many of our markets.
John R. McPherson: Trey, for the quarter and as we look for the balance of the year, they are really in total, I'm going to call it, geographic and product or customer mix issues were kind of awash. So, there's really no big impact in that in our pricing for the quarter. Back on the geographic point and really the broadening of the recovery, we do see more of our, if you will, Atlantic Coast markets and Southeast markets, really beginning to participate in the recovery more and more fully across more end-use segments. How exactly that plays out in terms of price and product mix impact over the course of the year, we'll have to see. But that's not a big driver and the pricing or margin results you've seen of late.
John R. McPherson: Trey, it's John. I'll start and Tom could chime in. On the guidance, what we're trying to note is some of the El Nino-related weather effects that we did in fact see. And of course, you saw our – both our California businesses, and some of our Mountain West businesses, and a little bit Texas affected by that. In addition, as Tom just mentioned, we had a bit of a low on some large public construction work in California. But then, of course, despite those challenges on the volume side, we posted the results you saw today. It's difficult to say if we had a little bit of pull-forward or a little bit of, I'm going to call it, overflow from 2015 where, for example, in North Carolina and South Carolina, some fourth quarter shipments were delayed by the bad weather they had. But as best we can tell, however, you adjust for it, we are seeing some strengthening in demand across more geographies, across more end-use segments. And as a result, you've seen us move our expectation for the year from 7% growth to 8% to 9% growth, in line roughly with what we've experienced over the last 12 months. We're seeing a recovery that still has a ways to go, but has more and more engines driving it, if you will. I think...
John R. McPherson: So, Garik, it's a little – it's a little hard for us to quantify that, especially kind of at this timeframe in the recovery. But as Tom said, I think it wouldn't surprise us if you're beginning to see some of the larger, more sophisticated producers recovering a little bit of share that they gave up in the downturn.
John R. McPherson: Sure. I'll start, Garik, and then Tom will chime in, in just an attempt to give you some more color as best we can. Again, first thing we'd highlight that is if you look on a trailing 12-month basis, even excluding the positive effects of diesel, our overall unit cost of sales is essentially flat. So what's really behind that, if you take a – again, a trailing 12-month view is that our teams are doing a great job and they've been able to get some real operating leverage as volumes have increased, and that's offset some of the cost pressures that come from higher R&M that we've been talking about. So all in all, they're doing a great job. We've really seen that for the last two quarters. We hope to keep seeing it going forward. We'll keep an eye on it. But we're certainly very pleased to see that cost performance. In the quarter, our average diesel price is probably about $1.30, probably $5 million, $6 million benefit from that in total. But, again, what we'd underscore. And then our R&M in the quarter, as we said, it was still elevated. To give you a rough order of magnitude, the way we look at it, it's probably $0.08 up per ton. So that's an issue we manage tightly. We keep an eye on it. But in the context of our overall margin structure, it's not a defining characteristic. So again, we'll continue to manage it well. Our team is doing a great job. We're beginning to see some real operating leverage. And importantly, even excluding the benefits of diesel, we've been able to keep cost relatively flat.
John R. McPherson: And, James, we're not going to comment on April sales on this call. So, we'll talk about that in our next call.
John R. McPherson: And of course, not just – we'd always encourage you to focus – you and anybody, not just to focus on pricing, but overall margin performance. And that volume, that mix, that's good for our overall balance of price. The operating efficiencies, product mix, let's just say, we're looking forward to it.
John R. McPherson: Timna, honestly, we haven't given any guidance for 2017. So just with that qualification first, I think where we come back to in case it's helpful is what we see if you will on the ground. And the momentum that we're seeing overall as it relates to private construction and private non-res is – is largely unchanged. I mean, there are going to be specific geographic markets, for example, Houston, that with layoffs, et cetera, we keep an eye on. But in total, we still like the momentum we see, the breadth of the recovery, the breadth of the end markets, the higher levels of small commercial work that we see. So from our kind of humble on the ground view, the death of non-res has been announced prematurely.
John R. McPherson: And the large project pipeline we have seen as it relates to larger industrial projects, still largely unchanged. So, again, we obviously keep a close eye on it. We haven't – we're ways away from anything that we consider 2017 guidance in our part. But what we do see, and we've talked about more for 2017 also, is just the beginning of the increase in public construction beginning to kick in, strengthening public demand, and we're kind of getting to the point in the cycle where that's beginning to kick in a bit more also.
John R. McPherson: Sure. I'll start. I think you're right, a high quality problem to have. First, we're focused again on balancing re-investment in the business, investment in growth, including the M&A opportunities that Tom discussed, and ongoing return on capital to shareholders. We think we have the financial flexibility and strength to balance those goals over time. We do not have a target dividend yield. And it's really a board decision as to revisit it, of course, periodically. We do think of it in the context of overall return of capital to shareholders and balancing those other objectives very much including growth. But we do not have a target dividend yield. We do expect our payout ratio over time will be roughly consistent with companies of our credit rating and size.
John R. McPherson: Our capital allocation and cash usage priorities have really remained unchanged from prior communications. So just to briefly echo some of those, one, we have intentionally managed our balance sheet so that we have the kind of flexibility that you just mentioned. We will make the appropriate operating capital investments back in the business to maintain the value of our franchise. We do not expect to need to use cash to pay down debt. Obviously, we don't have maturities due in the near term, but we're comfortable with our current level of debt. We will continue to pursue growth opportunities aggressively, whether those are M&A related or, as we mentioned in our release and in our comments, whether they are internally driven growth opportunities, investments in new railyards, new quarry sites, the kind of things that we would do internally. We have several opportunities there. We – to the point the question just asked on the dividend, we would expect the dividend to grow roughly in line with our earnings for a while. We're very focused on the sustainability of that dividend throughout the entire cycle. And then as we said before, we will be opportunistic as we go forward and potentially using share repurchases or other means to return any excess cash to shareholders after those other priorities.
John R. McPherson: And, Mike, for the full-year outlook, we'll see. We're very focused, as Tom mentioned, on continuing to drive these operating efficiencies to control what we can control, to use Tom's words, and to leverage our cost of sales where we can. We'll see how it come out. There are a lot of moving pieces in the business like ours, but it's something we're very, very focused on.
John R. McPherson: We also, Stanley, back to Mike's point, we're probably getting – with the breadth of the recovery, we're probably getting to a point where we have enough volume and more of our key facilities to begin to realize a little more operating leverage, leverage and fixed cost. Now, we're long ways away, and Tom, we discussed it from many kind of operating sweet spot, and we're even further away from production capacity. But one of the benefits to us of getting more volume and more places is that it helps on the fixed cost leverage.
John R. McPherson: I'll break it into two pieces for you. Think about – of the $275 million of operating and maintenance CapEx, for many of those investments, we begin to see operating efficiencies pretty darn quick if we are improving or right-sizing mobile equipment fleet, if we're replacing screens or otherwise improving our production processes at a plant level. We try and work those as best we can to have pretty quick return periods on those investments. For the $125 million, for the course of the year that we may spend on growth-related PP&E, it's really going to depend on the nature of the investment. These aren't long-term payoff things. These aren't things where you invest one year and you get the benefit 10 years down the road. But it's highly variable whether it's a new railyard or incremental reserve capacity at a quarry or whether it's a new ship, so it's hard to say on the growth capital.
