Donald James: Jerry, it's across the board. We're seeing it in virtually every market. California is probably behind the rest of the country in terms of improving volumes, but pricing in California improved in the quarter. But it's pretty widespread, and I think it's just an indicator of -- principally, highway contract awards and principally the stimulus work.
Donald James: Jerry, we constantly look at our portfolio of businesses to identify those where we think we have less opportunity for growth. These three quarries were identified about two years ago, and we've gone through a long process and finally closed the transaction in the first quarter. We did receive an attractive price. We took the immediate proceeds and reduced debt, but that strengthens our balance sheet. And certainly, we continue to look for other acquisition opportunities both reserves, greenfields and existing quarries in markets where we have, believe we have a bigger upside. We do have a few other quarries around the country that are not in areas that would exhibit better-than-average growth, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to withdraw capital from those assets and redeploy it in areas where we think we have greater opportunities for growth.
Donald James: As you know, partner with our construction customers to work together to achieve DOT contracts. And certainly, there's pressure on both construction contracts, which backs up into asphalt mixed prices. I think the wildcard is the timing of liquid asphalt costs compared it to the ability to pass those through. In the first quarter of 2009, we had a period of declining liquid asphalt costs, but contract pricing that reflected much higher cost. So we were in a sweet spot on the asphalt margin. We're not in such a sweet spot now because we've got business contracted at basically fixed rates, and we're receiving rising liquid asphalt costs. That will flip, it's just a matter of time. But we're in a probably a trough in terms of asphalt margins compared to being at a relatively high peak in the quarter a year ago.
Donald James: I don't think that at this point, we can point to any product or geographic mix with respect to our pricing outlook for 2010. After the fact, we can tell you that, but at this point, we're going to get price increases wherever we can, in some places we have to respond to competitive pressures to keep our customers competitive and that's a moving target, and it continues to ebb and flow from day to day. But we're reasonably optimistic that we can continue to gain price, but at a very modest level through 2010, but it is very market specific.
Donald James: Trey, we think our shipments into non-res construction in 2010 will be down 15% to 20% compared to a year ago.
Donald James: Trey, we think that the 60% margin is a good number in quarters in which we are both producing and shipping at comparable levels. I think one of the really important things for analysts to understand about Q1 is that we cut way back on production in Q1, partly because weather made production terribly difficult and expensive. But secondly, we made a conscious decision to reduce production and ship out of inventories and if you file accounting, that hurts GAAP earnings. But it certainly positions us as we move forward to get the benefit of the GAAP earnings benefit of increased production, along with increased shipments. So if you look at our inventory numbers, particularly in aggregates, you see we have reduced our inventory of aggregates. We will get to replace that by production in the second quarter, in the third quarter, which will greatly improve our earnings. So shipping out of inventory hurts GAAP earnings, but as you produce and ship at comparable rates, it really does improve earnings. So hopefully, you all understand that, but that's a real factor in the quarter as we pulled inventories down.
Donald James: I don't have any good data on prices in the second quarter. I don't see any reason it is any change from what we were seeing in the first quarter. But certainly, volumes have picked up. And as you know, we normally don't talk about shipments in the quarter, but we thought the change between January and February on one hand, and March and April on the other were significant enough and that we felt like it was important to indicate that and fairly others are doing the same thing.
Donald James: It depends on what market, but there's competition everywhere and it's coming from both mom and pops and larger, publicly traded companies. So there's not a particular point or price competition that's different from the general competitive landscape.
Donald James: We clearly prefer a multi-year highway bill funded by gasoline tax. As you know, there have been, I guess, now three supplemental appropriations in the Highway Trust Fund to offset the effects of declining fuel consumption. Economic recovery will help with the volume, but still we think there's got to be an additional revenue stream to get the Highway Trust Fund at a level that is most observers think is necessary just to maintain the conditions of the U.S. highway infrastructure. I don't envision there being any movement in Congress until perhaps the lame duck session after the November elections to address a funding source for the next multi-year highway bill. There has been some discussion, I think it's -- maybe off the table now about a carbon tax, which would be collected as a motor fuel tax, but I think that's all dead at this point. So anyway, the discussion continues. We don't see a near-term resolution. And again, we will continue to work hard with our industry associations to try to make the case after the elections that -- by that time, hopefully, the economy will continue to be improving, unemployment rates will be falling and maybe there'll be a case at that point to fund the highway program.
Donald James: Well, the California prices are actually up for the second quarter in a row, so that has stabilized. Florida remains, has a fair amount of price pressure. And between those two, most markets, there's a significant variation, but I think the Florida market is probably the one that has the greatest amount of price pressure at the current time.
Donald James: Well, we hope so, but I can't change my internal guidance at this point. But we think, for example, if you're tracking railcar shipments, much of the material that moves by rail goes into our distribution yards, and then it's sold off those yards to our customers. So there is a lead time or lag time, depending on which way you look at it, between the time a railcar is loaded and the shipment is reported by the railroads and when it shows up into aggregate sales for us. So that is a great leading indicator, but you know it's not an overnight conversion from railcar shipment into aggregate sales. But within a quarter, it ought to show up. So you have to look at the timing of those rail shipments compared to when the quarter ends and when the sales are actually reported. And another factor, of course, will be the regular federal highway program got reinstated in March, and there was no benefit of that in the first quarter in terms of new contract awards because there was no time. Hopefully, in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2010, we'll see the benefit of the re-establishment, if you will, of the regular federal highway program at a $42 billion annual funding level and that will be on top of the stimulus. And as I've said in my prepared remarks, for the next couple of years at least, we're going to see record highway funding in the United States. The downside, of course, is in non-res construction where we're seeing significant continued difficulty, and housing winds up sharply as coming off very low base. So the real story here is highway funding on the upside versus non-res on the downside.
Donald James: Well, in asphalt, really in any significant way and only three states for a total of four, California, Texas, Arizona and New Mexico. As we said, volume in California is lagging the rest of the country aggregate volume. So there's not a, I think you can, there's not a correlation between our asphalt shipments and our aggregate shipments because of the diversity of geography, plus we supply a lot of asphalt producers as customers and in different parts of the country. So those aren't tightly correlated.
Donald James: Well, certainly, we felt that March had some impact of pent-up demand from January and February. One reason we gave you our shipments for April was because we thought that while it probably had some pent-up demand from January and February as well, it nevertheless was more indicative of some recovery in volumes for two months in a row. Again, some of that is going to come from volume that was not able to be shipped earlier in the year. But we do see improving shipment opportunities, primarily in publicly funded highways and other infrastructure.
Donald James: Our estimate overall is that probably 45% to 65% of the total will be spent by the end of 2010. That includes the 20% or so that was spent in '09, and then probably a third of the total will be spent in '11, and then a little bit of the tail of it will go over into '12. What is significant though, and these numbers are available and you should get them, is it's a very different story when you look at individual states. For example, California has spent less than 15% of its money. Florida has spent less than 15% of its money. Georgia spent less than 12% of its money. Virginia, less than 8%. So there are several large states for us, Louisiana, less than 9%. So there are several large states for us where, has a lot more spending of stimulus money for highways still available than in the overall country. On the flip side, if you look at states like Illinois, it's well ahead of the game and about 46% has been spent. Tennessee, which is another key state for us about 43% has been spent. North Carolina, about 27% has been spent. So it's a very different scenario across individual states. And so as we look at our states, we're really in better shape going forward because there's been a much lower percent on average in our key states than in the overall U.S.
Donald James: Well, it's spent. We're frustrated as you are about Virginia, but the money is there and it'll get spent.
Donald James: We have done estimates. It's easier to estimate on the highway piece and on the other infrastructure piece, which are water and sewer projects, and there's less data available and there's less aggregate intensity on many of those projects than on highway projects. The good news about the highway projects and the stimulus is because of the time frame in which contracts had to be awarded and projects completed. It's very aggregate intensive and we've given some metrics on that in the past. I don't have them in front of me, but it is relatively more aggregate intensive than general highway dollars because less of this money is going to write away acquisition and earth moving and much more to resurfacing and lane additions. We have given that data, and I just don't have it in front of me.
Donald James: We don't. We watch contract awards and that will drive our analysis of '11. And obviously, for '11 to be a recovery year, we'll have to see non-res contract awards pickup in 2010. We're not seeing that yet.
Donald James: Diesel cost us about $6 million pretax, incremental cost in the quarter. The inventory drawdown probably cost us $14 million in the quarter, which will recapture when we produce that material in the second quarter.
Donald James: In our view from our operating standpoint, the fourth quarter and the first quarter are the toughest quarters to produce material because of weather. So that's the most efficient time to cut back production and ship out of inventories. So that's what we've done. Q2, Q3, we typically have better weather, better conditions. We're more efficient. So we have shipped out of inventory for two reasons. One is because of production efficiency, and the other is to conserve cash and not have cash tied up in piles of inventory. Now that we expect shipments to improve for the remainder of the year, we can then run our plants at efficient levels in decent weather. So this is what we have been planning for over the last six months. And fortunately, we're well positioned now to get the benefit of improving GAAP earnings and margins from both increased shipments, but also higher production levels.
Donald James: It really is a function of sales, projections, size and by market and I don't think we have a -- we don't put a dollar figure on that. That's really a plant-by-plant sales and marketing, operating decision.
Donald James: We don't expect to draw inventories down. We expect to resume production. And if anything, inventory levels will go up, both from a seasonal standpoint and from a cyclical standpoint. So we'll see the benefit in our GAAP earnings and margins of higher production levels.
Donald James: Well, we got about 1% price improvement in the first quarter. That was lower than our full year guidance, so we've got to make up some sales price through the year where we have the opportunity. I don't think you should, within the range of our ability to predict selling prices for the full year at the end of the first quarter, don't put too much significance on what we're projecting as average selling price. That can change a lot depending upon product and geographies and volumes and changes in demand. So we're not trying to signal anything about pricing changes in the year in our guidance, other than our best guess is how it's going to come out. And that's a roll off of a lot of different projections around the country.
Donald James: I think there are probably two places where there may be upside. One, is we're seeing robust increase in housing starts albeit from low levels. A lot of those houses are being built on already developed lots. If the homebuilders start developing new lots in advance of construction, projections at the latter part of 2010 and '11, we've been very conservative in projecting volume going into housing because of this developed lot phenomenon. But there is an upside, if housing continues to strengthen, particularly in our markets and there's new infrastructure development around lots, I believe that's an upside. The second upside is how quickly the state DOTs get the $42 billion that was reinstated in mid-March in the regular Federal Highway Program out to bid in construction. And if that moves faster than we have projected, then it could show up in 2010 volumes. Certainly, it will show up in 2011 volume, probably carrying over well into '12 given the normal spinned-out level of the regular Federal Highway Program. But I think one telling anecdotal piece that was on the front page of Birmingham News about a week ago, which is consistent with everything we tell our friends in Congress, the Alabama DOT announced that it was moving forward with the contract award for the interchange of new Interstate I22, otherwise called Corridor X, that connects Birmingham and Memphis with I65, which connects Birmingham and Nashville. And the Director of the state DOT said with this month-to-month funding extension from Congress, we couldn't award the contract for that interchange. Now that the $42 billion has been reinstated, we're going to award the contract to build the interchange. And it's tens of millions of dollars of construction. And that's one small example of what we hope we will see with the reauthorization, at least through the end of 2010 on the Federal Highway bill. And as projects like that get bid and let and constructions starts, then there's an upside we think to volume in 2010.
Donald James: I think virtually everybody in the Lake Belt is now back into production. But so much of that material moves relatively long distance by rail up the east coast of Florida and up the rail to Central Florida. I don't expect that to really have a tremendous impact on pricing in Florida. The issue in Florida right now is demand.
Donald James: Yes. And general production efficiency outside of diesel fuel. The more we produce, the more efficient we get.
Donald James: Actually, our Concrete volume in Florida was stronger than it was in the rest of the country. We had a relatively less of a decline in Florida Concrete as we had in our other markets. So Concrete in Florida is not particularly weak. It's weak compared to historical, but relative to other markets in the country, it's not. I think the -- Florida was also, had terrible weather in January and February and that certainly didn't help Concrete sales. So I wouldn't look at the Concrete volume in the first quarter as indicative of the market for the full year, I would certainly factor in the terrible weather. And as we indicated, we have a large Concrete business up in Washington DC and Baltimore and Virginia. And it's really our largest market and that market was hammered with snow. So trying to pour concrete even after days and days and days after those big snows was impossible. So I think Concrete is not as bad as first quarter volumes would indicate.
Donald James: Yes, I think that is a correct statement. A lot of the projects have been bid. We have contracts for a lot of the projects, but there's still a fair amount in front of us. And so we're trying not to be too aggressive on our pricing outlook, but again, this is -- I hate to keep saying this,, but it's job by job, market by market, day by day. What we report to you at the end of a quarter is a roll off of thousands of pricing decisions. And we're just giving you our best guess at this point about what full year price is going to look like. So again, I wouldn't put great significance at the end of the first quarter on what we're saying or not saying or changes we've made in full year pricing metrics.
Donald James: I don't have a feel for that. We have worked very hard not to have inventory imbalances, as you know. So from our standpoint, we got rid of our surplus material several quarters back in most markets. So we're really not out of balance. We actually had almost no change in off-the-books inventory in the quarter. So most of the -- as you say, most of the demand is for material going into highway projects, and that's not surplus in most markets.
Donald James: In terms of volume, we certainly hope to improve the volume over the first quarter number. If you're talking about earnings, we're not projecting Concrete earnings to be up for the year.
Donald James: It's a challenge at this point. So I think the answer is no, we are not seeing pricing improve in the backlog. Although there are price increase announcements by some companies out in various markets. A little visibility of improving demand will help. But at this point, I wouldn't anticipate price improvement in Concrete for the full year.
Donald James: It's a function of liquid asphalt prices, volume and the timing of our ability to get higher liquid asphalt cost into our contracted selling price for the mix. I don't have -- we can certainly go back and look at what that business has generated historically over a business cycle. I don't have a number I can give you today.
Donald James: I don't have any data. The first quarter shipments are so low and so affected by weather that I don't believe you should draw conclusion of mix shift in the first quarter. As we look forward, the stronger demand is going to come from, over asphalt overlays in stimulus projects, which is a higher spec, tougher to make, generally more expensive product. And will use less base material, which tends to be a lower-priced product.
Donald James: And the offset is the rock that goes into relatively high specification concrete in private non-res, because we're not -- that's a really weak market. We're not pouring high-rise condos or building baseball stadiums right now because that sector is just so weak. So that's a high-spec, half-priced material that we're not able to have a great deal of volume in.
Donald James: My colleagues are feverishly looking through their reports. I have an answer, but I'm going to let them make sure I'm right before I give it to you. While they're looking, do you have any other questions? And Ted, in the interest of everybody's time, I'll come back and pick this up and give it to you.
Donald James: My answer which is based on just reality, is that given the fact that volumes recovered in March, our margins just follow volume. So that's not any mystery.
Donald James: I think the -- it's 20% in '10, a total of 45% to 65% through the end of -- I mean, 20% in '09, about 40% plus or minus in '10. And we did that based on a role off of the kinds of projects, in which state and when contracts were let. There is not a simple way to do that. It's just a roll off of all the stimulus projects and the nature of the projects and when it was let. I don't know whether there's a macro, whether there was any trade associations have done similar studies or not would be available. But we think it's proving to be relatively accurate, and so we haven't changed our estimate of the timing of the spending of the stimulus on the highway part.
Donald James: Absolutely. There's so much leverage in that Aggregate volume, it can move the needle substantially.
Donald James: Historically, and I don't think this year will be any different. About 85% of our shipments go by truck; about 7.5% go by rail; and another 7%, 7.5%, 8% go by either ship or barge. So it's about 85%, truck; 7% to 8%, rail; 7% to 8%, ship or barge.
Donald James: The only place right now that there's any concern about taking our ships into would be Gulfport, Mississippi, New Orleans and Mobile. We have diverted our ships to other markets to avoid going through the oil slick because we can't then go into the harbors without having our ship washed down, and with an 800-foot ship, that's a pretty sizable project. We can serve each of those markets adequately by barge or by rail or by boat. So we don't envision any real impact on our ability to ship into those markets. So that's one of the advantages of having multiple means of supplying material into those coastal markets. It does give us a lot of flexibility.
Donald James: I don't have the reserve data in front of me. The issue in those markets was a change in the long-term economic outlook. Those markets were textile and furniture manufacturing and those have gone away forever. And if you don't have a whole lot of population and job growth in Aggregates business, you don't have much opportunity to grow volume. So that's the reason they were identified as being non-strategic.
Donald James: On an EBITDA multiple basis, depending on what time period you look, it was within the high single digit, low double-digit kind of range. Our view is on an EBITDA basis, a quarry and the growth market, ought to trade at a higher EBITDA multiple in quarry and a low growth or declining growth market. So if you're trying to calibrate what an aggregate plant in a declining market ought to be, high single digit, low double digit, if you're looking at faster growing markets, it will all be higher than that, which is what you see in the trading multiple of most of the public companies.
Donald James: Well, you have to go back and look at the -- highway spending is a roll off of the regular Federal program, the regular state and local programs plus the stimulus spending. So from September through March, we virtually had almost no regular Federal program. We had a tremendously reduced program in terms of dollars, but the real impact was the DOT sitting on their hands because they didn't have any visibility of funding out of a regular program. So 2010 and '11, when you add up the stimulus spending and the formal extension of the regular Federal Highway Program will be record years in terms of the Federal contribution to spending. We're seeing that in contract awards. What we expect, what will have to happen at the end of 2010 will be some reauthorization of the regular Federal Highway Program, one way or the other. Either through additional appropriations out of the general fund or some other funding mechanism. And as you say, there will be about a third of the stimulus dollars in 2011, with a little bit in 2012. As we look forward, if the numbers that are being talked about from the need side for the Federal Highway Program kicked in, it will be large enough to offset the expiration of the stimulus spending. We're also cautiously optimistic that at some point, banks will actually start lending to real estate developers and we'll see private non-res construction coming out of the trough maybe by 2011, certainly by 2012. So that's how we're sort of seeing the longer-term demand trends. We're not concerned that the world is going to come to an end when the stimulus dollars are finally spent because it's going to be 2012 before we see that drop off. And by that time, hopefully we'll have a regular Federal Highway Program, as well as a recovery in the private sector.
Donald James: Our pro forma volumes were about 293 million tons in 2005. That was coming from a normal Federal Highway Program, it was coming from an overheated housing market that was generating over 2 million starts. We won't get back, we shouldn't get back to 2 million starts. And it was from a reasonably normalized private non-res level. So as we go forward, we think longer term, housing will not get back to the '05 levels. But Federal highway spending ought to be better than '05 levels, if we get a multiyear program as the kind of numbers all the people say we need. And we can certainly get back, we believe longer term to the level of private non-res spending that we saw in the '04, '05, '06 timeframe. So the down would be from the peak would be housing, the up from the peak would be public infrastructure and highways, and that would include recovery in private non-res. So that's how we sort of see the future. The other side of it is the supply of aggregates in most markets is very hard to expand beyond the levels that people were producing in 2005 simply because everybody was pretty much running at capacity, and there have been not any real capacity expansion. In fact, I expect we'll see more reserve depletion as we move forward. So that's in a very general sense how we see the future, Chris.
Donald James: Thank you, very much for your interest. We hope we can continue to see volume growth in our Aggregates business as we move forward. That will certainly impact our results for the rest of the year. We look forward to sharing those with you at the end of quarter two. Thank you so much. Have a good day.
Daniel Sansone: And, Timna, this is Dan. I do have the pricing for the month of March, and the increase in the month of March was essentially comparable to the increase for the first quarter. I do not have anything for April in front of me right now.
Daniel Sansone: Kathryn, throughout the downturn, we've tried sequentially through the quarter as the best as we could to match our production levels with our demand levels. And obviously, you're not going to match them perfectly in a given quarter. But if you look at that data over a four to eight quarter period of time, the guys have done a great job of doing just that. They try to match what they produce to what they're selling. And if you look at the days sales of inventory we have on the ground today, it's a little bit higher than where it was a year ago based on the current run rate of sales activity. So it's another metric that just support Don's comments, that the inventory levels themselves are really not a problem for us, they're in pretty darn good shape. And as the demand profile recovers, we have a lot of flexibility to again match our production levels to our future demand levels.
Daniel Sansone: Ted, this is Dan. If you look at the first quarter data, I do have some breakdowns on broad product categories and our year-over-year change in the price for base material was essentially the same as the year-over-year change in the price that we got for our clean stone sizes, for asphalt and concrete. The absolute dollar levels are quite different as Don just pointed out. But in trying to dissect the 1% increase for the quarter, there was no difference in the behavior of those two broad categories. It was really some of the more specialty sizes like rip rap and some of our signs [ph] and screenings that were a little bit weaker than the main stream counter contour products.
Daniel Sansone: There was a substantial increase in the unit margin of Aggregates in the month of March as compared to the number for the full quarter average. The month of March, these are measured in dollars per ton but in the month of March, the margin per ton was about 2.5x to 3x greater than what the average was for the entire quarter. So yes, it did rebound in March. I don't have April data in front of me yet.
Daniel Sansone: I think that's correct. I don't expect a dramatic change in the margin through the year of the other products. So if we get margin recovery in Aggregates, that should pull it through to the total company. That's correct. That's right.
