Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Our 2022 operating performance led to another year of solid cash generation and disciplined capital allocation. Over the last four years, our free cash flow conversion has averaged over 90% with a 93% conversion ratio for 2022. After investing over $600 million in capital expenditures for both maintenance and growth projects, we put additional capital to work by completing $529 million in bolt-on acquisitions and also returned $213 million to shareholders via our growing and importantly sustainable dividend. During 2022, we also reduced our leverage back to within our stated target range of 2 times to 2.5 times after completing the U.S. Concrete acquisition in August of 2021. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.3 times at year-end. Our investment-grade balance sheet and significant cash-generation capability give us the capacity to continue to invest in both organic and inorganic opportunities with a constant focus on improving shareholder returns and return on invested capital as we grow and optimize our portfolio. During the fourth quarter, we completed the previously-announced sale of our ready-mix assets in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. On a trailing 12-month basis, our return on invested capital at year-end was 13.5%, inclusive of the loss of earnings historically generated from the network of assets supporting our shutdown of Mexico operations. We also remain focused on continuing to leverage our SAG cost base. SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue improved by 50 basis points versus the prior year to 7% of revenues. Having strategically managed our balance sheet, our portfolio, and our overhead cost structure, we entered 2023 from a position of strength. Tom shared with you our views on the macro demand environment and resulting aggregates expectations. Even with the challenging and uncertain macro backdrop, we expect to grow our adjusted EBITDA to between $1.725 billion and $1.875 billion by capitalizing on the strengths of our aggregates-led business and executing on our foundational strategic discipline. In our downstream businesses, we expect total cash gross profit dollars to approximate 2022 levels. Continued improvement in asphalt segment profitability and the benefit of improving highway demand should offset both the impact of the 2022 divestiture of our concrete businesses in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, and the impact of slowing residential construction activity on our remaining concrete businesses. We expect SAG expenses of between $515 million and $530 million as we remain focused on driving efficiencies in our support functions while delivering new capabilities for the business through investments in technology and talent. We also expect depreciation, depletion, and amortization, and accretion expenses of approximately $610 million; interest expense of approximately $195 million; and an effective tax rate of approximately 22%. In 2023, we plan to consistently reinvest in our franchise with $600 million to $650 million of capital expenditures for both maintenance and growth projects. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Trey, we do expect solid unit profitability growth throughout the year. And of course, we don't give quarterly guidance. But I will try to give you some additional and hopefully helpful context, may be more related to volume. And if you think in terms of cadence, we definitely will have tougher seasonal comps in the first half. Looking back at 2022, three of the six months in the first half of 2022 implied 12-month shipments at a higher level than our full year 2022, and only one of six months in the back half shows particularly seasonally strong shipments. And of course, Q4 with the weather impact. We'll provide an easier comp in 2023. So all in, I think, more challenging year-over-year in the first half from a volume perspective, and the comps at least moderate as you move through the second half.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. Tom highlighted the consistency. And I think if we look over the last three years, we've grown our cash gross profit per ton in 11 of 12 quarters. And as we expect to continue to do that in 2023 and to accelerate. And I think another important reminder about both the level of unit margin expansion in 2022 and also a contributing factor to the contraction in aggregate gross margin percentage is that we had a considerable headwind year-over-year since we report inventory using LIFO as we believe it results in a better matching of costs with revenues. So in periods of increasing costs like we saw in 2022, LIFO will result in higher cost of revenues than under FIFO. And pretax, in 2022, we took an incremental $54 million of costs through the P&L instead of putting it on the balance sheet, if we had used FIFO method in both periods. So I think we really showed strong unit margin in 2022 with some considerable cost challenges.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And specific to the energy in 2023, our expectation is that, that will be more stable, but it will remain at these high levels, which is what will result in a considerable headwind early in the year and then that will moderate as the year progresses.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. That's right. We do expect aggregates gross margin expansion, I'd say, at least at those levels and also on EBITDA margins, too, this will be a year where we can call back to some of our more historical levels.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. I think from a margin standpoint, we expect consistent improvement throughout the year. As Tom said, it will be -- first half will be more price, more cost and second half will be more moderate price and more moderate cost. But I think on the margin side, we should see good growth in -- all throughout the year.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. I think we still see good activity. We have -- our teams are always out looking for opportunities. I think specifically in these kind of environments. I mean, sometimes, there may become a disconnect between sellers' expectations and buyers' valuations. But as we talked about, we have a great ability to generate a lot of cash, and we're always looking for ways to put that to work growing the franchise, particularly through the bolt-on acquisitions. And those, I think, are more about timing on the seller side than anything else.
Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. Before we move to Q&A, I want to thank our entire Vulcan team for a successful year in 2022. And I have great confidence in our ability to continue to execute in 2023, even with the uncertainty in the macro environment. As always, we will be keenly focused on keeping our people safe, driving value for our customers, and capitalizing on the profitability expansion opportunities supported by the Vulcan way of selling and the Vulcan way of operating disciplines. Vulcan is uniquely positioned to create long-term sustainable value with the right products, in the right markets, with the right focus from the right people. And now, Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Thomas Hill: Yes. Sure. If you -- looking into '23, we saw some pretty good bounce-back in January from the bad weather we've had in the fourth quarter. So solid shipments, that being said, with the exception of California, which everybody knows we had floods. But the markets look pretty good. The -- if you look at the leading indicators this year, maybe not as clear as they usually are, so we tried to be thoughtful as we looked at demand throughout the year. And I think a lot of it boils down to timing. When do we see the decrease in single-family really get to shipments? You probably saw a little bit of that in the fourth quarter, but I think the full impact gets us, we realize that kind of end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter. So single-family probably gets hit about down 20%. And then for non-res, it's really again about timing with -- while the leading indicators for non-res look pretty good starts. Longer-term indicators of commercial loans and ABI could lead to challenges in the second half of the year. So we would call that segment flat for 2023. And then it's always timing for highway funding and lettings doing the shipments will be critical. We think that segment -- the public segment is up low-single digits. So as we step back and look at this, we tried to be thoughtful about the dynamics that impact the shipments and the timing of that demand. And while we can't control demand, we can control how we run our business and our unit margins. And I think we've proven we're very good at that. We think we'll grow that mid-teens. So regardless of the dynamics affecting, shipments will grow our earnings.
Thomas Hill: I would call it pretty consistent. We carry really good pricing momentum into 2023. As we said, we guide 11% to 13% for '23. I'm really pleased with our team's performance and how they service our customers to earn that price and how they face the challenges that we've seen over the last three years and then they can adjust price on the fly and very quickly. Our pricing discussions for January 1, I thought went very well, and they're in place. And you got to remember that as we progressed through last year, pricing accelerated as we went through 2022 driven by inflation. So the comps in the second half on price get harder so -- but I think we're confident in that -- while we're confident in that, there's still work to be done in pricing and earning that from our customers. Importantly, as you talked about, our teams have been able to take price to the bottom line, and we think we do that mid-teens this year. I would call price, while pricing comps get tougher as we progress through the year, cost comps get easier. So I would expect a pretty steady growth in that mid-teen level of unit margin growth quarter after quarter.
Thomas Hill: Sure. So let me just step back and talk about pricing in aggregates. If you remember, about [40%] of our work is fixed plant, and we price that once or twice a year. We had discussions in October, November for January 1 price increases. I thought those went very well. Those are in place. And we'll just have to see what happens as we progress through the year and what the market calls for in the individual markets of how that's priced. But the other 60% of your business is bid work and we're bidding jobs as we speak. That's something -- it's something you earn every day, and it's a continuous improvement effort. And so, what we're bidding now will ship in the third or fourth quarter. So all in, we're very confident on our pricing guidance, but some of that's got to be earned as we progress through the year and earned every day with our customers.
Thomas Hill: Yes. On the divestitures, I don't see the impact on volumes as I think we'll continue to service those Ready-Mix plants on Mexico or acquisitions that we made partially in -- for partial year in '22, they're built into the guidance.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think that's built into our guidance in that mid-teen unit margin growth. And as I said a little bit earlier, I think the cadence of that is your comps and pricing are easier in the first half than the second half. And but you're -- but the flip is true on costs. Your comps are going to be easier in the second half on cost. So I think we're pretty consistent at how we -- at our ability to grow unit margin as we progress through the year. And I've also -- like I said, we've been very consistent about being able to do that. So I don't see that being choppy.
Thomas Hill: As always, visibility to growing public demand is a good thing for price. And I think we are -- our folks are quite disciplined on how they earn price. So let's get through '23, but we'll be ready to tackle our challenges and maximize unit profitability as we go into '24 and make sure we fall back on those disciplines of the Vulcan way of selling and the Vulcan way of operating.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think what we have in the plan right now is probably high single-digit. It's a combination of inflation, fuel, and labor. We'll feel -- as I said, we'll feel a bigger impact in the first half just due to the inflationary pressures that we felt kind of escalate as we went through the year. That being said, I think all of that is partially offset with operating efficiencies and improvements generated by the Vulcan way of operations. I think our folks are all over that. And how we do that, many of the details we illustrated in our September Investor Day. But I do have pretty good confidence that they can keep some of that at bay just by improving the key metrics that of throughput and downtime and preventive maintenance that really drive your cost.
Thomas Hill: I think that as always, we look at our assets as a group of assets that have to stand on their own and if this were something -- were something more about some us, then we'll divest of it and put that money back-in our aggregates business, which you've seen us do in the past. Right now, the markets that we have concrete businesses in are privileged concrete markets, and we're pleased with them. Obviously, inflationary pressures you had price-chasing costs. And like we did in asphalt, we'll catch that and bypass it and get back to growing margins. But I think the markets where we bought into, we like them, we kept our aggregates business in New York and New Jersey. But so far, so good, and we think we can continue to improve our returns as we march through 2023.
Thomas Hill: Look, I think it is as good of an infrastructure tailwind as we've ever seen in decades. That being said, as you heard me say before, highway work comes slower than anybody anticipates it to, but it's coming. So overall highway funding is way up. The sector is in great shape as is the entire public sector. State DOT funding is extremely healthy. And then you've got IIJ revenues that are going to be reflected in fiscal year '23, '24 proposed budgets. Our top states are sustaining robust lettings. And that IIJ funding will hit lettings in '23. And it will really impact 23/24 as we move forward. I'll give you a couple of examples. If you think about Arizona, they'll let 45 projects in the first half of this year. If you go and move to California, the total dollars -- project dollars in '23 will be a record coupled with record highway lettings that we saw in November, December. Texas is at $10 billion budget, and they'll have $7.4 billion of lettings in the second half of their fiscal year, which is March through August. And then on the more to come list, that's what's there that we know is coming. But on the more to come list, in Florida, you got Governor DeSantis proposed a 33% increase in the FDOT program that would impact lettings in the -- particularly second potentially in the second half of the year or first half of next year. He's also -- this initial $7 billion that he's wanting to accelerate for some 20 projects, congestion projects. Tennessee's governor proposed to double the '23 '24 TDOT budget. So for this year, it's a matter of timing and how fast do lettings get to project shipping. But I want to step back and say it's nothing but timing. This sector is in very good shape and as good shape as we've ever seen it and growing.
Thomas Hill: I think what you'll see in '23 is maybe a little bit of incremental impact. It will be more of a '24 play. And that's a little bit of what we said in the Investor Day about the operating piece where we're just really rolling it out in '22, but more of an impact in '23. But for logistics, we're doing more rollout development and '23, probably a bigger impact in '24.
Thomas Hill: Well, I think that it's -- I'll take the second part of that question first. 2024, I think we'll see a lot more maturing of the DOTs, getting work to shipments. And if you look at the level of lettings that we'll see throughout the year, that sets us up extremely well for 2024 because they get them left, they get the jobs out there, get them started. And so we entered '24 with a higher level of starts that have gone to aggregate shipments. So I think that obviously, you've got to wait and we'll see how that progresses and the DOTs able to get the work let and out for that they -- the projections they have. On big work, it's hard for me to really judge what some of my peers are doing because I don't get to look at their backlogs and look at their work. So a little bit hard to judge. Now you are insightful in the fact that very large jobs take longer to get from letting to start because they're complicated and there's a lot that goes into it from procuring land and permits, and just more detailed larger engineering things that have to happen and pre work that has to go into it. So we do have a number of large jobs in our backlogs. And as I said, they do take longer, but comparing it to my peers, it's just tough to do.
Thomas Hill: Well, obviously, too early to call because you've got to see what's happening in these lettings, but let's all be hopeful on that one.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think the very large projects is really -- it's really encouraging. We're seeing a number of them. I mean, I'll give you some examples. You got aluminum plant here in Alabama, a 100 plant in Savannah, Georgia, the GM battery plant that we'll be shipping in Tennessee, the Ford F-150 plant in Kentucky and a big solar plant in North Alabama. All of those are hundreds of thousands of tons per job, and so very good work. We have some concerns on does the light non-res follow home construction. That's one piece. And while on heavier res, the starts look good right now. It's really -- the question is and what we're trying to see and can't see yet is what's behind those because you've got commercial loans that have been challenged for four quarters. So right now, the leading indicators look good. And we'll have to wait and see on the other -- see how it starts to trend? I think all in all, we try to be thoughtful as we assume flat but remember, that flat is at extremely high levels, and this sector is not overbuilt. So those set us up good for the future even if there is -- that some of the lighter stuff follows homebuilding, you've got a lot of heavy behind that, too.
Thomas Hill: A little bit -- though the first half of the year, energy costs will be up because of costs. We think it remains at elevated levels. But in the first part of the year, there's no question that everything, including energy, will be up because we saw such a quick rise of inflation throughout the year. So the comps get easier in cost as we go through the year just because the cost rose last year. But for energy in the first half, yes, will be -- it will be a headwind for us.
Thomas Hill: I would take it in pieces. I think that most of it is up mid to high single digits, and that's everything from electricity to parts, to the labor, just kind of all of it is up. It's just going to get hit harder in the first six months of the second six months.
Thomas Hill: I think the big question for all of this is timing of highway projects. And that's in every DOT we have. All of them have great funding. All of them have great plans, all of them have really good lettings. It's how fast do they get that work to shipping aggregates. And I think that's the biggest question that we will have to watch as we go through the year. Now the good part about that question, if it goes faster, that's great but, as I've said, the highway work, it just takes longer to get there, than we think than anybody ever thinks it does, but it gets there.
Thomas Hill: I think it's probably -- right now, we're probably a lot heavier -- lot heavier on the heavy nonres as we saw the light catch-up -- had to catch up with residential growth. And it fell behind a little bit. So I think you still got some runway with light res as it has as it lags single-family, but the heavier piece of this will be a much heavier piece with us a majority of ours will be in heavy res.
Thomas Hill: Yes. You saw us complete several of those really strategic ones in 2022, very important, particularly to our California, our critical California and Texas markets. We always have a few of those that we're working on. We're very picky about it. We're very disciplined about it. But -- and while years in which they may be the future is not as clear. Sometimes they get harder. I wouldn't expect a big turn-off or turn-on with acquisitions kind of a steady flow like we've seen. So I think there will be some out there. The timing of that will be seen, but we'll keep plugging at that and be disciplined about it.
Thomas Hill: Thank you for your time this morning. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter and throughout the year. Please stay safe and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
