Mary Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Tom highlighted the strong operating results we achieved in the third quarter in both our Aggregates and Non-aggregates segments. So I'll focus on a few other items in the P&L, the balance sheet and our revised outlook for the full-year 2022. Our SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue improved by 30 basis points versus the prior year quarter to 6.5% of revenue. Year-over-year increases in SAG were driven primarily by higher incentives consistent with improved earnings and elevated legal and professional fees related both to Mexico and business development activities. Our support teams have been focused on integration activities for acquired businesses, and we expect to reap benefits from those activities into next year. During the quarter, we recognized a pretax gain of $24 million on the sale of real estate in California. Also, as part of our ongoing focus on portfolio management, we are finalizing an agreement for the disposition of our ready-mix asset in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. And therefore, during the quarter, we adjusted the carrying value to fair value, resulting in a $68 million pretax charge. Now turning to the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, our net leverage was 2.5x adjusted EBITDA and within our stated target range of 2x to 2.5x. Disciplined capital management remains fundamental to our strategy and we will continue to deploy capital consistent with our longstanding stated priority. Through the first nine months of this year, we've deployed $378 million in operating and growth capital to support and expand our valuable franchise, $528 million in M&A to grow and strengthen our market positions and $159 million in dividends to return cash to shareholders. Our balance sheet is strong. And during the quarter, we added another source of flexible and cost-effective capital by initiating a commercial paper program. We issued $550 million of commercial paper and used the proceeds to repay half of the outstanding $1.1 billion term loan. In conjunction with initiating the commercial paper program, we also upsized our revolving credit facility to $1.6 billion and extended its maturity to August of 2027. Our investment-grade balance sheet and significant cash generation capabilities give us the capacity to continue to invest in both organic and inorganic opportunities with a focus on improving shareholder returns and return on invested capital. On a trailing 12-month basis, our return on invested capital at quarter end was 13.6% inclusive of strategic acquisitions and ongoing investments and growth opportunities. We are focused on continuing to improve our returns. Now let me comment on the update to our full-year 2022 adjusted EBITDA guidance. We now expect to generate between $1.64 billion and $1.68 billion. Continued strength and underlying demand and acquisition activity are driving aggregates shipment expectations above the upper end of our original expectations of 5% to 7%. We now expect full-year aggregates volume to improve between 7% and 8%. We continue to expect mid single-digit growth and aggregates cash gross profit per ton for the full-year. As expected, pricing gains continue to grow in the third quarter and year-over-year improvement and unit profitability expanded sequentially and was in line with our second half expectations. Other updates to our guidance include full-year SAG expenses of approximately $520 million. Depreciation, depletion, amortization, and accretion expenses of approximately $575 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 25%. We continue to expect to spend between $600 million and $650 million on capital expenditures in 2022. These expenditures include both maintenance and growth projects, and the higher fourth quarter pace of expenditures is reflective of expected deliveries on ordered equipment. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Mary Carlisle: Yes. And I think one other thing as we think about kind of 2005 era versus now more internally. I think we're in a different place with the focus that we've put on our strategic disciplines and the Vulcan way of selling and the Vulcan way of operating, which we're confident will be helpful regardless of the macro environment.
Mary Carlisle: Yes. On the incrementals, as we always do, we'll guide you back to over the long-term and on a same-store basis to that kind of 60%. Obviously, the dynamics in these volatile inflationary times make those numbers jump all over the place. But we always take you back to that 60% over the long-term.
Mary Carlisle: Yes. Adam, you're right, we did reclassified the assets. That's held for sale on the balance sheet. We continue – those operations are still reflected in the P&L in continuing ops. And in terms of the rest of the year, we've taken that into account in the updated guidance that we provided. And once it closes, we can comment more on the details of that transaction.
Mary Carlisle: Yes. And Keith, I think on a gross margin basis, kind of what we discussed at the second quarter was we expected in the back half that the margins would squeeze closer to the prior year. You saw that in the third quarter. The delta was about half of what it was in the second quarter, and I think that, that will continue to improve in the fourth quarter.
Mary Carlisle: We'll give – obviously give more guidance on that when we get to February. I think you're thinking about the interest components correctly. Our conversion ratios have remained at really, really healthy levels, and I don't think we'd expect that to change materially in 2023.
Mary Carlisle: Yes. And another impact on the full-year volume guide was the acquisition activity and just the healthy underlying demand held up.
Mary Carlisle: So I think on CapEx, like our operating plans, we're in the middle of finalizing our 2023 needs right now. I don't think I would expect anything substantially different. We have hopefully been able to catch up some of the lack of spending in 2020 and 2021. You'll note that our pace of spending in Q4 will accelerate from what it has been, and that's dependent upon receiving equipment. So we'll just kind of see how that shakes out and that will somewhat impact 2023 as well. But over the longer term, I think about CapEx as the – vary with volume more than anything else, more and more than time. And so we wouldn't see anything meaningfully different.
Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. Before we go to Q&A, I want to thank our entire Vulcan team for their hard work and consistent execution. I'm proud of the results they delivered in the third quarter, and I'm excited about the operations we added through acquisitions in the quarter. I'm particularly proud of the Vulcan family members who helped to rebuild Sanibel Causeway while at the same time coping with the hurricane impacts on their lives. Thank all of you for your dedication, to your community and to one another. We are always focused on keeping our people safe. We will continue empowering and developing our talented people and executing at a local level. We'll take advantage of the positive momentum and be nimble in addressing new challenges. I'm confident in our ability to continue driving improvement in our core business through the further development of our Vulcan way of selling and Vulcan way of operating strategic disciplines. They allow us to both take advantage of opportunities and confront challenges. Vulcan's long-term growth and value are durable because we have the right people focused on the right disciplines, offering the right products in the right markets. And now, Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Thomas Hill: Yes. Good morning, first of all. And I think I'll take the fourth quarter first and then next year. If you look at the numbers in the fourth quarter, it would really show flat volumes compared to last year. And that's really not a reflection on demand. It's more about comps and fourth quarter weather. So we tried to be thoughtful about this. Last year's November, December shipping rates were the highest in 10 years. In fact, November was the highest month of last year. And then you always got weather in the fourth quarter. In fact, we've seen some of that already. The hurricane that hit Florida actually impacted us the first week of the fourth quarter when it blew up through the East Coast with a lot of rain. And then we've been impacted with low water on the Mississippi. If you step back and look at the fundamentals, our leading indicators are still very positive. Bookings and backlogs are up meaningful year-over-year and quote activity is still robust. So I think we're just trying to weigh puts and takes in the fourth quarter. Looking to 2023, we're actually doing those budgets right now as we speak and appreciate our operators' hard work on that. At a high level, I think 2023 will depend on the magnitude of decline in single-family residential construction, that being offset by the timing and growth of infrastructure and private non-res construction. If you look at the leading indicators in private non-res and in public infrastructure, they're very positive, particularly in Vulcan markets. The starts in Vulcan markets are outpacing other markets. The non-residential indicators, the ABI and the DMI, they both point to growth. On highways IIJA, we're seeing – we're starting to see that impact on DOT planning. It's really a question of the timing from starts to shipments. Quote activity in both non-res and highways is very good and customer sentiment is positive, and you've got to believe the fundamental of construction employment growth. So I think for next year, it's a matter of positives in non-res and highways being offset by single-family. What I do know about 2023, I think that I have confidence that we'll be able to grow our unit margins. And what gives me confidence in that is the hard work that we talked about at Investor Day, we were like done and that we're doing on our strategic disciplines, the Vulcan way of selling, the Vulcan way of operations. And I think we've proved that we could do that. And even with significant headwinds, we were consistent in growing unit margins at a pandemic. We were consistent in growing unit margins when we saw volumes fall. And we've been pretty consistent about growing them even in the face of dramatic inflationary pressures. So I'm confident we'll improve regardless – improve unit margins in 2023, regardless of outside forces, and that's because we just want to control our own destiny.
Thomas Hill: Sure. I think as I look at the fourth quarter, much like the third quarter, I think we'll continue that momentum. And I think I would look at it pretty much consistent with Q3. Again, we carry good pricing momentum into 2023, and we'll get into that in more detail, but work to be done there. It's not – we don't have that in the bag yet. And then from a operating efficiencies, you saw that when we talked about that in September. It's really more throughput, less downtime and being efficient with your labor and your inspections on your equipment to catch it before it breaks. And I think those disciplines are in place. We're improving. We've got the automation in place now. Still work to be done on it, but it's about consistent, continuous improvement.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think if you just step back and look at Mexico, nothing's changed there. We'll still shut down. The impact is still going to be that $80 million to $100 million for the full-year, and that's built into our guidance. If you look at volumes, the volume growth was really widespread. It's not – it's in every market we had. And so it was very widespread. We were – have not been able to make up the volumes on the coast and – just because the railroads can't – we can't mitigate it with – because the railroads can't pull the volume. In fact, they couldn't pull the volume we wanted to ship prior to Mexico being shut down. So that has just been a loss for us and one that you've seen us made up kind of throughout our markets.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I mean, it's just a matter of those strategic disciplines at work. You've got price up 12.5%, and you've got – our operating efficiencies are in place and working and continue to improve. We're at $8.41 per ton in the third quarter. So we're barreling towards that $9. This is why we placed another target of 11 to 12, but I think it's just fundamental solid operations and execution.
Thomas Hill: I think you asked the right question about when does a highways pop. If you look at starts and highways on a trailing six-month basis, it's up 17% on a three-month basis, it's up 27%. So the fundamentals for multiyear growth in highways and infrastructure are very good. You've got substantial funding, both state, county city. You add to that the COVID funds. For example, highways funding went up in Florida, $1.5 billion from COVID funds. So there's substantial funding everywhere and you're starting to see that flow into lettings. In fact, we booked substantial highway work in the last 90 days. So biddings and bookings growth should continue through the fourth quarter and through 2023 and probably for another five or six years. At this point, it's not if, but when. It's a matter of timing. And the speed to get funding to lettings, which you're starting to see, lettings to aggregate shipments. Admittedly, the DOTs have struggled – continue to struggle a little bit to get money out, but they're obviously making progress with those trailing three-month starts at the 27%. And for example, Caltrans, the 2021, 2022 lettings were target was $4.9 billion. They fell short by $500 million when they shifted into 2023 plans, which is now $5.4 billion and the next year is $7.2 billion. So highways is growing. I think it's just – it's really just a matter of speed and how fast they can get to work. I think, again, what I'm encouraged that is – last 90 days at 27% improvements on starts. That's a big deal, and we're seeing in lettings. And you can see that start to flow as people are making plans for calendar year 2023. On non-res, it's remarkably strong and growing and starts are way up, and it's widespread.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I would call the fourth quarter similar to third quarter. The cost inflation just remains stubbornly high. We're obviously offsetting that with price and operating efficiencies or some of it. The parts and service costs are and will probably stay high. I would think that will be for sure in the fourth quarter, and I would expect it into 2023. Obviously, energy headwinds have been – particularly diesel has been extremely tough year-to-date. That's just under $100 million headwind for us. So I think we should expect most of the cost inflation to remain elevated for sure in the fourth quarter, and I would expect it into 2023.
Thomas Hill: When we bought this, we said we would value – we take a year to evaluate and look at our hand. And us selling the ready-mix business is – well, we're selling the ready-mix business up there. We're keeping the aggregate business. And this is us just optimizing our portfolio. We felt like that after looking at it, the ready-mix business up there fit others better than it did us. We had plenty of suitors. Again, we like the aggregates business. That's a good infrastructure play. It's a well-structured aggregate market, which we think is a platform for growth. And all you're seeing there is us optimizing our portfolio.
Thomas Hill: Yes. Housing has turned. We know that. I think that the starts point to it, as do permits. I think what you got to step back and remember, what's very different this time is it's – the fundamentals for single-family residential growth in our market still – they're still there. You've got extremely low inventories, you've got good employment and you've got population growth. So the underlying fundamentals were not overbuilt like we were – when housing went down the last time. So I would expect it to have less depth and less length of time. That being said, I think what really is different for me is the non-res side. It is very strong. All end uses are up, that's office in stores, warehouses, manufacturing, industrial and institutional and the leading indicators show growth. For example, if you look at square footage, which is how we have to look at it, trailing 12-month starts are up 29% in our markets versus 11% in others and trailing three-month is up 47% in our markets versus 9% in non-Vulcan market. So again, it's widespread. It's across all end users. And what stands out for me also is the manufacturing growth in the Southeast, and these are big jobs that we've built on. And let's see if I can just take a few of those. You've got, for example, Big River Steel in Arkansas, it's probably 0.5 million tons. You've got Universal Epic Park in Orlando, Smith Farms, Industrial Park in South Carolina. The big Ford electric vehicle center in Tennessee and the Samsung chip plant in Texas. And the list keeps going. So I guess, a little bit surprised, but very pleased with the rate of growth we're seeing in non-res.
Thomas Hill: Sure. The pricing environment continues to be very good and really driven by visibility to growth in infrastructure and inflation. As we said last quarter, we saw – we're going to see prices sequentially grow. We saw it grow from Q1 to Q2, and then it really jumped from Q2 to Q3 I would say Q4 similar to Q3. And that growth has really supported the big jump from two to three by the July price increases and higher price bid work. And that pricing is widespread across all of our markets. And importantly, we're able to take it to the bottom line through the Vulcan way of selling and Vulcan way of ops. If you look at next year, we carry a lot of that momentum into 2023 as do our ready-mix asphalt and contractor customers. The work we're bidding now will ship in 2023. So we're setting the table right now. And we've had our – we're having our January pricing conversations for fixed plants, and I think those have gone well. But remember, work to be done. The second half comps are going to be a lot tougher. And so while we got good momentum and have a good start to 2023, we still got to be worked – we still have to do work to earn that price, particularly in the second half.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I mean you saw us do some of that this year. We bought some very strategic assets in Northern California and coastal Texas that fit us well and fit our network and expanded our network. I think that as we look at acquisitions, you probably see a little bit – maybe a little bit of slowing, which usually happens in times of uncertainty. And I think our position here is to be opportunistic and disciplined as always, particularly what markets you want to be in. To your point, you got to be very disciplined about what markets you want to be in, and what you don't and what product lines you want to be in in those markets. So we'll continue that. I think this was a typical year with a number of strategic aggregate bolt-ons, and I think you'll continue to see us do that.
Thomas Hill: Yes, it has been tight. I mean maybe a little bit of a headwind on aggregates. I'm not sure drivers and trucks wouldn't have been a headwind anyway with that. We've really not seen a lot of the housing market tighten in our markets yet, maybe a little bit in Northern California and North Texas, but really, we've not seen it yet. With leading indicators, we know it's going to come. I would expect most markets to continue to be somewhat tight on cement even with the loosening of residential starts.
Thomas Hill: I wouldn't count on a restart. I would count on that the $80 million to $100 million is built into our guidance. It's the volumes and our volumes and has all the earnings. We filed an application with the NAFTA arbitration to seek additional claims because of the closure. And in July, we were very pleased the Tribunal granted our application to seek further claims. We're pleased with that decision. We hope to know a lot more in 2023, but these things take time. We've not made the claim public, mainly because we're still working on the magnitude of the ancillary claims. So work to be done on that one, but we do feel like we'll be compensated. We do feel like we have a good case, and we felt like the Tribunal recognize that with letting us open that back up in July.
Thomas Hill: It will be next year. And again, it takes time. I would say – well, as things come – as we know, we'll let you know, but no hard dates at this point.
Thomas Hill: No. I mean that was a business we had already been associated with it. We had a distribution agreement in place for that quarry for four years. So we've been selling those materials as a complementary product to our blue water network since 2019. So it's not added to volume. It will be – its lower mark substantially lower large margins than Mexico. We've gotten the question, well, can you expand it? And it would be logistically really difficult considerably increase the volumes from where they are today because of where that quarry is and some of the shipping constraints. It was – we had it in business for the last few years, really is a complementary source to supply those coastal markets. So it's really not a replacement for tons in Mexico or profitability in Mexico.
Thomas Hill: I think I would expect a similar performance in the quarter. I'd expect it to start going up again in the first quarter of next year as we have price increases in the first year in concrete.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think you've seen a little bit of easing and constraints in construction, but they're still substantial. The railroad constraints we're still – while they've improved a little bit. We still got bottlenecks. On a good shipping day, you still have trucking constraints, albeit both of them are a little bit better than maybe they were a year ago. Same thing with builders. They're still having problems getting supplies and getting parts to get them in a timely manner and they're holding up construction, again, maybe a little better. We said at the beginning of the year that the underlying demand was better than what we had predicted and we continue to see that underlying demand to be pretty good, albeit starting to see some softness in leading indicators in single-family. I think it's a combination of demand remains very good and some easing of bottlenecks, although they're still there.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think it continues to improve. I think it's slow. I think the railroads are adding people. Obviously, we're getting more efficient with our trucking to the Vulcan way of selling. And I think in supplies for construction, I think, continue to slowly improve as we go through 2023.
Thomas Hill: Thank you. I want to take a minute and thank the entire Vulcan team for their tireless efforts to ensure continuous improvement regardless of what the world throws at them. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials, and we look forward to talking to you through the quarter. Thank you, and have a safe day.
