Danny R. Shepherd: Gary, this is Danny Shepherd. I'll answer your call. The first question you asked about demand in North Carolina and Georgia, North Carolina has remained weak for some time. As you know, we have a significant presence in the great -- presence in the greater Charlotte area, and that area of North Carolina has been weak now for some time. We do not have a major presence in eastern North Carolina, and large highway projects for the most part have been occurring in that part of the state. Switching to Georgia, Georgia has also been weak for some time now. Georgia had a hugely overbuilt residential sector. That sector is slowly improving. What remains hopefully a bright spot for us as we move through the year is in the highway sector. We have a reasonably good backlog in highway work as we travel through the summer. So hopefully, we will be somewhat stronger in Georgia in the second half.
Danny R. Shepherd: Rodny, Danny Shepherd here. we have not extended the deadline that we had previously communicated, and we're working very aggressively to actually accomplish some things in the Planned Asset Sale category certainly this year. But no, the answer is no, we have not extended out our deadline.
Danny R. Shepherd: Well, I would add, Mike, early in the quarter, you know what it takes when -- you know what the time line looks like when you take a cement kiln down. So one way to look at it is we lost 10 days, roughly early in the quarter and we lost roughly 10 days late in the quarter because of the weather events. So hopefully, these are non-recurring. There are no planned outages, kiln outages at the cement plant in the near future.
Danny R. Shepherd: No, the answer is no. We're expecting a significant improvement in California as Don talked about in his remarks. The work that -- a large percentage of the work that we expect to ship in the second half is indexed work in California, and that is -- that is something that's manageable.
Donald M. James: I believe our volume guidance for the second half of the year would be essentially flat, not down, and certain maybe up slightly on a same-store basis. The issue, of course, Garik, is timing of projects. We think there's a substantial amount of work in the pipeline coming from improvement in the private sector. We were surprised by both the large declines in the 3 states Danny mentioned but also by very large gains in many of our other markets. So there's a disparity in growth rates across markets, which we think will level out some in the second half, at least, our outlook is based on that. But we are -- we think contract awards for highways are down for the year about 5% to 7% largely because of the lack of any of the stimulus contract awards are no longer going out. But with the passage of the new highway bill, we think the significant new contract awards in the second half, whether they shift in the second half of 2011 or the first half of '13 is difficult for us to predict at this point. But we're not -- I don't think we see a disconnect in our macro outlook in our Aggregate volumes forecast.
Donald M. James: Well, in the first half, we got $55 million of controllable cost reduction. About $25 million of that was SAG and about $30 million was in cost of goods sold. Of the $50 million in the second half, again, about $25 million will come from SAG and about $25 million from cost of goods sold. A portion of that savings is coming from the form of Profit Enhancement Plan, but it's also coming from a very broad-based plant level and regional level initiatives that are helping us with our overall cost reduction effort. So it's a combination of the Profit Enhancement Plan plus the last year's restructuring and last year's SAG reduction efforts, as well as the ongoing Profit Enhancement Plan benefits.
Donald M. James: Certainly, there was a pull forward in demand from the very favorable weather in the first quarter. It's really hard for us to quantify that, but we know it exists. The issue in Florida from tropical storm Debby, I think, there were like 22 inches of rain that soaked the state, certainly, portions of the state. We don't have a number associated with that. Our volumes, as a Danny Shepherd said, in Florida, we're up double digit in the quarter. Clearly, they would have been up some more if it hadn't been for the impact of tropical storm Debby, but we really can't quantify that in any way that we think would be accurate.
Donald M. James: Well, as you know, in this industry, every market is different. It's a matter of what's going on in individual markets. Clearly, it is challenging in this market to get price improvement. We had very, very modest price improvement in the first half but some -- there is a geographic mix to pricing and we had a negative geographic mix for pricing in the second quarter. We think that will modify in the second half and we will get some benefit from a more normal geographic mix as it would flow through into pricing. Put another way, we have very good pricing in North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia, and some of the states where we have the highest volume gains don't have a stronger pricing as some of those other markets. So that geographic impact to pricing is significant.
Donald M. James: I'll go to the first question -- the second part of the question first. Clearly, we are very focused on controlling our cost. And without regard to what's happening with volume, we are committed to achieve the $50 million in additional controllable cost in the second half, totaling $105 million for the year. And then as we move forward into '13, the continuation of the benefit from our Profit Enhancement Plan. So we're doing that independent of political issues or demand issues. Actually, I think we -- with the passage of the federal highway bill, the certainty that gives to DOT's and the substantial increase in the TIFIA program, I think politically, we think we're more optimistic than we've been in several years in terms of the impact on our demand. We obviously are all affected by what is happening and may happen in Europe. But in terms of public infrastructure spending and what we're seeing in the housing markets, both multi-family and single-family housing, and increases in contract awards for private non-res, I think we are probably more optimistic today about the future than we've been in a long time.
Donald M. James: Well, full year, we think residential -- the demand from residential end markets will be up plus or minus 10%. Non-res up plus or minus 6%. Those are the areas that are positive. Highways, at least in terms of contract awards, will probably be down some, maybe plus or minus 6%. And so you balance all that out, infrastructure may be flat to down 1% or 2%. So when you run all that through our model, the improvement is coming from the private sector with some near-term weakness. Last year's third quarter was weak. We saw strength coming back in the fourth quarter, so that's -- as we're looking at comps from last year, we had a relatively weak third quarter and a relatively strong fourth quarter.
Donald M. James: No, that did not change our guidance. I think it gives us a lot of encouragement about the future, but we didn't change our volume guidance based on the passage of the highway bill.
Donald M. James: For the second part, we don't have assets held for sale on our balance sheet. There are rules for when you do that, and basically, the impact is you stop depreciating them so we don't have any on the balance sheet held for sale at this point.
Donald M. James: That does not include sale of any assets. That's operating for -- it's primarily -- it's not in the Cement segment, it's in the Asphalt and Ready Mix segment. The Asphalt Segment is -- will benefit from some projects that will begin in the second half. And the Concrete segment, we believe will benefit from the improvement in private sector demand, both residential and private non-res.
Donald M. James: Well, it was a very market specific. I think there is probably less infrastructure development per housing start today than there was at the last time we saw housing starts pick up, but that will catch up. But there's obviously some of that, but that's not a huge factor right now, but it will obviously come back as some of the already developed lots get consumed.
Donald M. James: Yes. The guidance we have given has been about 60% in the Aggregates business. We're doing better than that year-to-date. And there's a lot of reasons for that, but I would go back to what Danny Shepherd said about the broad-based work our people across our regions are doing at the plant level. So 60% over some period of time is still a good number even though we're beating that year-to-date.
Donald M. James: Mike, in the Asphalt business, the issue was the higher cost of liquid asphalt and the lag in getting that higher cost of liquid asphalt pushed through into our pricing. But in terms of an -- the problem with an individual project, we didn't have any of those. It's really the liquid asphalt impact. The liquid asphalt prices were up about 10% in the first half, which had a significant impact on the profitability. And we're looking for stronger volumes in both Asphalt and Concrete in the second half. I mentioned earlier in Asphalt, it's because of the timing of some larger highway projects particularly in California. And in Concrete, it's driven by the improvement in residential and private non-res construction, which is the larger user of concrete. We expect improved material margins in both Asphalt and Concrete. And the combination of volume growth and improved margins is the basis for our improved guidance in the second half. With respect to the cement plant, 2 things happened in the second quarter. One, we had a planned outage, which always impacts results in a quarter in which you have an outage because you don't have production for a period of time and you have increased R&M costs. And secondly, at the cement plant, we had a -- because of the storm, we had -- we lost power to the cement plant and that clearly disrupts production not just for the time that the power is out but then the time to get the plant back up following that. Danny, do you have any other...
Donald M. James: We have some portion of our liquid asphalt needs committed pricewise. And in some portion, we'll have to continue to buy on the spot market. The lag in pricing, many of these projects are priced much further out than 3 months from the shipping date.
Donald M. James: Thank you very much for joining us for our second quarter conference call. We look forward to having you again after the third quarter. Thank you for your interest in our company and have a good day.
