Joseph Tusa: Thank you, Sabrina. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today is Bill Sandbrook, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Bill and I will make some prepared remarks, after which we will open the call to your questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to cover a few administrative items. U.S. Concrete would like to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of that act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially. For a list of these factors, please refer to the legal disclaimers and risk factors contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please note that you can find the reconciliations and other information regarding the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K that we will file today under the investor relation section of our website, www.us-concrete.com. If you would like to be on an e-mail distribution list to receive future news releases, please sign up in the Investor Relations section of our website under Email Alerts. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website under Events & Presentations. Now I would like to turn the call over to Bill to discuss the highlights for the quarter.
Joseph Tusa: Seth, this is Jody. As you rightly noted down, and as we included in our commentary, Northern California is one of our highest margin markets and so Q2 and Q3 are generally our strongest quarters, and with that volume coming into the mix, we would expect improvement directionally in Q2 and the margins.
Joseph Tusa: We're looking in all potential markets, east-west, north-south. Our preferred is high-growth urban markets, but we are looking across the country.
Joseph Tusa: No, Craig, as Bill mentioned, the effort continually on further optimizing the cost structure is very active. Maintenance CapEx that we have mainly for our truck fleet, is very predictable as you know. And so we don't expect or see spikes in any of the cost components that would be unanticipated or in the organic CapEx as well.
Joseph Tusa: Yes, Trey. Just - very similar to what we experienced with the heavy rainfall in the past 2 years in the state of Texas. It takes more than just 1 quarter to absorb that level of disruption. So that maybe 2 quarters or 3 quarters to get all of that work back into the schedule, and remember, that as Bill mentioned, Northern California is very, very active market right now. So that we don't expect to get fully made up in Q2.
Joseph Tusa: Yes, Trey. The opportunity is significant, particularly as some components of the energy patch continue to recover, mainly around the Permian, and so the capacity there, you have to look at a little different from say the Dallas market proper. And so the capacity to ramp up is pretty significant in the West Texas market. You are correct, that 10% of revenue component is down from previous year. So there is opportunity to move that up and the capacity - and we'll largely depend on the timing and size of projects that come into that market.
Joseph Tusa: Well. I think, Brent, we've been pretty consistent in saying that we do expect mid-single digit price increases for ready-mix and we see that it, also in our prepared remarks today, that potential to continue for a few years. So the way we look at it is with that kind of pricing power, with a position that we have in our markets, we would have the ability to further widen out the margin spread, and so we have some variabilities, as you know, in our margins by markets but we are very well poised to take advantage. Not only have improving the volumes in our higher-margin markets, but also widening out our margin spreads across everywhere where we operate.
Joseph Tusa: Stanley, we've mentioned in the past that moving the EBITDA - the total adjusted EBITDA margins in the mid-teens range and we are quite close in the performance in this quarter, is how we look at the business overall. So we do think there are still opportunities to further optimize the cost structure and then as I mentioned continue to widen out the raw material margin spreads. So that's sort of how we're looking at it in the near-term and again, based on the performance in Q1, that looks quite achievable.
Joseph Tusa: Yes. It's really the latter, Scott. So there were no one-time or nonrecurring types of components in the cost structure that drove these results, and so as you look at margins overall or on an incremental basis, we do think that trajectory is a good way to look at what will continue in the coming quarters and years. And it's attributed to the components exactly that you mentioned. Just underlying fundamentals improving in pricing, improved volumes over the fixed cost structure and further optimizing various components of our overall cost.
William Sandbrook: Thank you, Jody. I want to take a minute to thank Jody for his hard work and dedication to the success of U.S. Concrete over the past year and a half. Leading 2 extremely successful debt raises has been instrumental in positioning the company for future growth. We wish him the best of luck in his professional endeavors. As to our progress, we are actively engaged in the CFO search and have progressed to the interview stage with numerous very highly qualified candidates. I'm confident that we will seamlessly seat a high caliber individual in the role, without missing a beat, as we have a seasoned finance team in place to assist in the transition. We are pleased to continue to deliver on our growth objectives and create a sustainable platform for continued success. We continue to believe that the construction cycle has a healthy runway for continued expansion. We have established our company in attractive geographic markets with leading share positions to deliver consistent profit improvement and generate attractive returns for many years to come. As we look to the balance of 2017, we're optimistic on the prospects for growth in our existing markets and our acquisition pipeline remains a viable avenue for additional growth, including potential new Metropolitan market areas and increased vertical integration with additional aggregates. We expect our markets to continue to outpace the national average for construction spending, allowing us to maintain our relentless focus on our 2-pronged strategy. The first, grow organically through operating excellence, superior product delivery and service. And second, expand through acquisitions that bolster our existing market positions and capitalize on potential opportunities in new high-growth markets. We expect that the disciplined execution of our strategic growth plan should lead to increased value for our shareholders. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We look forward to updating you on our future successes. We would now like to turn the call back over to Sabrina for the question-and-answer session.
William Sandbrook: Yes it was. The weather has moderated obviously, it's more conducive to placing and pouring and supplying concrete. So I would - it's as simple as just watching the weather in any of our footprint, and specifically in California, because all of the pent-up demand for our projects that were delayed.
William Sandbrook: The mix are fairly consistent. We have seen a little bit more influx in the transportation infrastructure area, as you can well imagine from some flow through of the FAST Act and some of these other projects that we won, notably the LaGuardia Airport which is in the infrastructure side. We shift it little bit for Q1, 2017, we shifted a little bit more into the infrastructure side at 18%, decreased marginally in the commercial industrial sector, dropped from 60% to 56%. Res is up now 0.2. So a minor shift into the res.
William Sandbrook: I wouldn't characterize as we haven't gone after those job or haven't focused on those jobs. You remember 2 years ago, we completed the Oakland Bay Bridge which is a massive infrastructure project. So it's more opportunistic. So the more of the opportunities are there for enhanced margin difficult to perform projects, we would focus more of our capacity towards those. They just haven't been that available in some of our markets because of the lack of the infrastructure spend available. So as more projects become available, we'll focus more on that for our existing capacity.
William Sandbrook: Not as a result of the new plan passed by Governor Cuomo. Those would've been done irrespective of that maybe on the come, hoping that there would be a replacement for the 421a program, but this is - the projects that we are doing now, they've been planned 1 year to 2 years ago, so all of this is to come.
William Sandbrook: It's close to Philadelphia but the purpose of that acquisition was primarily to self-consume in our existing ready-mixed operations where sand is extremely expensive and expensive to truck-in from various land-based sources. So it could give us opportunities for additional markets in the future, the primary reason for that was self-consumption in the five boroughs of New York.
William Sandbrook: The strategy around markets, not only geographically, but the characteristics of those markets are still very consistent with what we communicated over the last year.
William Sandbrook: As far the synergies, the New York market we had 4 acquisitions within the last 12 months and it takes 18 months to 24 months to fully synergize them. So as that clock ticks forward and with those companies under our umbrella and the rationalization of the operating footprint, so that we can more effectively and more cost-effectively and more cheaply service large projects, comes into our operating model that obviously is going to help our operating costs. I can - irrespective of post-acquisition synergies. We are constantly striving for operational and process improvements.
William Sandbrook: Obviously we were impacted negatively in California, so the results that we did put on the paper had to overcome that and it would be a combination of New York and Dallas Metroplex, Northern Texas.
William Sandbrook: It had marginally - it had basically marginally improved weather, except if you remember at the end of March, the third week of March we had that big blizzard in New York. So we had to overcome that as well in the last 2 weeks, and obviously, March is seasonally better weather than January and February and then we lost a full week in March. I'm very pleased with our results even given some weather disruptions in that market.
William Sandbrook: No, from my commentary, what's in the project pipeline, what we papered, what we're working on right now, what's in our backlog, what's not even in our backlog but was projected on Staten Island with the Port Authority spend and the governor's new proposal for the 421a replacement, I'm very happy to be operating in New York with a footprint we have.
William Sandbrook: Yes, we are looking in that market, as all of our markets for potential opportunities. I'm optimistic about the growth prospects in D.C. as well.
William Sandbrook: We've answered that, that we expect high single-digit organic growth. Supplemented by selective acquisitions that we're able to accomplish. So we're right under double-digit if you're counting 10 as a double digit. So I would stick with outside of any acquisitions those high single-digit projections we've given you.
William Sandbrook: It depends on the market. The ultimate endgame is what you have to keep in mind, you have to have a path to consolidation so that we can replicate the market concentration and the ability of purchase raw materials extremely cost effectively and the ability to cover an entire metro region with a robust plant network. So depending on the underlying commercial characteristics and competitive environment within each of those regions, would dictate the strategy. So it's situational, depending on the underlying market fundamentals or dynamics with in each of those metro areas.
William Sandbrook: Success like beauty is in the eyes of the beholder. As I said in my prepared comments, our ability to buy large quantities of cement and aggregates in our markets allow us to be very efficient in our purchases, vis-à-vis what some of our smaller competitors might have to pay. Our supplier's value our volume.
William Sandbrook: No I don't think it's a headwind at all. Because some of these infrastructure jobs are very complicated with significantly difficult quality specifications that not all ready-mix suppliers can perform to, as well as the service requirements of the number of trucks and robust plant networks. So I think that those are very high-priced high-margin opportunities, so I don't look at that as a headwind at all. We're not counting on it because some of these plants we still have to see the fruition and the flow through of the dollars to actual projects, but I would consider that a tailwind to our existing base of business which is very healthy right now, but not a headwind at all.
William Sandbrook: There are mix implications there obviously, but in this respect it kind of works. Our underlying price worked in favor of the shifting mix. Obviously, the 2 coasts are more expensive ready-mix and because of the decline in volume, because of the weather impacts in California, we lost some of that high-priced California pricing. So when you see a mid-single-digit or a 6% price increase, that's overcoming a mix shift that goes against us. So there's very strong underlying fundamental pricing dynamics in all of our markets.
William Sandbrook: It did have some weather impacts; it's been noted in various forms over the last couple of days. In our markets, when you look at the precipitation rank first quarter 2017 versus first quarter 2016. In our major Texas market, would be the Dallas Metroplex it was a 74th wettest quarter on record. Last year was the 59th so marginally wetter in Dallas. And as far as our West Texas markets, last year it was the 39th wettest which is fairly low out of 118 years. And this year was the 109th wettest. So there were impacts in our West Texas business, minor impacts in our Dallas business which we overcame.
William Sandbrook: I would say that we desire to get both we have been very consistent, not only in in-fills new markets and in aggregate vertical integration. But I think there has been some more opportunities, some more sellers that have surfaced over the last 6 months. So wouldn't necessarily be our wish list has changed but opportunities to execute deals that weren't previously available to us, now are coming into the mix a little bit.
William Sandbrook: Sure. That's not a primary objective of our strategy. We do have mobile concrete plants and division that historically has followed infrastructure work, wind farm work for instance in Colorado, Montana, Oklahoma. We've kind of moved away from that to some extent because you just - it's difficult to find competitive advantages when you come into another market where you don't have a presence in, both in raw material purchasing and sourcing labor, and competing for that work with existing players that are in that market. Now having said that, when there are large infrastructure projects within our existing geographies, when we are at a fairly high level of capacity utilization within those major Metropolitan areas, it's our preferred means of supplying that job with a portable operation that supplements our existing fixed-plant capacity. So I would look at it more that we've had the ability, even when our other plants are busy, to set up additional capacity within markets that we currently exist to take advantage of those opportunities.
William Sandbrook: Yes. Interesting that the capacity question in New York. Some of that excess capacity is going to be used up by overall market demand with us and our competitors, so I'm not that concerned about that. To the extent that we can efficiently take advantage of cost opportunities because of excess cement capacity our own purchasing ability because of the amount that we buy and our leverage in that relationship, and as we keep getting value for our products and service and delivery, as you've said, they're very complicated project and not many people - not many companies can do them and there has to be an inherent value for our customers in using us. That combination should continue to allow us to increase spreads.
William Sandbrook: Thank you, Sabrina. Thank you, everyone, for participating in the call this morning, and for your continued support of U.S. Concrete. This concludes our call, and we look forward to discussing our second quarter results with you later this summer. Thank you.
