Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Our teams delivered another solid performance in a challenging macro environment. The resilient nature of our aggregates-led business actually stands out in times like these. We've grown our cash gross profit per ton in 15 of the last 16 quarters and expanded our trailing 12-month unit profitability at a compounded annual growth rate of 5.5% over that 4-year period. These consistent results come from our unwavering commitment to executing on our strategic disciplines, which allows us to capitalize on pricing opportunities to mitigate cost pressures and to drive improvement in unit profitability. During the second quarter, we grew our aggregates cash gross profit per ton despite significant external headwinds. Importantly, our year-over-year improvement expanded sequentially each month. We are poised to carry this momentum forward and deliver both aggregates cash unit profitability growth and double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth this year. We generated $450 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter, an 11% increase over the prior year. These results include an approximate $20 million impact from the unexpected and arbitrary shutdown of our operation in Mexico in May. The results were also hampered by ongoing energy cost headwinds and other inflationary pressures. Pricing improvement was robust across all product lines. Year-over-year growth in aggregates mix-adjusted price has increased sequentially for 6 quarters. Both asphalt and ready-mix delivered strong double-digit price improvement, which helped cost set rising energy costs. Turning now to each segment. Aggregates gross profit improved 8% to $402 million. Demand remained healthy across our footprint during the second quarter with the majority of geographies showing shipment growth. Overall, volume improved 9% or 2% on a same-store basis. Ongoing pricing momentum helped margins return to growth in the second quarter. Freight adjusted pricing increased 9% over the prior year's quarter. Mix-adjusted pricing improved 10%. We expect continued momentum through the balance of the year as second half price increases and new project work backlog at higher prices begin to flow through into the third quarter.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews, and a special thank you to Suzanne. As we previously announced, this will be Suzanne's last earnings call. You hear me say this a lot, but it's the people of Vulcan to make this place special. And Suzanne is, for sure, one of those people. Suzanne, we're grateful for your tenure, and we appreciate your leadership. And it's been -- and your leadership has been -- played a critical role in our success over the last 4 years in our ability to deliver enhanced profitability and higher returns on capital despite pressures like pandemics and inflation. And while Suzanne's business skills are tremendous, I think what I'll miss most is her caring touch. And I think what the organization will miss is how she welcomes all in and made us feel a part of the Vulcan family. Suzanne, we wish you the best in your retirement. We'll miss you greatly. We want to thank you. Well, make sure you go take care of those grandbabies. I want to also thank the entire Vulcan team for your hard work and your success. I'm excited about where we've been, but I'm more excited about what we're going to accomplish the rest of 2022 and beyond. First and foremost, on keeping our people safe as we've shown in our industry-leading safety performance. And we are focused on delivering value to our shareholders by executing at the local level, driving unit margin expansion through our strategic disciplines and maximizing the synergies from recent acquisitions. We look forward to seeing all of you in New York in September for our Investor Day. And now Suzanne, Mary Andrews, and I will be happy to take your questions.
Tom Hill: Stanley, I think as an investor, I'd ask 3 critical questions. The first question would be what's going to happen with price? And I think that's a pretty easy question to answer. Price is very good. It's getting better, and it's going to continue for the foreseeable future. We've seen times where we had double-digit pricing, and usually when that happens, it's a multiyear trend. Second question would be, okay, in the face of inflation, can you take that price to the bottom line? And simply, yes. We saw an inflection point in the second quarter. Margins were back in growth in May, kind of low single digit, then they grew to mid-single digit in June. So margins are in expansion mode. And then we're going to have mid-year price increases. So pricing is now outpacing inflation. And I'd like to take you back to a critical fundamental of our aggregates business, and that is that aggregate pricing is inelastic, but diesel cost or not. And then the third question would be what's going to happen with demand and shipments in the foreseeable future? And I think the answer to that one is we see demand continuing to grow, maybe in a little bit different format, so less single-family, more multifamily, really growing non-res and a lot more infrastructure. So you put all those 3 questions together, I think our business is set up for success for the next few years.
Tom Hill: Yes. So as I talked about earlier, if you looked at May, we were up, say, 2% of unit margins; June, say, 5%. You've got another price jump in July. We're also adding higher bidding prices in the second half. We see -- the cost inflation, it's not just going to go down, but it's not going to continue accelerating like it has. And that would point us to what I'd say high single-digit unit margins in the second half. So really, we've recovered -- as we always do, we'll take the inflationary hit. Our pricing lags, but we'll jump it and we'll go back in the growth mode. And I'd say that unit margins will be very good in the second half, and we'll carry that momentum into '23.
Tom Hill: Sure. I think it was slow as we had predicted in the first half because states kind of hit the pause button in the second half of last year to kind of see what's going to happen with their budgets. The fundamentals, I think, for multiyear growth in infrastructure and highways is very good. At this point, you've got state, county, city tax revenues at extremely high levels, and that is prior to IIJA. We've seen substantial bidding booked work in infrastructure in the last 90 days. And embedded in that in the recent backlog as a number of multiyear big, big projects and again, prior to IIJA. So the bidding and backlog growth should continue for the balance of this year. And then I think the DOT budgets as we look forward to next year, are starting to reflect the 38% funding increase from IIJA plus, on top of that, their substantial funding going into this. So we predicted the growth. We saw it in the biddings in the second quarter. We think that continues for this year and well into '23 and '24.
Tom Hill: Yes. It's really energy. And, I mean, diesel from the second half to the -- first half to the second half is probably about in line, but you still have other inflationary pressures in there and labor continue to escalate a little bit. But it's primarily just all the flow-through of all the inflationary inputs and services that we have in that business.
Tom Hill: Yes. So with the shutdown in May, we filed an application in the NAFTA arbitration to seek additional claims because of the shutdown. In July, the Tribunal granted our application to seek those further claims, and we should hope to hear a decision sometime in 2023.
Tom Hill: Yes. You asked about volumes, and I would tell you that what's in the guidance is growth of roughly low single digit. I would tell you to point out that the underlying demand in the market, I think, is a lot stronger than that, particularly with the growth we're seeing in nonres and infrastructure. The second half, as I said, we'll see growth, but you've got some headwinds there. And it's namely -- the biggest one is going to be Mexico. Second would be lack of rail service. We just can't get enough product to the coastal markets. And the third and fourth one would be just truck shortages at peak time capacity and then some cement charges in the market. As we look further out, I think the demand drivers are shifting. You've got single-family leading indicators, not as robust, but we think that -- well, it's still at really high levels, but we think that's offset by 3 factors: One, multifamily construction remains extremely strong; two, non-residential construction continues to improve; and three, as we talked about, highways and infrastructure bookings are showing considerable strength in the last 90 days, and that's prior to IIJA and that will only get better in the second half of this year going into '23. And remember that -- you got to remember that Vulcan markets enjoy considerable population growth. So our demand profile will grow faster than the rest of the country.
Tom Hill: You hear about jobs not being awarded due to being over the engineers' estimates because of inflation, and we think that's really the exception, not the norm. The place that we've seen a little bit of that is in Georgia. But even in Georgia, they postponed 8% of work where they normally do about 1%. And I would underline postpone, they don't go away with it, they just said, hey, we're going to wait and see what happens with inflation. And so those jobs don't go away. But most states -- that's more of the exception of the rule. Most states are pushing work through despite inflationary costs, for example, I think, Texas and Arizona DOTs have been real clear about that they're going ahead with their scheduled programs. And you have to remember that the DOT funds are extremely high levels right now, and that's prior to the big increase in federal funds. You've got gas tax revenues at insanely high levels. You got extra COVID funds. So at this point, the DOTs have been aggressively bidding their work since February, March. And we're seeing that in our bookings and backlogs as we talked about. So I actually don't think it's a big issue for most of the DOTs.
Tom Hill: Yes. At this point, that's not in our guidance. In fact, that's -- well, we took the $80 million to $100 million hit. We're not backfilling those tons. You'd say, well, can't you just rail down there? The fact of the matter is we can't get the rail service for our normal business increases that we normally use. So at this point, we don't have that in our plan.
Tom Hill: To be seen. I don't see at this point because of the lack of rail service. But we'll -- as we -- as time goes on, we'll keep you updated.
Tom Hill: Now, you're going to steal my thunder for my Investor Day. Yes, you pointed out. Look, as we said in the prepared remarks, we're at $7.99 per ton. So -- and our long range have been $9. So we're rapidly approaching that. Obviously, this is a continuous improvement journey. And so we'll hope to give you some -- you guys some new goals and a path to those goals as we talk in September, and I think we'll have a full morning of that at the end of September.
Tom Hill: My answer applied to the balance of this year, I didn't really get into '23, but that was a little bit of a governor advance for this year, but I don't think it's one of the major ones.
Tom Hill: Well, I think it became visible in May. It became more visible where unit margins were up 2% in June. They went up 5%. We're predicting them go up high single digits in the second half. So I think we're here and we're in the middle of it, and it's growing rapidly.
Tom Hill: I think you see it ramping up in the second half of this year, and then it ramps up some more in '23 and a lot more in '24. So you've got -- I mean, what's really impacting this year is not the federal fund increase, and federal funds, it is gas tax and COVID funds. That probably is the majority of the ramp-up in the first half of '23, and then you've got the big jump in federal funds, I think, hitting second half in '23 and '24.
Tom Hill: Yes. So in the quarter, as we said, it was up 9%, 10% of mix adjusted. I think it's important to your point to note the cadence of pricing within the quarter. So April was up 7%, May was up 9%, June was up 10% and we'll continue to see that sequential pricing as we progress through the second half. To your point, it's supported by widespread July price increases, you've got bid work continue to go up, you're replacing old work with higher price bid work. And so I think if you look at the second half, we're probably in 12% or 13% -- for the total second half, 6 months, we're probably in the 12% to 13% range. And as you pointed out, we ended the quarter at 10%, so that will continue to step up as we go through the year. And to your point, that will also set us up really well for 2023 as most of the work that we bid in the third and fourth quarter will ship next year. So we'll go into it with significantly higher prices as we start the year, so a big advantage to us to kick off 2023 with much higher pricing.
Tom Hill: So I would tell you minor, a little bit here and there kind of some peak times. It's not just cement, it's also trucking for aggregates. It's also ready-mix truck operators. So there's a whole bunch of things that plays into that. So that is a piece of it, but I'd say it all kind of just blends together. So it's more peak time kind of end of the week, but it's -- so it's a little bit, but there's a lot of other factors besides just cement.
Tom Hill: Thank you all for your interest and your time for Vulcan Materials this morning. We appreciate it very much. We hope that you and your families remain safe and healthy, and we really look forward to seeing you at the end of September for our Investor Day in New York. Thank you and have a great day.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom, and good morning to everyone. As I reflect on the first half of this year, I'm pleased with our 14% adjusted EBITDA growth that was driven by a strong performance in aggregates, which Tom described, and SAG cost leverage. Our strategic discipline helped us confront and overcome macro challenges in the current dynamic operating environment. In regards to SAG, we reduced this cost as a percentage of revenue by 50 basis points in the first half to 7.3%, and we are positioned to further leverage cost by the end of the year. I'm also pleased that our net leverage was reduced to 2.5x EBITDA, the top end of our stated target range of 2x to 2.5x. Our balance sheet is strong, and our significant cash generation capabilities give us the capacity to continue to invest in both organic and inorganic growth opportunities. Disciplined capital management remains fundamental to our strategy. Our capital decisions are made with the goal of improving shareholder returns and return on invested capital, while maintaining financial flexibility and our investment-grade credit ratings. On a trailing 12 months basis, our ROIC at quarter end was 13.6%. Our adjusted EBITDA over the same time horizon increased by 13%, and we expect continued improvement. I'll now turn the call over to Mary Andrews to provide more details on our outlook for the remainder of 2022. Mary Andrews.
Suzanne Wood: Yes, Anthony. I'd just add that, that extra $30 million, you'll see the majority of that in the Asphalt segment due to continued higher liquid in the back half. And then you'll know we also raised the SAG guide just a bit, which is related to some business development expenses and other legal costs related to Mexico.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. I think on the gross margins in the back half, like Tom said, we really view the second quarter as having been an inflection point with pricing beginning to accelerate faster than the cost. And so we would expect to see gross margins begin to improve in the back half.
Suzanne Wood: I think we'll see sequentially the challenges that we've had in gross margin in the first half and the inflationary pressures will abate some in the second half.
Suzanne Wood: Yes, sure. As Mary Andrews has indicated, the CapEx outlook for this year remains at $600 million to $650 million. We've talked about this before. That's a little higher than what it has been in the last couple of years just because we had various things impacting that, namely the pandemic, and most recently, the supply chain has made it difficult to take in some of that equipment that we had planned to be delivered last year. So this year is a little bit higher. Probably 2/3 or so of that is directed towards what we refer to as operating CapEx. That's the first pillar of our capital allocation strategy because it's important that we maintain the value of the valuable franchise we have. And therefore, it's super important that we keep our equipment in very good working order. And certainly, as you look forward, potentially volatile times from a macro perspective, it's important that your equipment remain in good shape and good utility because that gives you the ability if you needed to reduce CapEx going forward for a few years. So we're comfortable with where we are on CapEx. With respect to growth, certainly, we have invested in a number of sales yards over the years in certain markets that act as virtual quarries for us and help us distribute aggregates to customers. We also have a number of greenfield projects, which we do a number of those if we have a growth quarter in which there isn't a company that we're interested in from an M&A perspective. Some of those more recent greenfield sites have been California, Georgia, Texas and South Carolina. So we're comfortable with the level of spending. We think it's appropriate for the size of our business now and puts us in good shape going forward. With respect to the leverage target, it was important for us following the U.S. Concrete acquisition to get ourselves back within the range. So we were pleased to get to the top end of that range at 2.5x. And having gotten within that range, I think that we will continue down the path of it's important to stay within the range with what we have in front of us. I think we are well able to do that. And the capital allocation priorities have been in place for a long time. They have put us in good shape. Our return on investment has increased 40 or 50 basis points over the last 2 or 3 years. And so we will continue to follow those capital allocation priorities.
