James Thomas Hill: Thanks, John. We were pleased with our fourth quarter performance, but our eyes are on what's in front of us. Last year, we put down a solid foundation. Now we will build on it. We're going to be highly focused on superior execution of the business, price improvement, lowering cost, margin growth and capital discipline. The momentum that we found so encouraging in 2014 and that was so apparent in our fourth quarter results will only continue to grow. Along with accelerating demand growth, we're going to see accelerating momentum in our ability to secure price improvements and in our ability to continue executing on our first-class operational discipline, controlling and lowering cost. We fully recognize the importance of executing on price and operational discipline to give our shareholders a superior return on capital. And as I said earlier, we will continue to be extremely disciplined in our allocation of capital. Regardless of what the markets may do, we will stay focused on the things that we control, executing on price improvement and margin expansion. We'll also remain focused on servicing our customers so they continue to reap value from their relationships with us. Working together, we will win. I'm excited about our company and its future, and I look forward to continuing to report to you as we keep growing and succeeding in the years ahead. Now if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
James Thomas Hill: No, it won't have any effect on pricing. We've got a lot of pricing momentum. We do not price on cost. It's market-driven in the value of our products and the services to our customers. So the price of oil won't have an impact on the price of aggregates.
James Thomas Hill: I don't see any place we'd give back cost savings on fuel. I think when it comes to fuel, what we concentrate on are things we can control, which is using our procurement and management systems to buy fuel at the most competitive prices we can. And then we monitor fuel usage at every location, over 300 locations. We manage the tons per gallon of fuel we use so that we make sure that our equipment -- we're operating our equipment as fuel efficiently as we possibly can.
James Thomas Hill: Yes, first of all, we sell very little directly to the oil patch in Texas, so the immediate impacts, we're not going to see any. There is a lot of momentum in Texas, residential, nonresidential. Texas just passed Prop 1, which is an additional $1.8 billion to their highway funding, which is also right in our wheelhouse because a lot of that is focused on rural markets where we operate. We just think there's a lot of momentum there. At this point, we don't see anything happening for 2 or 3 quarters after that. I'm not sure we want to predict it, but there's a lot of folks out there predicting that.
James Thomas Hill: I think that's -- hold on, I'll get that number for you. I believe that's about 7 -- between 7 million and 8 million tons.
James Thomas Hill: They're in our -- those volumes are in our 2015 numbers. We knew that the projects in California were going to be postponed in the third quarter, and they're included in our '15 outlook.
James Thomas Hill: Well, as I said earlier, very little goes directly into the oil patch. We'll ship over 2 million tons to large coastal energy projects in 2015. Those jobs are underway or getting underway. They won't be postponed. There's a few jobs that have not -- there's a few projects on the coast that we're hearing rumors of delay, but they would not hit until '16 or '17 anyway.
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think the mix issue was we sold big projects in -- up and down the Mississippi River and in Illinois. While those were at lower prices, they were very good volumes. I think the fourth quarter headline pricing belies the pricing momentum that we're seeing across our footprint. If you kind of step back and look at pricing in the fourth quarter on a market-by-market basis, and we look at the markets where we're seeing higher growth or the recovery is a little more mature, and I'll read these off to you. We're seeing price increases in the fourth quarter 7.8%, 6.5%, increase of 5.8%, 5.7%, 4.8%, 4.6%. Now offsetting that in some of the markets where recovery is not as far along or where we sold some big basin finds job, we've seen price increases in the fourth quarter of 2%, flat, flat, minus 1% or minus 1.4%. And that's not all bad because if you look at the margin expansion across that same footprint, we're seeing nice margin expansion in almost all of our markets. So as far as pricing going into 2015, there's a lot of -- we're confident that the conditions and the momentum is there for good price increases. I'm focused on it. I think our team is focused on it. And we're secure about our pricing outlook for '15.
James Thomas Hill: Yes, we're seeing a lot of positive momentum for a new highway bill. Leadership of both parties stated their intention to pass a well-funded bill. The timing, that's not clear. It may be difficult to get a bill by May, but -- and we may need an extension, but Congress has shown over and over again that they're going to fund the highway program, and so extension may have to happen and -- I mean, it will. The lack of a highway bill is not going to hurt us. The highway bill is not in our outlook. It could only help us. And we think there's a reasonably good chance of getting a bill in 2015.
James Thomas Hill: That's a good question. If you look at our -- we've got a number of very large jobs that we'll be supplying in '15, the Grand Parkway in Houston, 575 -- I-75/575 in Atlanta. So there are a number of very large jobs across our footprint that we started in '14 and will really kick in, in '15. But there's some other pieces of that. We've got 6 TIFIA jobs that will ship in 2015, be north of 2 million tons in '15 for those jobs. So you're starting to see the TIFIA program really mature from people talking about jobs or planning jobs to actually shipping materials on them. And then we've seen a number of state highways increase their funding. In Florida, Governor Scott announced a $10 billion highway funding bill for this coming year. Texas, as I mentioned earlier, passed Prop 1, which is an additional $1.8 billion. We've gotten more funding in Virginia. Georgia got a proposal for an increase of $1 billion. So the state funding is up on top of all of that.
James Thomas Hill: I think we're very confident in our outlook. When we do these bottom-up, our guys and gals come in each quarter in each market to build that volume up. As far as -- we had a very good 2014 in non-res. Some of that driven by traditional non-res, construction of office buildings, big-box, strip malls. On top of that, we saw the bulk from the large projects along the Gulf Coast. We'll continue to see that. There's a lot of confidence out there in the marketplace, both our salespeople and our customers for non-res. And as I said earlier, we -- our shipments to the large energy projects along the coast will be higher in '15 as those projects mature than they were in '14.
James Thomas Hill: When we do -- first of all, when we do these plans, they're from a bottom-up perspective with over 300 locations across the country, so everybody's fuel is using a different fuel cost. Embedded in that is also off-road and on-road diesel, and that mix changes. So trying to get a solid comparison for a diesel price is really tough. Now there may be some savings embedded in it, but as I said earlier, our focus will be on the things that we can control, which is how we buy it, and buying it as economically as we can, and then how we use it, with measuring tons per gallon. So there may be some embedded there, but that's really hard to define and take apart across our footprint. As far as other costs or concern, there's always different commodities we use always. They do have price increases in a number of those. I think we also have the operating leverage, but I think we'll turn in -- continue to turn in improved pricing numbers as the year progresses. And I think our folks are really doing a good job at focusing on the key drivers of cost. Now you also got to remember, we're still operating at 60-some -- a little north of 60% of our peak volumes, so we've got a lot of room to be able to optimize our operations and our cost as volumes continue to grow.
James Thomas Hill: I think that -- we do have some improvement in our existing operations. There's a little volume there and some margin expansion, but the big jump there is with our acquisitions and the swap and the asphalt operations that we acquired. I think if you look at it, the asphalt business, we're going to show a gross profit improvement of about $15 million, about $12.5 million of that is acquisitions, about $2.5 million of that is improved volume and unit margins on our existing businesses.
James Thomas Hill: It's still healthy. There's still a lot out there, Ted, but I think the important piece of that is discipline. We have to be disciplined about what we're going to buy. We're disciplined about what we pay for it. And then as important as anything, disciplined about how we integrate it. And as quickly as we can, bring it up to the Vulcan standards of profitability and unit margins. So while there's a lot out there, we'll just have to make sure we're disciplined. I think we're pleased with our '14 acquisitions. And I think so far, we're very pleased with the integration and looking forward to their adding to our profitability in 2015.
James Thomas Hill: I wish we had that problem, no. As I said earlier, we're still operating 60% than where we were at the peak. We've got a long ways to go before anywhere we consider capacity constraints.
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think we're looking at 2000 -- what we're really talking about is 2015. And the reason the visibility gets better is, you're starting to see -- your backlogs are solid, you have confidence of jobs in your -- of -- coming up and your contractors and your sales force. You feel the momentum, for -- like example, in residential, you're not building out subdivisions anymore. They're starting new subdivisions, which are much more aggregate-intensive. So you just get a feel for the confidence and you start to see the jobs that you have secured much larger and more numerous.
James Thomas Hill: I think based on the timing, that's spot on. That where the bill has to flow through, you have to get jobs ready, so I think you'd be looking at '16, '17.
James Thomas Hill: If I could predict the weather, I'd answer that question. The first quarter and the fourth quarter are always dicey. You just never know what's going to happen. What we were talking about in the presentation was, last year, our fourth quarter had great weather. It was really strong. So we were very pleased with the performance in this year's fourth quarter versus 2013. I don't know how to answer that except for, if you look at it, we just have to base it on normal weather patterns, which would mean the first and fourth quarters are always a little dicey.
James Thomas Hill: As far as confidence beyond '15 and our outlook there, what gives us confidence is we're so far below the structural demand of aggregates, even with our outlook in '15. And for our country to stay healthy and strong like it is, that structural demand has to continue to grow or get back to more normalized levels. So a lot of confidence there. It's also the momentum you just see out there in all segments of the market. And yes, as far as continuing to expand margins, we plan on, as I said earlier, continuing disciplined execution of price and our operating disciplines.
James Thomas Hill: I think there's a lot of that in true productivity improvements. As I said earlier, we're operating at 60% of our peak volumes, so you've got plants in some markets where we were having 2 crews run full plants, and there's just a lot of inefficiencies with that, along with a lot of fixed cost in these plants. We also need to go back and look at -- well, you can look at margin improvements, that mix, the slide that has the circles on it, it's a mix of price, of cost and then the blend of the products we're selling that give you the total -- the total maximized profitability of an operation where you make as much money as you can. And that's why we call it a local market, because just the plant manager and the salesman, they have to be there looking at their stockpiles, knowing what the market is going to have, where can they go with price, to put all that together to maximize profitability.
James Thomas Hill: I think you got to go back to the fact that -- and this is -- and I keep repeating myself, but it's so important that we're still operating at 60% of our peak volume. So you got so much productive capacity that you will reap the benefits from -- as volumes go up, as far as being efficient in those operations.
James Thomas Hill: Thank you. That's an insightful question. When you finish the year, outlook as an average of 6%, that will take some time to flow through. Normal cadence with that is to be a little lower in the first quarter and grow as the year goes along, and that's what we would expect.
James Thomas Hill: I'm not sure of that. We will push price in every market that we have and work on it hard. Normally, every market is different as far as timing and amount. Normal cycle with that is January/April in a lot of markets, but some you'll have midyear, and some you have in October. So it's really all over the place, but we'll work on it in every market that we're in.
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think what I was saying was that the pipeline has a lot of acquisitions in it, which we'll obviously have to be disciplined with. I don't know of any -- that I would be prepared to talk about any potential swaps out there. But again, we have to be picky about that. We have to be disciplined and be able to integrate them.
James Thomas Hill: Well, thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to speaking to you at our next call and many of you at our upcoming Investor Day. Have a good day.
John R. McPherson: And Keith, it's John. Also, keep in mind, we report freight-adjusted pricing, so the impact of diesel on shipping cost won't show up in our freight-adjusted pricing.
John R. McPherson: Right. So our biggest cost in our product is the stone, the assets, the quarries we own, and we price to earn a return on that. So minor fluctuations up and down in 7% of our cost isn't going to affect our pricing strategy.
John R. McPherson: Kathryn, I'd say, without acquisitions, we'd be sort of in the 173-ish range, roughly. And where we've done bolt-on acquisitions, there's a little bit of art to what volume comes from the acquired asset versus what comes from other quarries in the same market. But roughly speaking, I'd point you back to that 8% same-store growth rate.
John R. McPherson: I'm not going to specify. I don't think we're going to specify any of that. That's really a board decision. But I think we'd be open to -- and have in the past as a company, deployed several mechanisms. So we'll have to think about that, keeping the cycle in mind. But I think we're committed to accelerating that return of capital over time.
John R. McPherson: So Trey, one thing I'd -- just to point out on all of that is, our funding environment in our states, in our markets is not flat. When you look at the TIFIA projects, when you look at the rises in state and local funding, when you look at the rises in deployment of that funding to projects, our markets have funding increases consistent with our 3% to 5% outlook for our markets.
John R. McPherson: Well, I think we expect to see, I'd say, 2 things. We'd expect to see our incremental margin on incremental revenue, freight-adjusted revenue in our aggregate segment to remain consistent with past trend for the next year. And along with that, I think you'd see similar increases in unit profitability. I come back to the point about earning a return on capital over time. We have quite a long ways to go in terms of margin performance to tie it back to the kind of returns on capital we'd like to see. So not only do we have room in '15, I think we have room for a very long time. You can go -- on a gross profit basis next year, I think if you work through the math, I think north of $4 on a trailing 12-month basis is sort of within our sights. And that's on a gross profit basis. On a cash basis, you could see north of $5.25. Keep in mind that our current levels of profitability, as Tom mentioned, on a unit basis are higher than they've been at the past while we're still operating at a little more than half the volumes we produced in the past. And with the kind of pricing we see in front of us, with the leverage of fixed cost we see in front of us, we're very focused on improving those numbers.
John R. McPherson: Hey, Bob, as another reminder, Tom always points this out. But despite the good growth numbers over the last 6 quarters, we're nowhere near normal levels of demand or construction activity in the vast majority of our markets, nowhere near. So we both have a little bit better visibility. We've got good momentum, as you've seen in the last 6 quarters and the fourth quarter. But part of our confidence, as a reminder to folks, is we're still getting volume growth just out of recovery from a deep trough in demand. It's not predicated upon dramatic overall economic growth in the U.S. It's recovery of construction activity to things that begin to look like sustainable levels.
John R. McPherson: Hey, Garik, it's John. We don't -- there's only really one area in cost where I think we see a major trend that we're wrestling with, the guys wrestling with that jumps out. It's not a direct offset to diesel per se, but repair cost remain an ongoing challenge for us, not a major thing. That's something we're working on that ties to our CapEx focus over time, but we don't see major increases, I'm calling it inflationary increases at the moment. And keep in mind, we own our major input so...
John R. McPherson: Let me start with where we are and then a couple of comments on the cycle. We'll probably touch on this topic more later. First, we're very comfortable with our current leverage ratio -- current amount of leverage. I think what we'd highlight is, we've taken a number of actions over the years to get ourselves in a position where we can, a little bit, do all of the above. So we can reinvest in our business as we need to, in our plant and equipment, in our asset base. We can achieve and maintain an investment-grade credit rating, which matters to us, so we have access to capital at all points of the cycle, to your question on the cycle; so that we can accelerate the return of capital to shareholders, whether that's through dividend or other mechanisms over time. So I expect you to see us have more of our cash flow each year go back to shareholders as part of the mix. And so we can still pursue prudent acquisitions and have a strong return, like you've seen us do in the last year. I think we've got ourselves in a spot, to your point on dry powder, that so long as we're prudent and cognizant of the cycle, we can do all of those things. In terms of how we think about it through the cycle, let me just say now, we're still closer to the trough of the cycle than anything that's normal. We think we've got several years of growth and margin expansion in front of us. And as we -- if we deliver a year, like you said Ted, per your model or your expectations, we're going to have a lot of options. And I think the good news is that we're going to have a lot of options. And we've worked hard to be in that position, but I think we'll have more options than, if you will, we'll have trade-offs. I think we'll be able to do, again, the right mix of all of the above.
John R. McPherson: I'd say roughly $160 million, but I think you should expect us to continue as a company to take a hard look at our debt portfolio and its coupon cost and its duration and those kind of things, back to Ted's questions about some of the options we have in front of us. But if you're modeling, I think about $160 million roughly of interest expense, I think, and -- which is roughly consistent with last year. Part of our debt paydown last year was a use of proceeds from the divestiture of Argos. We're now in a position where, as I said, we're very comfortable with our current level of debt and our credit standing.
John R. McPherson: It's John, real quick. This is not quite an answer to your question directly, but it may be a related point, which I think there's historically been a tendency as you all model quarterly results to, if you will, over-model the first quarter. And just -- I'd just remind you that first quarter results, given typically low volumes and erratic weather, can be a little more unpredictable, whether that's a question on price or cost. So I would say that people often fail to understand some of the volatility that's inherent in our first quarter.
John R. McPherson: No, we fully intend to leverage that number in '16 and beyond. And Tom would say exactly the same thing. And when we took a bunch of actions to reduce our SAG cost, we worked hard to do it in a way where it can be leveraged going forward, including systems investments and other things we've done. So that is our intent and focus.
John R. McPherson: That doesn't mean the number won't go up some. But -- obviously, if our volumes grow like we think they will, but as a percent of sales, it should decline significantly over time.
John R. McPherson: Todd, one of the focal points of our Investor Day will also be -- maybe to your question -- what's the earnings power of our business at normal demand and what are we planning to do to get there as a management team. So not to put off your question, but we will dig into it deeper when we -- in that setting.
John R. McPherson: I think, Todd, the official answer. One, I can't give you an answer on Investor Day early. Our guidance is our guidance.
John R. McPherson: So I think your question within that, I think I'll just refer you back to some of our comments. We haven't tried to bake all the potential benefits of lower diesel prices into our estimates because we don't know what diesel prices are going to be. So that could -- for this year, that can swing a bit, obviously, in our production cost, as it did in the fourth quarter. So that's an example, but I think you could go through a lot of things and have an example. But that's one that's kind of outside our control, if you will, that we would think about. And again, for that reason, we didn't try and bake in some assumption that we can't control into our models.
John R. McPherson: Just to clarify, by the way, I don't think we said that we think we'll reach normal volumes in 3 years. So we've got a good long ways to go, but we haven't given a prediction about that timing.
John R. McPherson: Mike, I'll take a first shot at those. First on SAG, and I'll just give you a rundown of some of the kind of things we saw in the fourth quarter. A lot of it is business development-related, more than a couple of million dollars. We had some incentive comp that was really tied to our Florida divestiture and a gain on that sale as part of our system. So that's kind of a onetime event. We had a significant land donation, another $1.5 million roughly, which ends up as an SAG cost and then down as a gain on sale of land, so it negatively affects the EBITDA. We had other costs associated with the acquisitions we made. So a lot of the things that drove SAG were not repeating themselves. Yes, the core incentive comp, we'll keep an eye on as part of the overall business mix. But much of the factors driving the $8 million variance in Q4 and really the variance for the full year had to do with one-off or nonrecurring items. On your question about assets held for sale, I believe the answer, if you're looking at the same part of the balance sheet I am, is that those were held for -- that was the CEMEX swap. And that we knew we were working on that transaction, expected to conclude it. We concluded it in January. So at the time of the balance sheet, we were holding those assets for sale. Rough fair value associated with the asset swap for both sides was about $20 million, just to give you a sense of the size of the transaction, no cash involved.
John R. McPherson: Let me underscore, as we think about capital allocation discipline, it's not all about acquisitions, it's also sometimes about divestitures and swaps. And I think it's an important thing for the industry to stay focused on.
