Danny R. Shepherd: Thank you, John. Well, as John noted, we are very pleased with our progress over the last 2 months, and the organization is fully committed and engaged in the Profit Enhancement Program. We remain very optimistic that we will achieve our goals. Now if you turn to Slide 7, during the quarter, we also continued to execute on our Planned Asset Sales initiative, which was also announced in February. As previously disclosed, we'll be selling operations that are not core to our strategy. These are quality assets, many of which will have significant value to a number of potential purchasers. Thus far, we've been pleased with the level of interest and activity surrounding the process. The divested assets will include ready-mixed Concrete and Cement operations, nonstrategic Aggregates assets and real estate. This initiative is in line with our strategy to focus our capital on higher return, higher growth Aggregates positions, optimize our exposure to downstream businesses and unlock value of real estate from our portfolio. We have completed similar transactions in the past in states like Virginia, Indiana, New Mexico, Arizona and others. We are focused on optimizing value as a disciplined seller, and we continue to expect this initiative will generate net proceeds of approximately $500 million by mid-2013. Importantly, these actions will enhance our longer-term earnings growth profile, margins and return on capital employed as demand for our products improves with the economic recovery. Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Don.
Danny R. Shepherd: I think the way I would answer your question, Ted, is some of it would be one-off transactions, but we do have a combination of ready-mixed assets or assets that could be sold in a single transaction. I will add that we are encouraged or we're early in the process, but the interest that we're receiving from interested parties has been very, very encouraging, and hopefully, we'll have something positive to report in the near future.
Danny R. Shepherd: Yes. Actually, our sales volumes were up, Mike. But at the same time, we had a good quarter from a cost point of view. And we anticipate our Cement business this year showing improvement, a slight improvement.
Danny R. Shepherd: It was down partially in the first quarter of last year. This year, we didn't have an outage. But we believe our kilns are well maintained and we’re pleased that we didn't have to take an outage in the first quarter.
Donald M. James: Ted, I think if you look at the year-over-year change in highway contract awards from the stimulus funding, that accounts for virtually all or maybe more than all of the difference year-over-year. Those stimulus projects are still largely under construction, but the contract awards coming from stimulus money have virtually come to a halt. Because that -- the contract award part had deadlines, but as you know, there are still many, many stimulus projects under construction.
Donald M. James: Absolutely. I think the DOTs are not willing to award new contracts till they see some more certainty in the Federal Highway Program. We work very closely with the Association of State Highway Transportation Officials and they are, as I indicated, lobbying as hard as we are to convince their congressmen and senators from all of their states that we need to quit quibbling and get something in place that will allow the state DOTs to move forward with the backlog of projects.
Donald M. James: I haven't seen any April contract award data yet, so I really can't comment on that. Pricing, our guidance for pricing for the full year is up 1% to 3%. That's down a notch from our guidance beginning earlier in the year. And that's really because of 2 or 3 big large projects where we sold some, essentially, by-product or fill product at relatively low prices to some large construction projects, particularly in Virginia. So it's really on that basis that we ratcheted down our pricing assumption for the full year. But as I said, there is stability in pricing in the sense that we don't have wide swings from -- and price changes from market to market. And we're optimistic that we'll be able to report price improvement as the year moves forward.
Donald M. James: I think this is -- the contract awards indicate that private sector construction is well on its way to recovery, office buildings and other large private construction. These sales in Virginia were to large, private construction projects, manufacturing facilities, distribution facilities. But the kind of material we sold in the first quarter is really sort of a one-off. That's not a routine part of our business. We'll, in the course of production, put finds aside and then a big project will come along and take several hundred thousand tons for one project. And that's what happened in the first quarter. I don't see that being a continuing trend, if I'm understanding your question.
Donald M. James: Well, it's just a very low-priced product. I mean, it's a fraction of our average selling price. That's why I pulled the reported freight-adjusted selling price down to minus 1%. Absent that, we were flat. We certainly believe we'll have opportunities through the year in our normal product mix, normal geographic mix, that we'll see pricing improvement as the year moves on.
Donald M. James: Well, certainly, higher diesel costs support higher Aggregate pricing for at least 2 reasons. One is it increases production costs in the plants, and secondly, it increases delivery cost, which shrinks the shipping radius, and therefore, gives an individual quarry typically more pricing power. The -- our full year -- the big increase in diesel cost occurred second half of last year. And as I -- as we indicated, we think diesel cost increases for full year 2012 will be in the 5% to 10% range, which will be substantially lower increase than we saw last year. But nevertheless, they're still up. Most of our cost elements are down. Our labor productivity is better. Our energy, our electricity consumption and energy conversion is better. So we're doing -- our guys in the plants are doing a super job on cost management and cost control. The one place we have higher cost is in diesel fuel. I believe it was up 11% in the quarter over last year's first quarter. But we're offsetting that with other productivities. So if we get some moderation in diesel fuel cost, it will certainly help us as the year moves forward.
Donald M. James: Well, as you know, the Senate, the Senate EPW Committee reported its bill out 18 to 0, all Democrats, all Republicans fully aligned. It had offsets from other spending cuts of $12 billion plus or minus, which funded, in addition to the regular Highway Trust Fund and the receipts in the Highway Trust Fund, it fully funded the Senate bill through the end of FY '13. The House bill, really wasn't a bill. It was something that was passed by leadership in order to get to a conference committee. There is no funding mechanism per se in the House side. The -- I think as we read the tea leaves, you have a lot of Democrats, in both the House and the Senate, willing to support the Senate bill. You've got Senate Republicans, by and large, supporting the Senate bill, and you have a substantial portion of House Republicans, including all the leadership who, I think, will coalesce around the Senate bill. The problem, of course, are the same group that's opposed to a lot of other things in the House. But our view is that the leadership in both House and the Senate is committed to getting this thing passed so it is not an issue in the election. And in order to do that, they need to do it by June 30. And they seem to be fully committed to doing that. You've got the Keystone Pipeline in the House bill that's not in the Senate bill. We don't know where that goes, but that's really not relevant, of course, to highway funding, at least directly. So we're probably more optimistic today than we've been in several years that something is about to happen with respect to a formal highway bill, albeit, probably only through the end of FY '13 at this point.
Donald M. James: That is a -- that's the sale of a parcel of the California real estate. We have another parcel of California real estate for about $23 million in gain, which accounts for the $29 million that's in the $500 million of EBITDA for the year. But those are outside the Planned Assets Sales group because those things were well underway last year.
Donald M. James: Well, I think the way many state and local governments, but particularly states, are now funding really critical highway needs are through bond issues. California, obviously, has been doing that for several years now. And as I indicated, our volumes for going into highway construction in California have been strong for several consecutive quarters. As you go state-by-state, I think we are seeing states, in many cases, not all, but in many cases, stepping up to address the lack of certainty in federal funding, and they are doing that through municipal bond issues. As you know, 100% of the proceeds of bond issues have to go to capital projects. They can't be used for operating. So it's virtually all construction. Every dollar from bond issues goes into some form of capital project, the vast majority of that being construction, whether it's highways or water and sewer or transit or public buildings. But that's a very positive sign. Whether -- and I -- you probably see the Rockefeller numbers, but state and local tax receipts, I think, are now back to where they were at the peak of the last cycle, which is helping. That’s certainly -- not every state and local government is that way, but on balance, on average, that's improving. And I think we'll probably see a slightly larger proportion of highway work being funded by state and local sources than we have seen over the last 3 or 4 years.
Donald M. James: Yes. I think on balance, a driver for many states is that they have needs. And there's not enough money coming out of the federal program to meet those needs, and the states are coming up with their own funding mechanisms, and it's all over the board to try to address the infrastructure needs in those locations, particularly highway congestion and poor highway conditions.
Donald M. James: Well, our Asphalt business in California has continued to grow. It hasn't grown as fast as our Aggregates business, but certainly, it has been growing over time. But the big, as you point out, the big jump in demand has been in Aggregates and -- but a corresponding growth in Asphalt. We have a very good Asphalt business in California. I don't -- we're not projecting a large growth in volume in California this year, but we certainly believe that we will improve our material margins there as our pricing for asphalt mix begins to catch up with the higher costs of liquid asphalt that we have incurred over the past 9 months or so.
Donald M. James: I think the $40 million -- yes, if you take the $46 million and add back the $6 million real estate gain, that's in the $500 million.
Donald M. James: Well, we, certainly, as we are bidding work and as we have bid work over the last quarter or 2, are certainly taking into account the much higher cost of liquid asphalt. So I think the basic answer to your question is yes, those price increases are in place. Obviously, a lot of asphalt is actually shipped months after it is bid and quoted just because of the sequencing and the duration of large highway projects. But we are, as you know, and Trey, you've followed us for a long time, our material margins in Asphalt tend to shrink as liquid asphalt prices move up. And then as they turn down, our margin, material margins, tend to grow because there's a lag in -- we're paying essentially spot prices for liquid asphalt and we are contracting, in advance, prices for asphalt mix.
Donald M. James: Well, I think if you look at our full year guidance for our Asphalt business, it's probably -- it just probably takes all that into account, the ebbs and flows of liquid asphalt versus our settling price.
Donald M. James: Well, let me answer it this way. The first quarter is so much more weather sensitive than Q2 and Q3, and to some extent, more weather sensitive than Q4. We can't quantify what the -- how many tons were sold in the first quarter because of good weather. I mean that's -- we just -- that's really impossible for us to do. We know there was a weather effect. The second fact is that the number of tons in the first quarter is substantially less than the number of tons sold in Q2 and Q3. So a lot fewer tons can account for a 10% bump, whereas when you go in Q2 and Q3, you can have the same earnings impact on a much lower percentage increase in shipments, if you're following where I'm trying to go.
Donald M. James: And so our full year guidance is 2% to 4% increase in Aggregates shipments, including the 10% we got in the first quarter. But the earnings effect is -- since the tonnage is so much higher in Q2 and Q3, and the leverage we get from even a 2% to 4% volume gain is very significant for us. As you saw, literally, almost 100% of our revenue increase flowed through in gross profit. That's a combination of a lot of things, but we have a lot of leverage to volume and we're looking forward to enjoying that as the year moves forward.
Donald M. James: Well, I think our pricing in Virginia was down. It was in the top 1 or 2 markets in the average selling price being lower, and that was all driven by those sales of what I'll call non-spec product. I think there are 2 points, Trey. One is that the range of increase and decrease is narrowing, meaning there's more stability in pricing, both up and down, across most of our markets, which, on balance, at this point in the cycle, we think is a good thing. Clearly, if we -- if you factor out Virginia and get to neutral, we had as much downside in pricing across some markets as we had in upside. But we think coming out of the first quarter, for us to get to the full year 1 to 3 price improvement, we're going to see price improvement across many of our markets, the majority of our markets. But still, it's an ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter, really month-to-month, on what is shipped. And there are thousands of individual pricing decisions that are made every quarter. We're confident that pricing, overall, will move up instead of down. But there's still -- we need some additional volume growth before we start seeing a significant real price growth. And hopefully, that's coming with improved private sector construction as we look at these contract awards.
Donald M. James: It is in the operating leverage of our business. That is being able to run our plants at higher volumes really has a significant impact on our productivity, labor productivity, energy productivity. Obviously, selling prices didn't have a positive effect on Aggregates earnings, but costs and so much of cost is tied to volume. I think the volume increase was the real driver for our improved -- and the flow-through of revenue to gross profit.
Donald M. James: Kathryn, I don't think we have good metrics on that. It is -- we do believe there was a weather effect in the fourth quarter last year and the first quarter this year. I don't think -- it's too early to say whether it's going to have a chilling effect on second quarter volume at this point. We don't think so because we think the underlying demand is improving, particularly in the private sector. And that's really the reason that volumes are moving up.
Donald M. James: The EBITDA contribution from asset sales would vary greatly depending upon what we sell. And so for -- and as Danny Shepherd and others have talked about previously, we have a large portfolio of assets that we would be willing to sell. We are really looking for the right buyer at the right price. You saw that our ready-mixed business in the quarter, I think, operated at a $12 million loss. So if we sell ready-mixed assets, we could get a double pickup on EBITDA. That is by avoiding loss, as well as if we have a gain on sale. So it's too early for us to give you predictions as to that, but we will certainly give you, as transactions close, we will give you the specifics of the EBITDA and EPS impact of those transactions, as we do with our routine real estate transactions.
Donald M. James: I think most of it is highways. But our volumes in California are up substantially and have been for the last year or so, and it's largely highways.
Donald M. James: To the extent we sell ready-mixed assets, it could reduce the revenue from large states. If, for example, we sold some Concrete assets in California, since Concrete sells for a much higher unit price than Aggregates, yes, it could change the revenue. But that's really not important as to our market presence and our market penetration. We would continue to sell Aggregates to Concrete if we sold the Concrete. And our profitability per dollar revenue would be enhanced, if that gets to your question.
Donald M. James: Well, thank you very much for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan. As I indicated, we look forward to updating you with our progress in our earnings improvement as we go forward, and particularly, to updating you with respect to our Profit Enhancement Plan, as well as our Planned Asset Sales as we move forward through the course of the year. Thank you so much and have a good day.
Daniel Sansone: Garik, the biggest piece of that is the cash payment we received on the earn-out from the sale of our chemicals business. That was about $12 million or $13 million that came in the first quarter. Under the accounting rules, the payment of that earn-out gets categorized on the cash flow statement as cash proceeds from the sale of the business even though we actually sold the business in 2005. We have one more year under that earn-out, so there should hopefully be a payment in the first quarter of 2013, then that will go way.
Daniel Sansone: Mike, this is Dan. No, that -- the level of that was consistent with prior periods. That has not been -- that was not an issue for us as volumes were declining because we managed our inventories and production rates down accordingly, and we do not expect that to be a distortive impact on the uptick either.
Daniel Sansone: Kathryn, let me try to just provide a little more color on that. If you look at our variable costs of production in the quarter, they declined as compared -- on a unit basis as compared to our variable costs of production in the first quarter of last year. And as Don mentioned, that was predominantly labor efficiency offsetting diesel fuel. Our cash period costs, and period costs in our way of -- in our terminology is your fixed costs. Those -- the spending at the cash period costs level was flat year-over-year, so we've got 10% additional volume. So that same level of cash spending is being spread over more tons. And if you look at the supplemental schedules, you'll see that our depreciation expense in the various business segments is declining as well. So the dollars of non-cash fixed expense are being -- are not only declining, but being spread over a larger amount of tons. I should also point out that in the quarter, we also reduced our units of Aggregates inventory as well by several million tons. So we got this level of operating leverage on a level of production that was less, that increased less than the increase in the level of sales. So again, I think it's a further illustration of both the disciplined working capital management by our operating guys and the inherent profitability of this business as it comes into recovery.
Daniel Sansone: It would be across the board. It would represent the full array of product mix in kind of normal production splits. No single category jumped out.
