Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom and good morning. Our strong operational and strategic execution in 2023 set us up well to continue our long track record of growth through disciplined capital allocation and consistent execution. Over the last 10 years, we increased our revenues at an annual growth rate of 11%; grew our adjusted EBITDA at an annual growth rate of 16% percent; strengthened our free cash flow generation at an annual growth rate of 23%; and improved our return on invested capital by 1000 basis points. During 2023, we generated $1.5 billion of operating cash flows and received proceeds of over $700 million for the sales of non-core businesses and real estate. Having followed our long-standing capital allocation priorities of reinvesting in our franchise, investing in attractive growth opportunity and returning cash to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases, we ended the year with over $900 million dollars of cash on hand and net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage of 1.5 times.  Our balance sheet is a source of strength and provides us considerable financial flexibility to continue to grow. We will remain disciplined in optimizing our overall portfolio of assets. As evidenced by the fourth quarter disposition of our Texas Concrete business and sale of excess real estate in Northern Virginia. Our return on invested capital improved by 280 basis points over the last 12 months and we are focused on continued improvement. We also remain focused on continuing to drive value for the business through disciplined investments and SAG expenses that support our organic growth initiatives and innovation through technology. SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue remained at 7% in 2023.  Overall, we expanded our adjusted EBITDA margin by 360 basis points and project further expansion in 2024. Let me provide a few additional details around the 2024 guidance to supplement the demand, pricing, and Aggregates unit profitability outlook Tom highlighted earlier. We expect our downstream businesses to contribute approximately $275 million in cash gross profit reflective of asphalt earnings consistent with 2023 contributing approximately 70% of the total and concrete earnings adjusted for the divestiture of our Texas Concrete assets contributing approximately 30% to total.  We expect SAG expenses between $550 million and $560 million, a modest low single-digit increase year-over-year. We project depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expenses of approximately $610 million, interest expense of approximately $155 million and an effective tax rate between 22% and 23%.  In 2024, we plan to reinvest in our franchise through operating and maintenance and internal growth capital expenditures of between $625 million and 675 million. We expect another year of attractive growth in adjusted EBITDA and strong cash generation in 2024, despite a shift in construction demand environment.  We forecast adjusted EBITDA of between $2.15 billion and $2.3 billion for the full year. At the midpoint, this represent an 11% percent organic improvement over 2023.  I'll now turn the call back over to Tom to provide a few closing remarks. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah, Catherine, I'll give you a couple of other things to think about regarding Q1 volume that may be helpful context. Last February was seasonally adjusted the strongest single month of shipments we had in 2023 and the strongest February in at least the last 10 years and also this year, simply given the way the calendar falls we will have approximately 10% fewer shipping days in March, which clearly we all know is the most important month of the quarter. Now the good news there is that's just timing what we take those days back up in April, but from a Q1 perspective, it will be impactful. So, overall volumes will be challenged in the first quarter. Pricing will be strong and it should fall within our guidance range. And I would expect that paired with the probable volume impacts to cause I'd expect maybe mid-to-high-single-digit growth and cash gross profit per ton in the first quarter still with the very attractive mid-teens improvement for the full year. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah, and just in terms of ready mix, Keith, just maybe a couple things helpful to think about the impacts of the divestiture. Our expectations in 2024 for a modest decline and same-store volumes, which were about 4 million cubic yards in 2023. And we expect kind of consistent gross margin performance. I think in longer-term about that. I think that there are low-single – I mean our low-double-digit expectations are still what we're pushing for, that's going to take time and better volumes to get there. But one thing about 2024, where we expect relatively flat gross margins with the weight of the non-cash fixed cost on the volume challenges that Tom mentioned really driven by private non-res. We do expect to see some expansion in cash gross profit margins, and also in per unit profitability given the markets where we've retained our concrete businesses. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah. Sure. I mean, as you referenced, I think we're really well positioned to be able to fund all of our capital allocation priorities in 2024. And as it relates to returning cash to shareholders, doing that via repurchases has long been a part of our capital allocation priorities. I think appropriately following reinvesting in the business, growing the business through both M&A and Greenfields and returning cash, through our sustainable dividends. But with the attractive cash generation and you saw what deferred M&A in 2023, We did repurchase $200 million of shares. And we would enter 2024 thinking about making those capital allocation decisions in the same kind of disciplined manner. And in terms of ,leverage I think for us regardless of where we are, and the - against kind of our target leverage range, what's important is being disciplined about doing the right deals and the deals that are going to have attractive returns for us. And we certainly have overtime levered up even outside the top end of that range with plans to always quickly get back within that two to two-and-a-half times that that we tend to target. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah, and in terms of ready mix, we completed the divestiture of the Texas Concrete in mid-November and had disclosed that was about 4 million cubic yards annually. So that that puts us in 2023 at about 4 million cubic yards on a same-store basis. We would expect those volumes to decline modestly and our 2024 outlook of the those cash gross profit dollars being 30% of that 275 kind of as I said consistent from a gross margin percentage standpoint with 2023 that, expansion from a cash gross profit percentage standpoint and not business where we're focused on continuing to improve that margin performance over time for the retained assets that we have which we believe are very attractive and well-structured ready mix markets.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. Vulcan’s culture and people are fundamental to our Success. Our employees work tirelessly each day to deliver value to our customers, our communities and shareholders and their meaningful contributions were highlighted with three unsolicited recognitions last year. Vulcan Materials was named one of the top 200 best companies to work for by US News and World Report.  One of America's Most Responsible Companies in 2024 by Newsweek and was included in the American Opportunity Index, which measures how well large companies invest in the human talent to drive business performance and individual employee growth.  I'm excited about what Vulcan Materials will achieve in 2024. We will remain focused on keeping our people safe, growing our business, capitalizing on our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating Disciplines and continue to deliver value to our shoulders.  Now Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Stanley. You saw it you saw the cost and the fourth quarter was up 7% and that's down from what we've been seeing is low-double-digit in prior quarters. I think it was like the third quarter where it start to come down. So what we're seeing is the impact of inflation started to dampen. As we said, we thought we'd see this year in mid-single-digit range.  That said, I would expect this to go this way that cost is going to be highest year-over-year in Q1 and then tail off as we march through the year. That's due to two reasons. One using inflationary pressures, but two you're starting to see improving operating efficiencies from the Vulcan Way of Operation. So you couple of that together, I think we're starting to catch up on the kind of runaway costs we've seen for a couple of years and we will I think we'll see improvement as we as we go through the year.
Tom Hill: Yeah, I'll take the mid-year first. Well, there's not much in there for me mega price increases. Now we will or have announced mid-year price increases and started those conversations in April. So I'm not saying there's no - it's not in the plan, but we'll have – we’ll, for sure have the conversations very little up to the plan. On volume, as we talked about in November, we're predicting a modest decline in demand for ‘24. We see strength on the public side and kind of a mix bag of strengths and weaknesses on the private side and I'll go through those. Highways, steady growth wins race and we will continue to see that ramp up and we feel good about it. Lots of funding there and start to be put to work. Non-highway infrastructure will see solid growth and non-res most sectors I think will be challenged that the traditional non-res warehouses distribution. And as we talked about that's partially offset in our footprint with the large industrial projects and I think we have some 10 of those and we can we talk about that later. But they're meaningful. While single-family, what we saw was challenged in ‘23, it'll be a strength for us in ‘24. It's back into growth mode and recovering rapidly. At the same time I think multifamily, as everybody knows will be challenged. So, as we said we call volumes flat to negative 4 now, January February where as everybody knows where both are either a freeze out or washout or both. So, we're seeing a slow start that being said it's still on January February. So, I think we feel very good about full year guidance. So, probably a modest decline in volumes for ’24. That said we should still see healthy double-digit earnings growth. 
Tom Hill: Sure. Well, I think if I have to go back and look at it, ours is a three pronged strategy to growth and it's very effective and has provided us with double-digit revenues and EBITDA for the last three years and will again in 2024. Those three are number one, organic growth in what we are selling what we are operating which you see us do. And, we've been very consistent we were able to grow unit margins for consistently for five years. Second is as you talked about is M&A. I think M&A while it was pretty quiet in ‘23 with a lot of unknowns out there. I think you'll be very busy in 2024. And we expect us to bring some deals to the finish line. And then I would supplementing that M&A is Greenfield growth, which is picking up that we have a handful of those projects beginning this year. It will take a little bit of time to get through that and we'll get a little closer to it. We'll talk about some of those, but I feel really good about growth strategy and M&A I think would be a much bigger part of it in ‘24 than what we saw in ‘23. 
Tom Hill: Well, I think what you're seeing is as I said early two things you are moderating inflationary pressures of the comparisons get a lot easier and I think we'll continue to see that. But also if you look at our operating parameters and you remember we put the automation and the insights of the technology including the top-100 plants over last year, you start to see those things go to work which helps us with throughput and throughput of critical sizes.  So, I think that as we march through 2024, I think our costs should improve sequentially as we go through the quarter now, we will whether it can have a hiccup on that or one two big outages can have a hit on that. But it’s overall, I would expect our cost to continue to improve over the next four, five quarters.
Tom Hill: Well, as I said, I think we're in a very, very good place from a pricing perspective based on the fundamentals that we're seeing and also the Vulcan Way of Selling those tools help us dramatically and did work. I think that we went we went early as we have and I think that will continue to January 1 which helps obviously helps. We think we were appropriate on our January 1 prices. We announced mid-years in a few markets already. I think over the next probably the next beginning - end of the quarter we will probably announce it mid years for the other markets, and obviously you spend April, May and June having those conversations, so that you're ready for July/August for mid-year price increase. So I think that what those - the fact that it's all in January and the fact that everybody expects to have conversations about mid-year price increases, I think is very important for our markets.
Tom Hill: No, I think I think the pricing will be pretty consistent through the year in that 10 to 12 range. I don’t see a big changes in that. Now you also got is - in the third quarter you got to see what happens with mid years. And we'll have that conversation after we get past July 1. I’ll give you a lot more clarity because we’ll just have a clear picture of it. And every market is going to be different that in their ways are. But I would call it pretty consistent low-double-digit pricing throughout the year. 
Tom Hill: I will tell you that my philosophy is all demand growth are good things I don’t see it where it comes from I like it. But the pricing between public and private, there's really not a big difference there. I think that the one thing I would call out, the good thing about public demand is it's very visible and it's for sure. I mean, on the private side people could hold projects or delay them, but you know public growth is going to go to work. It's not a matter if it to twin and so that visibility to growing demand on the public side is really good for pricing. But a ton of concrete rock for public or private is probably the same number. The difference is the public people know it's there. They know it’s coming and they can take a risk on value and price. 
Tom Hill: I would look at the M&A is more traditional bolt-on I think would show which is very much in our footprint. So it has highest returns and deal sizes everything from small and mid-range. Maybe a little better - big some a little bigger than mid-range, but I think that as far as the timing is concerned I think ‘23 was abnormally, I guess, quiet and it was because there was so much insecurity about what we're going to fall off the cliff is there going to be a recession and so when you have all those unknowns, people tend to slow down both buyers and sellers and I think the fact you got that behind you, you'll see some catch up in 2024.
Tom Hill: Well, I think, if you look at our assets, we look at our business as collection of assets. And if there were something more to someone besides us and it's not strategic then, we got be another owner and we will take that money and put it back in the aggregates business. And so, this is no different than what you've seen us do. And we exit businesses at times and we exit different product lines at times. And so, this will make sense strategically for us to sell the Texas Ready mix business.
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think the asphalt performance in a 13% gross margin was a really good performance. Now, if you look back about three years ago, everybody was to ask me why I don't you sell that asphalt business and now everybody wants to buy more. So, that's just the asphalt business, but 13-ish percent is a good number. So it's performing well. We see flat at very high levels for 2024 and I would call that hot mix prices offsetting increasing liquid cost and increasing aggregate cost.  So Asphalt is in a very good place and we like our story there. And I think that those teams are performing well. Ready mix, I'd call it virtually flat with the private side challenge - some challenged markets do know that affects the ready mix business, but it's not a bad performance based on some of the private challenge we had. But remember ready mix is 2% of EBITDA. So, I think under the circumstances both businesses do advance. 
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think what you're seeing there is the Vulcan Way of Operating inefficiencies in those plants. And that's embedded in that is technology. It is training which is so important from a safety side but also from a plant availability and inspection of equipment. And then our throughputs – you are seeing our throughputs of crooks sizes start to improve. So it's a combination of easing inflationary pressures, comps kind of level out, but also those operating efficiencies are really, really important to making sure that we our job is to beat inflation, not just live with it. 
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think, they're still challenged but there you go because they got so much money. It's a lot for them to digest but they are growing into it. And as I said, we'll see solid growth in highways in ‘24. We saw low-single-digits in ’23. We’d expect mid-single-digit in ‘24 kind of as expected. But also we got to remember that IJ passed in November of ’21. So we're just past that two year mark and while I say it takes two years. As we've said, it will be a ramp up not a step change in this. I think it will be a ramp up over time and I think that the DOTs are growing into their capital – added resources and the revenues continue to be healthy. There is a lot of money out there, but I would – what I would see here I think is kind of slow and steady wins the race and we'll see improving growth in ‘24 kind of mid-single-digit. I think that will go up in ’25. Again I think that demand will go from ‘26 and I was thinking to go from ’27. So, that slow and steady improvement in public isn't bad particularly when you're compounding unit margins like we are.  As far as CALTRANS, I think they'll be fine. There's always some rumblings numerous times in CALTRANS and funding and people try to grab it. But remember, it is firewall. It has to be used for infrastructure. 
Tom Hill: I'll take that one, first and then I’ll let Mary Andrews take the ready mix. I think it’s been fairly weak for us. Obviously opposite has been weak, but last year the right size was pretty weak. So kind of more of the same on that still challenged by interest rates. And Mike, I would tell you that my view of that is that the more traditional ex office building, more traditional like non-residential construction usually follows creation of subdivisions. And so we're back in growth mode, subdivision. So I would expect us some time, maybe ‘25 middle of ‘25 that starts to impact that sector of the light risk. So it probably has a brighter future than what we've seen in ‘23 and ’24. But it was kind of when I try to describe ‘24 is more of the same for ‘23. 
Tom Hill: Thank you for your time this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. We look forward to talk to you throughout the quarter. Please keep yourselves and your family safe. Thank you. 
