Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. In the first quarter, our adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 140 basis points with solid operational execution and disciplined SAG cost management. Our SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue improved by 60 basis points in the quarter and moved below 7% on a trailing 12-month basis. We remain focused on continuing to leverage our SAG cost base while making strategic investments in talent and technology to support our business needs. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.2x at quarter end squarely within our stated target range of 2x to 2.5x. Our investment grade balance sheet gives us flexibility and optionality to continue investing in both organic and inorganic opportunity. During the quarter, we invested $113 million in capital expenditures and continue to expect to spend between $600 million and $650 million for the full-year. As we allocate capital, we are focused on improving our return on invested capital. On a trailing 12-month basis, our return on invested capital improved sequentially by 20 basis points from year-end to 13.7%. Tom shared with you our increased adjusted EBITDA outlook for 2023. On the heels of a strong 2022 in which adjusted EBITDA improved by 12%, we now expect to exceed that growth in 2023 with 14% to 20% improvement. Based on the success of our Aggregates pricing efforts in the first quarter, which yielded 10% sequential improvement and 19% mix adjusted year-over-year improvement, we now expect prices to improve approximately 15% for the full-year. Coupling the strong pricing momentum with our industry-leading operational execution, we expect to deliver even stronger year-over-year improvement in cash gross profit per ton than our original guidance. All other aspects of the full-year guidance we communicated in February remain unchanged. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Trey, one other thing on that note, on the margin side, we were pleased to for Aggregates gross margin to expand 170 basis points in the first quarter after being compressed each quarter year-over-year last year. As we took those rapidly rising costs through the P&L and our pricing efforts in 2022 that Tom talked about and has begun now into 2023, returned us to gross margin growth. And we would expect the year-over-year improvement to continue to accelerate as the year progresses.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Jerry, in terms of margins, yes, I think that the typical sequential improvement is what you should expect. And as I said on a year-over-year basis, we'll see significant acceleration quarter-to-quarter as we progress off that 170 basis points from the first quarter.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Mike, just on the gross profit per ton and cash gross profit per ton improvement from the beginning, we thought that'd be much more consistent this year. And so that 23% you saw in the first quarter and the low-20s for the rest is a good assumption.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. So we were pleased with our free cash flow. It's obviously very cash generative business over the trailing 12 months, our free cash flow conversion has stayed over 90%, so we are pleased with that result. And we'll be -- take our consistent disciplined approach as we think about how to allocate that capital along our waterfall priorities.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. In closing, I want to remind you of two things that we are focused on each and every day. First, keeping our people safe. Our people are the lifeblood of our business and our culture. Second, improving unit profitability and growing earnings regardless of the demand environment. Our Aggregates led business and our best-in-class execution positioned us well for driving long-term sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. And now, Mary Andrews and I'll be happy to take your questions.
Tom Hill: Sure, Trey. As you saw, prices up 19% mix adjusted for the quarter. So a great start. Our January 1 price increases were successful and they were really broad base. So I appreciate our team's hard work on earning price and based on that success, you saw us raise the guidance to 15% for the full-year. As -- Trey, as we said, the pricing comps will get a lot tougher in the second half of the year. So a good start to the year, but it's always worked to be done to earn price. And we feel really good about the 15%. But remember, you still have to take that price to the bottom line, which is what happened in the first quarter where we improved our unit margins by some 23%. And that kind of unit margin expansion is generally consistent with what was in our guidance. And that's just the bulk way of ops in the bulk way of selling at work.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Stanley. Yes, you're right. Non-res construction as shipments continues to be really healthy and we saw that evidenced in the first quarter. We would continue to expect the non-residential sector to maintain the really high levels that we came off of last year. And it's really driven by warehouses, distribution, and now manufacturing and industrial. If I had to risk and reward that sector, I would put the risk in that sector would include maybe some slowing in warehouses. We have not seen that yet, but we're watching it. And the other question I would have is, does light non-res that follows subdivision, does it start to slow again? Haven't seen that yet, but watching it. Now the flip side, the potential upside to shipments in non-residential construction for me would include the number of massive industrial and manufacturing projects that are on the horizon or just starting to ship. To give you some color around that, we have now have some 20 -- excuse me, some 12 major industrial projects most of which are in our backlogs that total 8.5 million tons. Now, some of those are multi-year projects. All that's not going to go in 2023. So I would describe non-res right now as very healthy so far, so good for a healthy non-residential demand in 2023.
Tom Hill: Yes. I would tell you back half loaded simple answer to that question, the sector -- the highway sector is really the whole public sector, but particularly highways is set up for a really robust future. Funding is at all-time record levels. And importantly, all three areas of funding of government are at record levels. You got federal, state, and municipal all at all-time highs. And all of that is starting to flow into lettings. Give you a little color around lettings, which are really healthy in California. And the fourth quarter of last year, the first quarter of this year combined those lettings will be over $2 billion, which is an all-time high for two quarters in California. Moving to Texas is even better. And the first two quarters of 2023, the lettings will be at some almost $8 billion, again, all-time high. So highway contract awards as we said are now over $100 billion. And we still -- so we'll still see -- we'll see 2023 shipments. We predict in low-single-digit, and that is just -- that is indicative of how much time it takes for those big lettings to flow-through the shipment, so a solid 2023, but a much larger growth in 2024.
Tom Hill: Yes, I'll take the volume and let Mary Andrews handle the margin. I think the volumes were in the quarter, we were down 2% and weather had a big play on that. Weather in California and Texas and Arizona were a drag on us. But the weather in the East and Southeast were really positive. And in the East and Southeast we probably had some volume that pushed from the fourth quarter last year, which had really wet weather into the first quarter of this year. As far as our outlook it really hasn't changed. The two -- negative two to six, we've got challenges in single-family, which are going to be more second half loaded. Non-res, as you heard me say is really solid and highways is coming on, but it takes a little time. I think for me the timing is going to be key of how fast those highway shipments go from lettings to shipments. But in all of this, I think is a backdrop. You -- we've got the Vulcan way of selling, the Vulcan way of operating, which gives me confidence that will continue to improve our performance regardless of demand challenges, which you've seen us do quarter in and quarter out over the last few years.
Tom Hill: Yes. Quickly, you're correct on your assumption on gross profit per ton improvements. If I step back and look at cost, we're still facing the impact of stubborn inflation in parts and services. If you looked in the first quarter, weather on the West had negatively impacted the first quarter cost. As -- but remember as we progress through the year, our comps on costs get a whole lot easier. So we're still guiding to the high-single-digit cost inflation. And I would describe that as probably higher than expected parts and services and also delays in delivery is costing us just because it keeps equipment down that's offset some by probably better than expected diesel cost. We'll -- but all that being said, we'll continue to work on our operating efficiencies to the Vulcan way of operating. But at this point, I think we're still very comfortable with that high-single-digit guide.
Tom Hill: Yes. I think that so as far as pricing the rest of the year, we did not assume a second half price increase in our 15% guide. That said, we are -- have announced mid-year price increases in most in the vast majority of our markets. We feel like you got to earn that first. So we'll report on our progress on those mid-year efforts in August as far as bid work, we're pushing price day in and day out on our bid work, and that's just part of our Vulcan way of selling. As far as the -- you're spot on the large projects both on the public side, highways and non-highway, we're going to see a lot more large projects and a lot more money flowing. We are also, as you said, starting to see the big manufacturing industrial projects, which we think continue well into the future. All of that bodes extremely well for pricing because that gives us and our customers' visibility to coming demand. And those large projects both public and the big industrial ones tend to be there's more surety to those projects then once they announce them they're going to happen and so that also gives surety demand, which is a very good backdrop for pricing.
Tom Hill: Yes. That you are going to see a number of years both in manufacturing, industrial, and in the big energy projects along the coast. There is a healthy pipeline of that both in either they're budgeting, they're bidding, or they're engineering. And so I -- like you said, I believe we'll see years of this and I think it will really bode well both for volumes and price.
Tom Hill: So if you look at it about half of our markets took a hit in res and about half were positive. So I'd tell you probably mid-single-digit. But as we said, the -- we'll feel the impact of the fall and starts permits and starts in single-family. We'll really feel that in the second half of the year. So pretty much as expected right now, I think it's a -- and plus weather in Arizona, Texas, and California masks some of that. So it's harder to see. But I -- we think that is more of a second half play as it -- as those starts have to go through the pipeline.
Tom Hill: I don't think it's going to -- I don't think it has a big play on gross margin. It was only 1% on price. So it really did not -- it really didn't have an impact on much impact on price or on margins.
Tom Hill: Yes. I would describe the labor market as easing. I think it's a combination of the labor market's easing, and I think we've gotten better with retention over the last year and done a lot of work on that. So it is still an issue, probably still a bigger issue for our customers, but not like it was 12 months ago or 18 months ago. On Mexico, really not a lot of change. We remain illegally shutdown and the proceedings with the NCRA tribunal continue, we would hope to get a ruling on that sometime in 2024.
Tom Hill: Well, I mean, that would be a first time that's happened, so I would -- since I would doubt that, that while everybody's ringing their hands over it, I think we'll solve this problem and we'll continue with our infrastructure spending.
Tom Hill: On M&A, it remains; I guess we have a number of smaller bolt-ons in the pipeline along with a number of Greenfields that we're working on. I would tell you kind of normal from the smaller bolt-on and Greenfield perspective, as far as large projects are large M&A, those tend to be lumpy. When they come along, we'll be in the game and we'll take advantage. And as always, we'll be disciplined and all of this about what markets we're in, what synergies are unique to us and what we pay for it. So -- and we look forward to reporting that as they come about.
Tom Hill: I think it's a little bit; we would always call that 9 months to 12 months. But larger projects can take longer just because of more complex engineering, more complex permitting and more complex planning around those. And when they run into a snag, it stops a big chunk of work or pushes it back. I would not change the 9 months to 12 months rule of thumb, except for every once in a while now you'll come across a multimillion ton highway project that can get pushed out past that limit. But I think the 9 months and 12 months is still a good rule of thumb.
Tom Hill: I think as we talk about rock is still short on all coast and it's driven primarily by bottlenecks on railroads. I think the railroads are working hard to improve and they're making progress, but there's still gaps there. And I don't know that I see it as risk for 2023. It has its challenges but I think we'll work us with our partners in the railroad work through those challenges and be fine in 2023.
Tom Hill: You can. First of all, on the flow-through piece of this, you can see that above and you can see it below inflation, your big inflationary jumps, put pressure on that, as we said, as does fuel. I think if you look at this year, I would be a little bit cautious because you're still going to have some really sticky inflationary pressures on parts and services. I think as what we've said is that as we progress to the year, the percentage price increase won't stay up at the 20% range because the -- you're comping over such a sequentially high marks through 2022 in price. The flip side of that is in cost, as we've said, you're seeing really high year-over-year cost at this point. They should ease as we go through the year because the inflationary comps ease as we go. That all that put all that together we think we're pretty consistent in that 20% range improvement in unit margins 
Tom Hill: I would put it this way. So far what we're seeing in non-res is really solid some shifting towards heavy industrial and manufacturing. But we've not seen any impact on our markets yet on non-residential. Now that being said, we're watchful and we're watching it, but so far, so good in non-res for 2023. But to your point, I think everybody's watching that, but we haven't seen any impact at this point.
Tom Hill: We appreciate your interest and your time this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to seeing you throughout the quarter to update you on our progress. We hope that you and your families remain healthy and safe and we'll talk to you throughout the quarter. Thanks.
