James Thomas Hill: Thanks, John. We are pleased with our third quarter performance, and we're looking forward to the months ahead. We are very excited about the opportunities we see. Our recent acquisitions are already performing well. We're excited about the volume growth, pricing momentum and strong margin expansion we see across our markets. Our operations continue to run with great efficiency and are best-in-class in the industry. I thank our employees for their outstanding performance in these exciting times. I am very proud of our people, and our future looks great. And now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
James Thomas Hill: Yes, Ted. Right now, we're in the middle of the planning process for 2015. But let me give you a little bit of how we view it. We are continuing to see, as we stated earlier, lots of pricing momentum, demand continues to grow, our employees continue to give us great margin expansion. We continue to focus on those 3 profit drivers, sales and production mix, price for service and operating leverage and efficiency, and all 3 of those continue to improve each month.
James Thomas Hill: We -- I think the only highway jobs that we had delayed were in Northern California for any significant volume. It hurt our asphalt volumes. Other than that, we've seen very -- we saw very good highway shipments in the third quarter. We continue to see very large highway jobs start to ship in 2014. Most of those will actually go in 2015. And with those, I'm referring to some of the TIFIA jobs like the Grand Parkway in Houston. We shipped a little bit of that this year, the majority of it will go next year. I-75, 575 in Atlanta, we have 1.2 million tons of backlog on that job. We will only ship -- we've not begun shipping. I think we'll start in December and probably ship 40,000 tons in '14, the balance in '15, '16. So -- then we've got the I-4 work in Florida, which is 1.7 million tons of concrete rock and probably 2 million tons of base and fill. That job has actually been awarded to the contractors, but the construction materials has not been awarded. So we'll, for sure, get part of that, but that will ship second half of '15 and '16. So we didn't see any slowdown in the third quarter, but we think it will pick up in '14 if weather holds, but for sure, in '15.
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think, if you look at those assets, we had a partial quarter in the third quarter with the assets. They were already profitable in spite -- accounting for marking up inventories to market levels. We expect they are -- all of those are tucked into existing markets, except for New Mexico, and the New Mexico market is a very attractive market when it comes to profitability. So we think we'll hit the ground running with them in 2015, and they will be accretive in 2015.
James Thomas Hill: Yes. It will be -- and actually, let's cross our fingers because it's being voted on today. It is $1.7 billion of new funds. It's from the oil and gas taxes paid by the drilling companies from the state's rainy day funds. Knowing how TxDOT works, I would say that they would be, if it passes, they will be available immediately, but probably, you won't see that flow through to -- at the earliest second half, probably second half of '15. Those will be a lot of overlays because this is really driven by the damage to the roads with all the truck traffic, with all the big energy plays and drilling in Texas. So I would -- and I don't know this for a fact, but my guess is that those funds would -- you would start seeing volumes from that sometime second half of '15.
James Thomas Hill: We have not, and it's -- I think it's too early for that. But we continue to see that go very strongly, particularly the Gulf Coast projects. I think we'll ship about 500,000 or 600,000 tons on those jobs on the Gulf Coast in 2014. We'll see another -- I know we have another 2 million that we've backlogged to ship in '15, and there's probably, well on the books, on paper, there's another 10 million tons to be let. Now all of those -- probably all of those projects probably won't go, but even if half of them goes, it's a great shot in the arm for us.
James Thomas Hill: I think that, on Texas, we've mentioned the Grand Parkway, which is, I think, a total of 1.2 million tons. Of that, we'll ship 400,000 or so. We will ship 400,000 at the end of 2014. The balance will go in '15. Again, we mentioned the energy projects in Texas. I think that this proposition, you'll see a lot of big asphalt work coming up. I believe that will pass. And then we're -- in Texas, you're just seeing all markets hit, residential, nonresidential, all of them are hitting. In Illinois, we have a number of projects. At O'Hare Airport and the widening of I-90 have been 2 very large projects for us. But again, we're starting to see the residential and the western suburbs of Illinois start to pick up also.
James Thomas Hill: It really depends on where you are. In the more mature markets, California, Texas, Florida, parts of North Carolina and even Georgia, we're starting to see new subdivisions. And those are the places where we're starting to see the pickup. Kind of give you an idea where overall housing, we're seeing up low double digit, but if you look at specific markets and what demands happened in 2014 with aggregates, we've seen Los Angeles up 23%; San Antonio, up 23%; Dallas, up 18%; Nashville, which has been a little bit slower, up 12%; Atlanta is already up 15%; and then in Florida, Fort Myers is up 37%; Orlando is up 30%; Charlotte is already up 22%; and Baltimore is up 21%. So in those markets, where it's a little farther along, you're starting to see the subdivisions come in. Kind of the center of the country, we're still building out lots.
James Thomas Hill: Now Texas is -- the pricing has jumped already. It will -- we don't give specific pricing, but let me just give you an example on that. We -- and depending on the market in Texas, in October, we secured between $1 and $2 of price increase, and we'll see another price increase of April of between $1 and $2 depending on the market. So you can tell that where the markets, as we talked about, where the market recovery is more mature, we're seeing big price increases, and in some of those markets, we're seeing price increases every 6 months instead of every 12 months.
James Thomas Hill: I mean, when I said across the whole state, each one of those markets is different, but all of them have sharp price increases, and they all have a lot of momentum.
James Thomas Hill: Yes, the guys in South Carolina are probably listening to this call hanging their heads, but it was only down 2%, and the impact was not so much demand. It was the fact that we had some very large project work last year that we don't have this year.
James Thomas Hill: I think, on average, we stick to the 60%. Obviously, price increases will help that. And, obviously, we're operating at 50% to 60% of our production -- our peak production. The operating leverage in the plants continues to get bigger. But I think over time, it'll shoot up and come back down, but over time, I think that 60% is probably in line with what our expectations are.
James Thomas Hill: Well, with new construction, you'll see an increase in sales for fines and base, which just allows us to sell the complete product split. And it just -- while those are low priced, they're very high margin, and they fill out our hand in selling the complete product line.
James Thomas Hill: We didn't see any impact from transportation costs, rail, barge or ship. In fact, they were -- rail was flat for the quarter, I think barge was relatively flat.
James Thomas Hill: Well, we continue to see growing bipartisan commitment for infrastructure. Last month, Senator Boehner urged President Obama to work with Congress in 2015 for both tax reform and a multi-year transportation bill. Leadership in both parties want to find funding solutions, and I think all of them are tired of going back to the general fund and getting embarrassed about it. Last week, we did have House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy tour our Chula Vista operation in San Diego. And he -- while he was there, he stressed congressional leadership's intention to get a highway bill passed in 2015. So we continue to see momentum behind it. I wouldn't expect it in the lame-duck session, but we've got our fingers crossed it will happen in '15.
James Thomas Hill: I think, like I said, we're seeing bipartisan commitment, and I'm not sure if it helps or hurts us because they all want to fix the problem.
James Thomas Hill: Sure. There's a lot of activity out there, and we see a lot of opportunities. Now with that activity, there's a lot of them that are very unattractive. There are some that -- there are a lot of them that we're looking at for our footprint that make a lot of sense for us. I think they're fair deals, and I think they're also acquisitions that we can improve dramatically by fitting them into our family. But it is busy, and there's some great stuff out there, there's also some junk.
James Thomas Hill: It is a very profitable business for us. The pricing has very much improved over the last 18 months. But it's also, you got to remember, we are in the unique position to service those out of Mexico. So we have a dramatic freight advantage, which improves our profitability to service those markets.
James Thomas Hill: I think one way to look at diesel may be to look at it on what happens to the per gallon cost of diesel because it's -- we've got diesel cost in quarries, we have it in asphalt, we have it in ready mix. But right now, a dime movement per gallon of diesel would mean about $4.5 million for us annually.
James Thomas Hill: Every one of those is different, and our focus is aggregates. We don't have any interest in picking up downstream unless it has aggregates attached to it. And when you look at those, some of those markets that have the downstream business attached to them, those downstream business are very profitable. And if they are, and we can -- we run them with a good return, we'll keep them. If not, we'll keep the aggregates and sell the downstream product lines.
James Thomas Hill: I would agree with that. I would also tell you that as the volumes come back and demand comes back, and new construction, the balance between those 3 gets a whole lot better, and as so our unit margins improve.
James Thomas Hill: Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company, and we look forward to speaking with you during our next earnings call. Have a good day.
John R. McPherson: Ted, this is John. The only thing I think we'd add is we do -- we're not ready to give any explicit guidance, obviously, for next year, but we do continue to see all LNG segments up for '15 directionally. And I think, importantly, as Tom said in his comments, we believe our market will continue to grow faster than the industry as a whole. We like our geographic mix. They were more depressed than the market as a whole, and they're recovering faster than the industry as a whole.
John R. McPherson: Sure. First, I'll just say the obvious, which is how we think about capital allocation, how we think about return of cash to shareholders, how we think about our capital structure, all really important topics in a business such as ours. We're always evaluating a variety of different options. I think given the strength of our asset base, we actually have many options. I think what you can count on us for is to have a plan, not just to swing from one latest idea to another. More to the point on your question, I think we're very comfortable with the strength of our credit position and the financial position right now. I think we have several good options for the redeployment of capital through time. Certainly, reinvestment of CapEx into our business to support growth, but also to support the margin expansion to which Tom referred. I think we continue to see a pipeline of potentially attractive bolt-on acquisitions of a nature similar to those that you saw us complete in the third quarter. Always more difficult to kind of predict how those will turn out, though. And I think you'll see us, over time, have a balanced approach to reinvesting in growth and returning cash to shareholders. Now the exact form and timing of that return of cash is to be decided later, but I think you'll hear us talk about a plan for that approach.
John R. McPherson: I think anybody could see that our aggregates business and some of our product lines will likely qualify for MLP treatment. But that said, I kind of come back to my answer to Ted's question, which is we're always evaluating a wide variety of options for improving our capital structure and our capital costs. We think that's of critical important -- critically important part of our jobs. Those options could range from the mundane such as the ratio of fixed to floating debt in our portfolio to options such as MLPs that may be a bit different. I think the good thing for us is that we have a lot of options. We're very disciplined in how we look at them. And I think it's the kind of topic you should expect us to talk more about at our Investor Day. Not MLP specifically necessarily, but our approach to the capital structure and capital allocation overall.
John R. McPherson: Kathryn, it's John. Just back on your acquisition question quickly, I think if you look at them collectively, the profitability of those businesses on a unit basis should match or exceed our company average once we get past the very early integration phase. And again, these are bolt-ons. There's not a tremendous amount of hard work to do to pull them into our business. Our folks are doing a very good job of that already.
John R. McPherson: I think, Todd, back to not pinning it down, I think it would have been offset elsewhere by other volume changes. So the geographic exception for pricing for us for the quarter was really Illinois-related. I think that's the best way to look at it.
John R. McPherson: I think one takeaway, Bob, is we have a long ways to go in the margin expansion and the positive flow-through. That story is still, just like the volume story, it's still in its early innings.
John R. McPherson: Well I think you're asking the right question. I'd encourage you to keep thinking about profitability on a per ton basis, and that's that way we present our financial statements. And that per ton profitability will, of course, be affected by pricing through time, which we're focused on every day, and we have some tailwind to there. It'll be affected by operating leverage and operating efficiency at our plant level. And it's, of course, also affected by a healthier product mix through time. I think all of those 3 things, we still have a long ways to go on. And our takeaway is that despite being, if you will, near previous high levels of unit profitability, we're nowhere near a cap or ceiling.
John R. McPherson: You saw a little bit of that in the current quarter. Our product mix hurt us on average selling price, but we still drove significant improving margin per ton, and that was one of the factors in this quarter.
John R. McPherson: I would think of a high end of that range on a same-store basis, so excluding impact of acquisitions for the year.
John R. McPherson: Keith, and the way we present our financials, for freight-adjusted pricing and the way we flow that through, you wouldn't expect to have a significant impact for us the way we report our financials.
John R. McPherson: I think, Trey, I think just a lot of this comes down to the reason -- a lot of the reason we're focused on bolt-ons is the synergies you bring to a transaction, which typically, we don't pay for in a deal. And I think if -- and we're not going to get into the valuations of the individual deals we've done. But if you looked at them all collectively, again, in the most recent year, producing 8 million tons roughly. That has a lot of growth behind it, at or above our per ton profitability as a company. You can kind of draw your own estimates for valuation collectively. Again, individual deals vary. But I think what really drives it from our point of view and we're very, very focused on is the -- is obviously, the synergies with the rest of our market positions. That's what makes it go from I've kind of got a good deal to a very good deal, and a lot of what will drive the accretion in the next year for us.
John R. McPherson: I'd try -- I'd say no. I think the point is that you have to balance these and manage them in combination. And I think just the very heart of the business is you can't rank order them, you've got to make trade-offs at a local level between these factors.
