Donald M. James: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter 2013 results. I am Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today are Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. We have posted a short slide presentation to our website that we will reference during the call. These slides are also available to those of you on the webcast. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call, as indicated on Slide 2 of our presentation, contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in Vulcan's second quarter 2013 earnings release. Turning now to Slide 3, I want to begin by briefly discussing a few highlights from the quarter. Each of our business segments reported solid growth in second quarter earnings, contributing to consolidated gross margin expansion and significant earnings per share improvement as compared to the prior year. Earnings from continuing operations were $30 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, compared to a loss of $17 million or a loss of $0.13 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. We achieved these results despite challenging wet weather conditions. Aggregate shipments increased 2% compared to last year, despite significantly wetter weather in all of our markets in the eastern half of the United States. Our shipment levels in the first 2 months of the quarter were well above the same period last year. June shipments were sharply lower as wet weather blanketed many of the markets we serve. Assuming more normal weather conditions in the second half of the year, we anticipate the trend of improving shipments to continue, and to be driven primarily by growth in private construction activity. We achieved broad-based improvement in aggregate pricing, which was up 4% overall with growth in virtually all of our markets. Over each of the past 4 quarters, our year-over-year quarterly price gains have been at least 4%, and the geographic breadth of pricing improvement has expanded. Our reported price improvement is adjusted for freight cost incurred to transport aggregates from a producing quarry to a sales yard. We believe measuring our price improvement in this way provides a clearer view of changes in actual realized prices. Without this freight adjustment, our year-over-year price improvement was even greater. As we look ahead, we remain encouraged by improving trends in private sector construction. Vulcan-served states are among the fastest-growing in the country, accounting for more than 60% of all new construction in both housing starts and contract awards for private nonresidential buildings as measured by square feet. This trend bodes well for earnings growth both in our aggregates businesses and in our non-aggregates segments. We are also pleased to see contract awards for highways were up 10% through the first half of the year, an indication that highway funding stability is returning now that the federal highway bill is in place. Moving now to Slide 4. This provides a summary of our second quarter financial results. Consolidated net sales increased $47 million or 7%. Gross profit increased $27 million as each segment reported year-over-year improvement in earnings. Accordingly, gross profit margin increased 280 basis points. Volume in ready-mixed concrete and cement increased 15% and 20%, respectively, due to improving levels of private construction. Texas and Florida delivered very strong improvements in ready mix volume, up 46% and 25%, respectively. EBITDA was $164 million, an increase of $61 million from the prior year second quarter. During the second quarter, the company sold certain operating assets in lower-margin, lower-growth markets in the Midwest. These transactions generated a pretax gain of $21 million, or $0.10 per diluted share. Additionally, in the quarter, we increased our aggregate reserves and operations in attractive markets in Texas. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Danny Shepherd who will walk you through our segment results for the quarter.
Donald M. James: Well, I think in the second quarter, it has, perhaps, more to do with the absence of large projects in Virginia and in Illinois and with bad weather. As Danny Shepherd says, those 2 markets were down significantly compared to prior year. Obviously, though, the states that were hit hardest in the downturn are the ones that are coming back very strong. Clearly, Florida, Arizona, California are doing very well now. Texas is doing extremely well. As you know, it didn't have quite the downturn that some of the other states have had. But clearly, as we've indicated, our business in Florida is coming back very strongly. It's coming back very strongly in Arizona. And California's coming back nicely, and Texas is very strong. The middle part of the country is still not as strong, even though we had a lot of wet weather in the east, particularly up the East Coast, as you can see from the map that's in the slides, we actually had volume growth in several of those states. But we know that we lost a lot of volume, particularly in those markets at high-margin volume in the quarter, which we're looking forward to capturing through the remainder of the year.
Donald M. James: Well, we are students of economic cycles, and certainly, there is a cycle-after-cycle-after-cycle trend that residential leads nonresidential out of recession, usually with a 9-month, plus or minus, lag. As we look at the relationship now about housing starts contrasted to private non-res contract awards, we're seeing the same pattern develop. Housing starts have started up earlier, are more robust today, but private non-res is certainly recovering strongly based on contract awards. So we're, I think, cautiously optimistic that the pattern of prior recoveries in private construction led by residential, followed by private non-res is repeating itself.
Donald M. James: The relationship between public construction, particularly highways and private non-res, is certainly not as consistent. It's driven by different factors, largely by public spending. We're not looking for a substantial increase this year, in 2013, in shipments into public construction, we are looking for somewhat some growth in the highway sector, but then there's some offsetting weakness in other public infrastructure, water and sewer projects, things like that, which ought to, overtime, follow housing and private non-res construction. But the linkage is not nearly as consistent or as highly correlated as the relationship historically between housing construction and private non-res. That being said, the real wildcard here -- and we said that highway contract awards are up 10% the first half of this year compared to last year, which is clearly understandable. We didn't have a highway bill in the first half of 2012. We do have a federal highway bill, that's given stability and predictability to the states. And they started much bigger bid lettings in the first of the year based on the security of having a federal highway bill in place. But the big wildcard here of these TIFIA projects, I know you're tired of hearing us talk about those, but we're tracking about 50 or 55 big TIFIA projects in our markets. Some of those, as we said in our prepared text, have begun shipping in 2013, or will be shipping in 2013. But there's a big backlog of these projects. The Federal Highway Administration has been a little slower than anybody wanted in getting them approved and out, but they are beginning to show up. And they are going to have a very significant impact all across our footprint. I mean, I'm looking down my list, there's Illinois, Georgia, North Carolina, a lot in Virginia and Maryland and Florida, in Texas and in California. In addition to those, there are a lot of industrial projects, big industrial projects, primarily along the Gulf Coast, including refineries for Exxon and Chevron, LNG, the whole energy sector has got a big construction plan underway. And all of those things rolled up, give us lot of optimism -- give a lot of uncertainty as to the absolute level of volume in the second half of '13, but a tremendous amount of optimism about volume growth in '14 and '15.
Donald M. James: We don't have -- well, the project value of the 56 projects we are tracking in our markets is $65 billion. And that -- I'm sorry, that's not all TIFIA, that's all large projects. Some of those are not TIFIA and some of them are private industrial. But our tracking sheet -- and we won't get every one of these projects and we won't get all the material in every one of these projects, but there is a pretty good backlog of big projects in our footprint.
Donald M. James: I don't think so. I don't think weather -- weather has had an impact on volume, it's had an impact, as Danny Shepherd said, on our production cost. I don't think we can say it's had any impact at all on pricing.
Donald M. James: Yes and yes. We're -- volume growth is the key to -- one of the keys to profitability in the concrete business, and we are profitable in a number of our concrete markets. And we're unprofitable in some others. So it's -- but we will, overall, with particularly recovery in the private sector construction where a lot of our concrete goes, we are -- we're very happy with that. And concrete, the improvement in our profitability of our cement segment also has been very substantial. And those are clearly related because our concrete is pulling aggregates through our system as well as cement through our system.
Donald M. James: Absolutely. A little volume momentum in this industry has very significant pricing and margin leverage. Danny Shepherd had a slide in the presentation which I think would indicate that. If you look at the margin expansion, we experienced driven -- while it's not 1 for 1 in timing, it certainly is an indicator of opportunities for margin expansion. Both in pricing, but also in terms of our cost of production. Being able to run our plants at efficient volume levels really does move the needle on cost.
Donald M. James: We continue to look at various options for improving our balance sheet. The options we have are improving our EBITDA, which we clearly are doing and are very focused on doing. Assets, sales of nonstrategic assets is another way, and equity offering is yet another way. So we -- everything is on the table for us in terms of improving our balance sheet.
Donald M. James: Most of that $150 million would be for replacement CapEx. We have spent, as I indicated, over the last 12 months, we have made acquisitions totaling about $111 [ph] million. So we're in the -- continue to do bolt-on transactions. We are also very interested, as part of our asset sales, in continuing to improve our portfolio of businesses and geographies. The -- however you measure it, cash margin per ton may be one way to measure. But the assets we've sold have a dramatically lower cash margin per ton than the assets we're buying. So we are very focused on being in the right markets with the right set of assets. And that's part of our ongoing strategy, which you will be -- you've seen played out over the last 12 months and I think you'll continue to see being played out over the next 12.
Donald M. James: No. We did announce that our goal was to achieve $500 million of after-tax proceeds, pretax proceeds from divestitures. We continue to look at opportunities. We're not going to sell good assets cheaply, but we may have some assets that are more valuable to other players than they are to us. If we can find those opportunities to withdraw our capital from those non-strategic assets and reinvest them either in debt reduction or in other bolt-on acquisitions, primarily aggregates-focused, we'll continue to do that.
Donald M. James: Well, thank you, all, for being with us today. Given the weather, we are very pleased with the second quarter. I hope you are. We look forward to a positive report at the end of the third quarter, and we will talk to you then. Thank you so much.
