William J. Sandbrook: Thanks, Matt. I'm pleased to announce that the positive momentum we built in the first half of the year continued through the end of the fourth quarter. Our year was marked with significant progress on many fronts. We successfully completed the acquisition of 3 ready-mixed operations that complement our existing markets, executed the sale of non-core assets allowing us to focus on our core ready-mix business, accomplished the move of our corporate headquarters from Houston to Euless, Texas, opportunistically refinanced our ABL facility and grew both volumes and pricing in all regions. In the fourth quarter, we acquired Bode Concrete, located in San Francisco, as I discussed on our last call. Additionally, we completed the sale of substantially all of our assets associated with Smith Precast, which is located in Phoenix, Arizona, to Jensen Precast, for $4.3 million in cash and the assumption of certain obligations. This marks the sale in 2012 of 6 out of the 7 precast plants owned by the company. We continue to evaluate our strategic alternatives for our remaining precast operation in Pennsylvania. In our press release issued earlier today, we informed the market that in the fourth quarter of 2012, we made changes to our reportable segments to better align them with our overall strategy and the manner in which we organize and operate our business. As a result of this change, our new reportable segments will be: Ready-Mixed Concrete and Aggregate Products. Our previously reported Precast Concrete Products segment was eliminated when 6 of the company's 7 precast plants were sold during 2012. Our remaining precast plant, as well as other products and services that were previously associated with the Ready-Mixed Concrete and Concrete-Related Products segment, are no longer associated with a reportable segment. These other products and services include: Our building materials stores; hauling operations; lime slurry; Aridus rapid-drying concrete technology; brokered product sales; and our recycled aggregates operation. All historical segment results discussed on the call today will be restated to conform with these changes. Now let me cover a few highlights of our fourth quarter and the full year results. Our fourth quarter ready-mixed volume and revenue were up 15.7% and 16.8%, respectively, compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. This marks our ninth consecutive quarter for year-over-year revenue growth and the sixth consecutive quarter for year-over-year volume growth. Adjusted EBITDA of $5.7 million was up $1.1 million or 24.3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. For the year, our ready-mix volume and revenue were up 19.6% and 22.1%, respectively, compared to 2011. Ready-mixed pricing also improved, with average selling prices rising 1.1% for the fourth quarter and 3.3% for the year compared to 2011. We remain encouraged by the improvement in all of our construction markets and continue to focus on operational improvements and strategic enhancements to further our success. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Matt to discuss our results in a little more detail.
William J. Sandbrook: Thanks, Matt. We are encouraged by the initial signs of market recovery that we saw during 2012. The continued rebound in residential construction markets is benefiting all of our regions. The architectural billings index, a leading economic indicator of nonresidential spending, indicated the strongest growth in billings since the end of 2007. We continue to believe we are in there right geographic markets to capitalize on these trends as the pace of growth in our markets appears stronger than the national average. Both pricing and volume growth trends have continued and we have seized the opportunity to provided to us by favorable weather patterns in our markets in 2012. Our ready-mix backlog at the end of the year was 5.7% higher than at the end of last year. We continue to aggressively pursue our strategic goals and assess and manage internal activity within our control such as pricing, cost containment and overhead reductions, and fully expect the investments we have made in these areas to benefit our performance in the coming year. To wrap things up, our team's hard work and disciplined execution delivered improved results for 2012. We remain committed to strengthening our current market positions and capitalizing on the positive economic trends we are experiencing in our markets. We believe our focused attention on the delivery of Ready-Mixed Concrete across the organization will drive superior financial performance and improve long-term shareholder value. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We look forward to reporting on our future successes. We would now like to turn the call back over to the operator for the question-and-answer session.
William J. Sandbrook: Matthew, it depends on region and the underlying cost structure of the region and what the raw material costs are, obviously. But I would say, on average, it's between 20% and 30%.
William J. Sandbrook: We'd be targeting between 8% and 9% on sales. Now we've [indiscernible] we're accomplishing throughout the year some of our refinancing operations, as well as different health care and comp costs due to our relocation. But I would start targeting -- our target, our internal target, would be 8%, although we might be a year or 2 off from that. And remember on that, a lot of that is dependent on the top line growth as opposed to further reductions in the underlying SG&A other than the one-offs.
William J. Sandbrook: Sure. As you know, we operate in 5 specific regions and I count Washington, D.C. as 1 of those 5. It's specific to each region, and it's usually tied to when we're seeing increases on our major raw material inputs, namely cement and aggregates. So depending -- if we were seeing those increases at the beginning of the year, we would have immediately followed up with price increase announcements. However, a lot of those additional costs haven't been incurred yet and are due to hit our operations in April. So I would say 75% of our price increase announcements are going to be effective April 1. And frankly, the markets are prepared for price increases this year because the cement companies have been signaling all through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of this year their intentions to increase pricing.
William J. Sandbrook: Sure, Austin. For those of you that lived in the DFW area or follow it, it's a very robust construction market that's starting to hit on all cylinders with many, many transportation and infrastructure projects on I-35, on I-635, and it seems like there's major projects under way throughout the entire metroplex. That's carrying over into the commercial sector and the multifamily sector, with a lot of building downtown Dallas, downtown Fort Worth and in the suburbs. And the suburbs are getting much healthier as you see a lot of new projects coming online in the residential sector. The Dallas/Fort Worth market has suffered for a number of years but it's getting healthy very quickly.
William J. Sandbrook: The -- we aren't specifically focused on residential. And historically, if you look at the company's performance during the peak residential build, between '03, '04, '05, '06, the margins were somewhat depressed because of an overweighting of the residential construction segment in our book of business. So subsequent to that and coming out of the downturn, we've more focused on the commercial/industrial and, recently, some street and highway because of the large amount of projects available in our market areas. Now having said that, as residential comes back, we will use excess capacity in our plants into that segment. But traditionally, it's been a much lower-priced market for us, with limited barriers to entry. And we've chosen to compete outside of that market for higher returns although, as res comes back, you can expect more volume growth for us, which then covers our -- carries over our fixed costs a little more. But I wouldn't say that it's an overwhelming priority for us, although we will benefit from it.
William J. Sandbrook: I would say that acquisitions are part of our strategic plan. However, we are focused on our underlying businesses for organic improvement and feel that we still have room to go there. Although we're looking in all our markets for attractive tuck-in, bolt-on acquisitions, and there are opportunities in all of our markets that we are looking at and it will be part of our strategy going forward.
William J. Sandbrook: Yes, I'll take that, Matthew. We're still early in the cycle and the EBITDA margins, I believe, were about 4% for the quarter. And that's still less than we would like them to be. We're targeting in the short to intermediate term, to be fairly healthy, I would say 10%. But with the markets we're operating in, I'm expecting it to go north -- opportunity will be to go north of 10% when the recovery is in full steam.
William J. Sandbrook: I mean, I really can't comment on that. Remember these -- were still at the beginning of this cycle. You're seeing our run rate on price increases, you are seeing from the cement companies what they're looking for on their price increases to us. So it's not going to be that quick.
William J. Sandbrook: That's really a hard question to answer. The way I would respond to that, if you look at the historical U.S. Concrete results, you would need to be -- and I'm just speaking historical and things have changed since then, up around the $700 million range historically for this company. Is this cycle going to be similar to the last one? Perhaps, perhaps not. But from a historical perspective, that's where it was.
William J. Sandbrook: Sure. there has been a reluctance to spend capital as the financial condition of the company deteriorated in '09, '10, '11. So we do have some catch up to go there. We're targeting, as a long-term run rate, about 4% of revenue. So that would help your modeling on that. And on the depreciation in the fourth quarter, it did tick up because of the acquisitions that we had undertaken.
William J. Sandbrook: Remember, towards the end of last year, and I've mentioned this on previous conference calls, part of our strategy on pricing is not to rely necessarily on a single price announcement or 2 price announcements spaced throughout the year. That really only covers a portion of your total revenue stream or total customer base. Project by project, remember we're a project-driven industry, we have been increasing prices all through last year, including outside of our announced price increases. So you're going to continue to see that we're staying ahead of our raw material input increases. But we will officially -- we have officially announced in some of our markets the January 1 price increase and the other is April 1. But that's not our only means to increase prices.
William J. Sandbrook: Thank you, Ashley. Thank you, everyone, for participating in the call this morning and for your support of U.S. Concrete. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2013 results with you in May. Thanks again for your support.
