Tom Hill: Thanks, John. As John stated it we are confident in our full-year outlook. We are pleased with our team's performance in the second quarter despite the challenges of extreme weather. Our markets continue to improve in each market segment and across most of our geographic footprint. This growing demand is causing pricing momentum to pick up robustly which is clearly demonstrated in the second quarter results. I am confident in our employees' ability to execute on the disciplines of operating efficiencies that drive cost control and customer service that drives value and price all of which improve our unit profitability. We are very proud of our employees' hard work and dedication. We are also pleased with the level of activity on the Highway bill in Congress over the last two weeks. This culminated on July 30 in the Senate's passage of a new six-year bill the Drive Act. The Senate and house also last week passed a three-month extension to Map 21, the current bill. This will allow the house time to complete work on its version of the new bill. House and Senate leadership has stated their intention to go to conference with their respective bills and send a new, multi-year built to the President for his signature in the fall. This gathering momentum in Congress to address federal highway investments coupled with growing initiatives to improve roads in many states is very encouraging. We along with many other transportation stakeholders will continue to press for additional much-needed investments in America's aging infrastructure. As we look forward to the balance of 2015, and into 2016 we are excited about the accelerating momentum and demand in pricing and the improving execution by our employees. They are finding new ways to improve this Company and our profitability every day. Now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we will be happy to respond to your questions.
Tom Hill: Overall we are seeing growth in all market segments as I stated and in the vast majority of our geography. About half of our individual markets we think will experience double digit growth this year. So all across the board we are seeing strong demand. Texas is probably the hottest market we have even with the impact of weather we saw same-store shipments volume up 8% in Texas. Florida continues to be extremely healthy. I think we were up some 11% in Florida for the quarter; Georgia very, very healthy. And actually Georgia got hit a little bit with weather, but there's -- that demand is just pushed back, and every time the sun comes out in Georgia, where shipping very strongly. So overall everything is -- the vast majority of the market is going well. If there is a spot that was a little behind the rest of the country I would say it was Alabama, Mississippi, that area. As I stated, California while the second quarter was a little slow because we had some jobs pushed back, and it may be a little bit behind the rest of the country, overall its demand growth is steady.
Tom Hill: Trey, all I would add is that while in a few areas we are seeing some rising costs -- some trends in rising costs we are able to manage those so far. You see that in our margin performance. Our operator to local teams did a fantastic job. We don't see any immediate or near-term change in the recent trajectory but I would reiterate that our more long-term, through the cycle commentary and guidance on flow-throughs, is more on the order of 60% than the recent trends you've seen. But that said, don't take that as a signal that we expect some eminent decline in recent performance.
Tom Hill: I think that the tonnage in Q2 from acquisitions was a little north of $1 million. If you look at the overall performance of our acquisitions, we are pleased with it. We had slightly higher costs that was due to two things. Remember a lot of those were in Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico and Arizona, again, the weather issue which both dampened shipments and hurt us on cost. We also recognized in a couple of those operations that with some capital and some modifications, we could greatly improve our long-term product offering, quality of our products, and operating efficiencies. So you had those modifications in the first half of the year. I think those are starting to come -- we'll see the fruits of those probably in a quarter or two. But overall, I think we're pleased with it. We are on track to hit the plan that we had for EBITDA of $40 million to $50 million, and I think my folks have done a good job with the integration.
Tom Hill: I think in all pricing was up in all markets except for Virginia. And that was really a mix issue. We had some very large sales of base and fines which as we say is a good thing. We like that. It actually improves our profitability. We are seeing robust price increases in most of our markets. I'll give you a little flavor on that. If you looked at South Carolina, Arizona, Alabama, we saw price increases from $0.40 to $0.50 in the second quarter. In the middle of the country which would be Tennessee, Kentucky, Arkansas and Illinois, we saw price increases in the $0.60 to $0.75 per ton range. And then we saw in a few markets we saw some very marked price jumps in the $0.80 to $1.20 a ton range in California, Florida, Georgia and Texas. But overall our -- it's still a local business, and our local teams are working hard to make sure we deliver value and quality and service to our customers. I think we have a lot of confidence that the pricing momentum is across all markets, and we feel good about it at this point.
Tom Hill: I think well said. Ted, as you said we probably have four months of solid season left. It will come down to constraints from contractors. Can they get in to get the job? How many ready mix trucks can they get? How fast can they get crews laying asphalt? But overall, remember this is work that we see if we don't get it in the third quarter, fourth-quarter this year it will follow in the first or second quarter of next year. So it won't go away. It's just postponed. And it's very normal when we have this kind of weather to see it push back, and when the sun comes out we are shipping hard.
Tom Hill: Really I think the only headwind that we saw was probably (inaudible) was costs in the quarter was slightly higher. Labor costs, and I mentioned R&M were up. The labor piece, weather causes inefficiencies in the stone operation, actually ready mix and asphalt also, but -- so weather affected labor. It also affected the rest of our operating efficiencies and tons per gallon of fuel and electrical power. We are also beginning to run our plant with increased demand. We're starting to run our plants a little harder and longer. When you start to do this to start finding a few weak spots in the fixed equipment. We also took the opportunity in the second quarter when we were down to do repairs so R&M costs was up. But if you look at it from a longer-term view, our year-to-date cost is down about $0.10. On a same-store basis it's down $0.16, trailing 12 month is down $0.22. But the disciplines in operating efficiencies and operating costs is something that everybody focuses on every day. It is something you just got to stay on top of, or it will get away. I think our people are very focused on the things they control and the efficiencies in those operations. The headwind that I saw in the quarter was really one of cost and it was a mix of R&M and weather-related inefficiencies.
Tom Hill: There were definitely tailwinds with oil, but I think you have to look at it to separate that out when you're running over 50 asphalt plants and across the whole Southwest is really difficult to do. It's really a matter of managing the usage of oil with recycled asphalt products, recycled shingles each mix design maximizing it out and then maximizing operating efficiencies and the costs just to run the operation along with sales and service and value and price. So I think to try to separate that out is pretty tough to do. As far as giving that back, giving back any savings on oil, we don't see -- we don't see that -- those headwinds at this point. You don't know that for sure, but I think that right now we're pretty confident in our ability to manage the combination of customer service material margin operating costs and continue what we're doing today.
Tom Hill: I don't know that anything has changed as far as the momentum we see in the pricing. Obviously, the margins that are more mature in the recovery margins because price lags volume are seeing the bigger jump in pricing. But overall I think the trend is pretty steady. I think it will continue. Not only is it steady, but it will continue to improve as we go forward and as we said earlier, we'll be back half loaded with a price improvement.
Tom Hill: If you look at the energy projects along the coast, the LNG projects, the refinery projects we are actually seeing that continue to pick up. My guess is we'll ship over 2 million tons to that segment on the coast. Remember, the reason why we are so advantaged with our blue water delivery to those projects require big volumes by water in a short amount of time. So if you put that over 2 million to 2.5 million tons this year I would tell you that next year for what we know right now we will -- and this is what we have probably under contract we'd be just south of 2 million tons. Is probably on the drawing board another 8 million tons in projects that are out there that haven't bid, they are still in the permitting or planning process. So no slowdown in the energy projects along the coast.
Tom Hill: As we always say, our pricing is across dozens of markets, so each one is individual. Then you've got, within those markets, you have fixed plants where you have got price increases that come at all different times of the year. And then you've got quoted work which you are pressing price with each quote, each week. So, it is a combination of what we've secured, pricing that will quote higher in the second half and then announced price increases in the second half. And then you are also working off of old work, so you've got to put all that into the mix and again you've got to aggregate all those pricing movements across all those markets.
Tom Hill: I think if you look at our guidance, this goes into individual operations, and so there is diesel savings built in from a ground-up perspective in the second half of the year. There's also built into that is labor costs and repair and maintenance costs and operating supply and parts. So I think when you put all that together if you look at our guidance we do have diesel built into it.
Tom Hill: These are specific replacements for the ships that we started that operation with. So those ships are some 30 years old. It's time for them to retire for all kinds of reasons. Now what we will get in the new ships is, with technology, we'll have a little more payload. We'll have much better fuel efficiency's and probably a little better speed out of the ships, so we'll get better efficiencies, but the bottom line of that is those ships are replacements.
Tom Hill: I don't know that we put a number to that, because we've got so many unknowns in that highway bill and what does it mean. We have not at this point. The one thing I will say is that a long-term bill, even at the funding we have today, is a good thing for us. Because it gives security to those states so that -- we've got a number of states that are pushing back big jobs because they don't have security that they're going to get paid by the federal government. So worst-case if we get flat funding with a long-term bill we look at it as a very good thing. At the same time, we've got a number of states which have already substantially increased their funding, and we have a number of very key states to us including California which are looking at ways -- recognize that they have to increase their funding and are taking steps towards that. So overall, with the steps that the Senate is taking and that the house is taking we're pleased with it. We've got high hopes for it. We think we've got a lot of momentum. And on top of that you've got the momentum of improving state funding or the recognition that state funding has to increase.
Tom Hill: Let me give you a little background on California. Their highway bill right now is at about $11 billion annually. If things stay status quo, they've cut that to about 5% to about $10.5 billion. They recognize that they have to take steps to not only keep that whole but to improve it. There's Senate Bill 16 which is out there right now which would increase it by another $3 billion. It is too early to give you a guess on that at this point or a prediction. I think the good thing is that they recognize that they have a shortfall. They're going to have to address it, and they are taking steps for it. Of there's any place that needs roads, California sure does. They do recognize it, and the leadership there is taking steps to improve it.
Tom Hill: I don't know that were changing mine plans with pricing. That wouldn't drive a mine plan. It's really based on the long-term operations of a quarry. Obviously as volume goes up you just have to strip more because you have your producing more tons. I think other times, as we are opportunistic when we strip, so it may be that when we are not running operations for whatever reason we take the crew and equipment and go strip because is it's just good sense and good use of costs. But overall, I don't see -- price doesn't have an impact, volume obviously does, because you just have to strip more with more volume. And in each individual mine, it's based on what that operation has to do for the long-term. We're running these operations for decades, not a few years, so -- and stripping is the big part of the long-term planning.
Tom Hill: Let me add a little bit to that. I think it's more about momentum. And you are seeing -- we told you that price was going to follow volume. And that as volume continued to grow, pricing would grow behind it. And that was very apparent in the second quarter. I think as we continue to see volume grow, you will continue to see pricing momentum grow. Not just the percentage, but overall pricing will continue to accelerate.
Tom Hill: I think for sure they are not lost. Those jobs are not going away. Our customers have a backlog and are going to do the work. It's really a matter of if you look at hundreds of jobs and even the fixed plant with hundreds of jobs, can they get on that job? Can they get it all done in the compressed amount of time they have to do it in the construction season 2015? So if they don't get it done, it will push back into first quarter, second quarter of 2016. If you look at asphalt for example, asphalt and our ready mix plant is do they have the plant capacity and the truck capacity to catch up from where they are? Again, it's not lost. If it doesn't happen in 2015, it will happen in 2016. As I said earlier, this is really normal for when we have severe weather like this. We'll do the work. It's just a matter of timing.
Tom Hill: Thank all of you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. We are proud of our second quarter, and we look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. We'll talk to you then. Thank you.
John McPherson: I think as we talk about these same operations in the peak would've done 300 million tons, we're sitting at as we said 177 million so -- and we said norm was 255 million, so we've got a long ways to go before we start looking at any reduction in incremental revenue -- in incremental returns.
John McPherson: As the asphalt segment was up some $12 million, $9 million of that was on -- without the same-store basis. $3 million was the acquisition. So we are pleased -- you've got to remember a lot of that asphalt is in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona so they did have the headwinds of weather, so we're very pleased with our operating group being able to deliver value to our customers, manage material margins and operating costs and give customer service with all of that rain. That's tough to do. On top of that, the $3 million that improvement due from the recent acquisitions, we believe that that's a sign those have been integrated well and quickly. In those -- in that, we've got a lot of talent, that we are glad to add to the team. Both the same-store and the acquisitions we're pleased with performance. I don't see anything in this that would slow that down at this point.
John McPherson: Trey and for others, just to remind people folks newer to our business, we tend to earn pretty good returns on capital in the asphalt segment through the cycle and over time, so we are pleased with those investments.
John McPherson: Kathryn, just as a reminder for everyone, we acquired not only some aggregates operations but also some good asphalt and concrete operations. So in total for the quarter the revenue from those operations was approximately $50 million. As they get ramped up and as we put some additional costs into them as we ramp them up and I'd say ramp them up and as Tom mentioned hit some particular product needs of particular customer groups, the EBITDA contribution in the quarter was about $11 million year-to-date. About $16 million from those acquisitions and generally on track as Tom said with our expectations.
John McPherson: Kathryn, I think those are the most important points. We haven't had much tailwind to pricing at based on geographic mix if that was your question. It's more prices across many, many markets improving.
John McPherson: Ted, this is John. Why don't I give a couple of numbers just to lay out a couple benchmarks maybe and Tom will add some additional market color in terms of what we're seeing from customers. All in all, we estimate that we've had about 4 million tons of aggregate shipments to start there deferred out of the first half. You can tell that we expect to catch up maybe about 1 million of those in the balance of the year, just by the change in our indicative guidance. A lot of that will, as you said, depend on Mother Nature and how long the remainder of the construction season is. And it really depends a good bit on how well many of our customers, and Tom can comment more, how much capacity they can add, and how much work they can just get done. To give you a rough sense of the 4 million tons we have seen deferred on the first-half roughly we'd expect to catch up about 1 million tons of that in the second half. That is less a function of any demands concern and just more a function of the time and capacity of our customers to get their work completed.
John McPherson: Ted, we haven't giving any guidance, obviously, and we will do that at the right time but there's nothing -- overall across what is a fairly diversified geographic portfolio for us, we don't see anything at this point that would indicate a slowing momentum heading into next year.
John McPherson: There are always state specific issues, right? But across the portfolio in total, although we're not giving guidance, we don't see any decline in momentum.
John McPherson: Ted, if it helps at the gross profit line we basically as Tom was describing had a wash between some diesel benefits we had and other cost increases. So on a per unit basis that was cost structure basically a wash at the gross profit line so really the biggest bridge, if you will, of course, gets back to volume. And again if we had 4 million tons deferred out of the first half of aggregates we would estimate that's about a $35 million impact or so plus or minus at the EBITDA line. But the biggest factor in the quarter -- the costs were ultimately a wash, managed well. Volume of course is a headwind. If that's helpful.
John McPherson: The range varies substantially across markets but I think to come back to what Tom said, I think all of our states saw pricing increase in the same-store basis at some level. So a trend if we went back a few quarters would be that it's broadening. The rates vary substantially across states, but the trend would be that it's been broadening.
John McPherson: I think that's the right way to think about it, Garik, I don't know that we're the world's best to predicting future diesel prices and those kinds of things, but we will begin to comp over, if you will, lower costs as we get into the third and fourth quarter. So I think you summed it up well which is, we would expect to continue to manage to improving margins in the second half in total, and underneath that is a mix of several factors probably a little help from diesel costs, probably a little bit higher repair and maintenance costs than we have seen in the past.
John McPherson: I think what we said -- I wouldn't put down a specific level, but we currently see this kind of pricing momentum continuing into 2016. It's not just -- this is a more structural trend in our business. It's not a one or two or three quarter trend. But not trying to give you guidance for any specific number for 2016.
