William Matthew Brown: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete's fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in U.S. Concrete, and we are pleased to share our results with you. Joining me on the call today is Bill Sandbrook, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to cover a few administrative items. Information reported on this call speaks only as of today, and therefore, you are advised that time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the date of any replay. We will discuss certain topics that contain forward-looking information. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to projected revenues, volumes and pricing and other financial and operating results, capital expenditures, strategies, expectations, intentions, plans, future events, performance, underlying assumptions and other statements that do not relate to historical or current facts. Although, the company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can provide no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If you'd like to be on e-mail distribution list to receive future news releases, please sign up in the Investor Relations section of our website under E-mail Alerts. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website, under Events and Presentations. Please also note that you can find a reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K filed earlier today and in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Sandbrook, our President and CEO, to discuss the highlights for the fourth quarter and full year 2013.
William Matthew Brown: Sure. So I would say that without the weather impact, we would have seen almost a percentage point increase in EBITDA margin.
William Matthew Brown: Sure, so for material spread, these are percentages: Ready-mixed material spread was 46.5% for Q4 2013 and that compares to 47.5% for Q4 2012.
William Matthew Brown: Yes, I'm pulling that up. So Ready-mixed material spread on a dollar basis, in Q4 of '13 was $50, basically $50 even. In Q4 of 2012 it was $47.11.
William Matthew Brown: Sure. Yes, it's not inventory at all and it's primarily payables. So cash provided by operations in Q4 went down by $21 million year-over-year. And actually, there was a driver that accounted for about $23 million decrease year-over-year, all due to payables. And there were 2 components to that. The first was that during the fourth quarter of 2012, we instituted a new working capital management program such that payables went up significantly over the quarter. Remember, we're comparing a change over the fourth quarter to a change over the -- fourth quarter 2012, to a change over the fourth quarter of 2013 here. So the change in payables, the increase during 2012 fourth quarter was large, as compared to kind of a normalized increase, or decrease actually, in payables over the fourth quarter of 2013. So that phenomenon, just because of improvements in working capital, which will continue going forward, account for $17 million of the decrease in cash provided by operations. The reminder of that $23 million I mentioned, which is $6 million worth of it, basically, was an accounting nuance such that at the end of 2012, we were borrowing because we had very little cash on our balance sheet and we were drawing on revolver to make all our payments to suppliers. So because of that, any outstanding checks at the end of the year were classified as accounts payable. So that accounted for about $6 million of the delta. Whereas in 2013 at the end of the year, since we had a large cash balance, we were paying our suppliers from cash on hand. So that's really what drove that difference.
William J. Sandbrook: Thank you, Matt. 2013 marked our first full year with our new management team and new headquarters in Euless, Texas. We started the year with some very aggressive goals for our team and I'm pleased to announce that we delivered both operationally and financially, capitalizing on many of the opportunities in our core markets. Although much of the fourth quarter was challenging from a weather perspective, we were able to grow volume, pricing, revenue and EBITDA in both of our reportable segments, Ready-mixed Concrete and Aggregates. In addition to our improvements in operating performance during the fourth quarter, we successfully accessed the capital markets and issued $200 million of senior secured notes, combined with the refinancing of our ABL facility, which increased the commitments under the facility to $125 million. These transactions provided us with additional liquidity that will allow us to further grow our business by capitalizing on the burgeoning demand in our core markets and take advantage of strategic opportunities that we identify. We continue to be encouraged by the improvement in our construction markets. Our core markets are in key areas of states, including Texas, California and New York, that collectively represented over 1/3 of the national ready-mixed volume produced, total population and overall U.S. GDP in 2013. In addition, these states represented over 40% of the total growth in U.S. GDP over the past 2 years. And according to the Portland Cement Association, represented over 55% of the total growth in ready-mixed concrete volume in 2013. The fourth quarter outlook from SMI, a provider of research to the engineering and construction industry, projects a 7% growth in construction in 2014, with similar growth rates through 2017. We anticipate our core markets will continue to capture a higher than average portion of that growth. The strength of the improved construction markets in our key states of Texas and California has been well documented, and we are fortunate to be participating in this growth through a significant portion of our overall production capacity. It is no surprise why we are so excited about our business, our people, our prospects and our opportunities. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Matt to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results.
William J. Sandbrook: Thanks, Matt. We are very encouraged by the improving construction activity in all of our markets, which as I mentioned earlier, are a major part of the U.S. economy and a large driver of the economic growth we're all seeing. We worked hard for the last 2 years to improve our balance sheet, build a strong team and put ourselves in the best position to capitalize on the opportunities we believe are only beginning in our markets. Our Ready-mixed backlog at the end of the year was over 4 million cubic yards, which is 31% higher than at the end of last year. To wrap things up, we're very excited about the level of construction activity we are seeing across all building segments in all of our markets. We look forward to the disciplined deployment of the capital we raised last year in developing further accretive expansion opportunities. We're very proud of the teams we have built across the country. And their hard work, dedicated efforts and commitment to operating excellence are delivering on our collective vision of making U.S. Concrete the preeminent supplier of Ready-mixed Concrete in the United States, while simultaneously delivering superior returns to our shareholders. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We look forward to reporting on our future successes. We would now like to turn the call back over to Karen for question-and-answer session.
William J. Sandbrook: I'll take that, Matt. Seth, on our backlog, this is a forward backlog that does span multiple quarters and multiple periods. We have great visibility to that in the six-month period. I would estimate it's about 75% contractual and 25% would be the estimated backlog from current customers on their current projects, which wouldn't be signed up with contracts, but we would be supplying a housing development, for instance, and we understand the remaining amount on that project. As far as the mix, our mix remained fairly stable for 2013 versus '12. And I would estimate that our future backlog would be representative of where we ended up in 2013. We shifted a little bit more into commercial. And as I've said in previous calls, our strategy is to be -- to focus on commercial developments, that would be housing complex -- that would be office buildings, big-box developments, retail, that type of thing. And we've also focused a lot on residential. Residential remained fairly stable for the year, at about 21% of our production. We did decline somewhat in streets and highways and other infrastructure, and filled that in with additional work in our commercial space, which is our higher margin work.
William J. Sandbrook: It would be totally related to weather, Seth. Our pricing is very good, as you can see from our earnings results and our earnings announcement. We lost approximately 30 days or a portion of 30 days in Texas during the quarter. California had very good weather. New York was about comparable to other years and had actually a little pickup because 2012 was impacted by Hurricane Sandy. Our biggest impact would have been weather in Texas in October, November and a big ice storm at the beginning of December. The margin impact of that was about 100 basis points, we feel, and totally weather-related, not operationally related.
William J. Sandbrook: Yes, we're not going to actually put a number out there for our target on material spread. Obviously, it's our intention to pass on our increased costs. It's been well documented by the cement players in the public space, as they have letters out effective April 1. We're still in the process of negotiating all of those. There's no doubt it is going to be an increase in cement pricing because of demand characteristics. I don't know if the entire -- if their entire announcements are going to hold. We do negotiate that fairly strongly. But we have been very successful in the past 2 years, as you can see in our results, and anticipate similar success in passing those on to our end users as well.
William J. Sandbrook: Seth, yes, we're not going to talk about the multiple. It's a fairly small operation, one plant, one ready-mixed plant operation in a rural market in Texas. That follows our strategy of continuing to focus on those rural Texas markets, which are very vibrant right now because of all the different oil plays in various regions of the state. The pipeline is, I would say, extremely healthy. We have active prospects and negotiations in all 4 of our regions.
William J. Sandbrook: Well, you can see that we were up 6% year-on-year. As I've said in the past, the way we price cement, to a large degree, project by project. And as older projects roll off the backlog and are completed, they are being replaced with forward price and forward booked orders. And there is a steady increase of higher-priced projects entering production phase and lower-priced projects falling off the production phase throughout the year. So it's not a one point in time, i.e., April 1, our prices are going up 5% or 10%. It just doesn't work like that. And we have been successful in the past at least 24 quarters of dropping off the old projects and replacing them with the new projects that are covering increased material costs.
William J. Sandbrook: For project to project, correct. But remember, this is a continuous process. There are projects coming in every day and there are projects falling off every day across our portfolio, because we have such a large footprint. So it's more of a linear, slow linear growth, the 4%, the 5%, the 6% increases that we have reported over the last couple of quarters. So you won't necessarily see spikes in that trend. At this point in the cycle, aggregates are going up, cement's going up, admixtures are going up, labor's are going up, but it's happening through the entire supply chain and the final price of construction is going up as a result of all that.
William J. Sandbrook: We do use fly ash wherever it's economically available. It's not available in all areas of the country, due to transportation costs and limitations. We look at, we continually try to expand the use of fly ash in our ready-mixed concrete. Remember, it's a cement substitution, so the differential between the price of fly ash and cement is what you drop into your material line. I wouldn't say that we're going to double the use of fly ash in the next 2 years, but we have, again, focused on increasing our use over time.
William J. Sandbrook: It depends on the market or region, it could be up to that at times. And it depends on the jobs that you're using it on. It's not a really good answer, it's kind of a blend of all the above.
William J. Sandbrook: I would say all 3 are equally important. We're going to deploy that cash where it generates the greatest long-term return. We are replenishing our fleet after a couple of years. We bought approximately 80 new and used mixer trucks last year and plan to do the same this year. Greenfields, we just greenfielded a sand and gravel operation that we announced on, the beginning of the week, on the Red River in -- on the Oklahoma-Texas border to supply the DFW market, which is currently experiencing a shortage in sand. And the Young Ready-Mix one was a small bolt-on acquisition. So the answer is they are all equally important to us. We're going to deploy that capital where we can make the best return.
William J. Sandbrook: Well, we are, we're not adverse to buying used, as long as it's in good condition, in order to conserve our capital. I would say a good run rate on truck replenishment would be about 60 to 80 trucks a year, but on spend, it depends on the mix of new versus used.
William J. Sandbrook: I think residential is going to be more plentiful. Residential in Texas, for instance, increased significantly. It went actually from 20% of our mix to 32% of our mix in the Dallas/Fort Worth market,, and 27% to 30% in West Texas, because of just the vibrancy of that economy. So I would believe that residential is going to have a little bit more play in Texas. In New York, New Jersey, D.C. and California, we're solidly in those downtown construction markets, that are office buildings, retails, some multi-family residential as condominiums are being built. But as you see the gross macro trends, obviously, residential is coming back and it's coming back strong. And while we don't necessarily focus on that, we will use our excess capacity on that, wherever available.
William J. Sandbrook: Yes, I'm not going to answer that for competitive reasons. I don't think I want to be public with our forecast for various markets on a competitive basis, or on a growth basis. Let me just answer it though, that all 4 of our markets are very, very vibrant. And they are following the national trends that are well-established. And they are following similar -- we are seeing similar activity that the previous announcements from other public companies are seeing.
William J. Sandbrook: Correct. But, yes, with the caveat that we have not completely locked in our material costs yet. This is the time of the year, February and March, that there is significant negotiation going on between ready-mixed producers and their suppliers to see what the final outcome of the price increases would be.
William J. Sandbrook: No, it's not different. That's as I answered at the beginning, the trends remain intact. So we have assumptions in that backlog. But nonetheless, I just needed to caveat that we don't have contracts on that pricing, but I have no reason to believe that we're not going to be successful, again, in passing on whatever we have to accept.
William J. Sandbrook: It's going to bump up a little bit. Remember, our greenfields we count in our CapEx, so we did have some Red River Aggregate spend. And we are buying additional mixer trucks, more than we had anticipated, in order to meet demand. In an ideal world, well in the original plans, we would buy new mixer trucks and retire the old ones. Right now, we are buying mixer trucks for incremental volume. And we do have some capacity improvements in our plants, specifically in California, where we have a very, very, very vibrant market that we're trying to keep up with. So I would say in the short term, it could exceed 4% marginally, but our long-term trend, goal, is 4%.
William J. Sandbrook: I think that there -- because of in various markets, simply in Texas, and the demand on cement, there is pressure to have a larger increase this year than last year. I don't think that same dynamic is in play in the New York markets. We are basically done with California. And I would say our increases there are similar. So our portfolio is so broad and we negotiate with so many different vendors, it's hard to give one clear answer. Because as you know, we are a regional-based business and each region has its own market characteristics and supply chain dynamics. So I don't like to jump around or avoid this question, but it is much more complex than just a simple, yes, demand is up, so prices are going up. I think we're going to be -- we are happy with where we are coming out. We anticipate a good outcome for us and a fair one for the cement producers, where demand is up. But I'm fully confident in our ability to pass it on.
William J. Sandbrook: No, I think we've significantly focused on our Aggregate operating segment over the last couple of years since I've been here. And this is a culmination of that focus, both in better and lower-cost operations, in prospecting for new customers with the products that we don't self-consume and a very vibrant market for sand in the Dallas/Fort Worth and Northern Texas market. The combination of all the above allowed that outperformance. There is no one specific contract that bumped that up. No one big road project or anything of that nature. We're very happy with the performance of our Aggregate business and are very optimistic to continue this improving trend in our Ag segment.
William J. Sandbrook: Matt, do you want to take that? It's not in the inventory, John, it's in the receivables and payables. But Matt, you can elaborate on that.
William J. Sandbrook: Okay. Thank you, Karen. Thank you, everyone, for participating in the call this morning and for your support of U.S. Concrete. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2014 results with you in May. Thank you.
