Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you, Melissa. And before I begin, Deb is back and we are happy to have her back if she has a few words.
Carol Meyrowitz: Joining me Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. I will begin by saying that I am extremely pleased with our second quarter results and continued strong momentum. On an adjusted basis earnings per share increased 7% above last year which well exceeded our plan. Consolidated comp store sales grew 6% all well above our expectations and over a 3% increase last year. The comp was driven entirely by customer traffic. This marks the third consecutive quarter, the traffic was primary driver and the fifth consecutive quarter that we have seen a sequential improvement in customer traffic. At Marmaxx, we continued our strategy of adjusting our pricing and merchandise mix to offer consumers the best assortment and values in the marketplace. While this led to a lower average ticket, our strategy is clearly working as we saw enormous increases in traffic and units sold. Importantly, we were very pleased with the increase in Marmaxx’s merchandise margin despite the lower average ticket. We plan to continue the strategy in the back half and are convinced that this near-term decision will benefit our business in the medium and long-term by driving traffic and market gain shares. In terms of our other businesses, it was great to see HomeGoods and our International divisions making such significant contributions to our consolidated comp performance as we continue to expand both our U.S. and international presence. This bodes extremely well for our future growth. We are proud of our strong sales, traffic increases and merchandise margins, which are fundamental to being a successful retail business. We entered the back half of the year in an excellent inventory position with many new exciting opportunities. The third quarter is off to a solid start and our focus remains on continuing to drive customer traffic at all divisions. We are confident we will achieve our goals. And as always, we will strive to surpass them. Going forward, we see many opportunities to capitalize on our U.S. and international presence as we continue on the road to becoming a $40 billion plus global value retailer. So, before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, our merchandise margins, again, if you are just talking straight merchandise margins, Matt, you have to be a little bit clearer, because obviously, FX change...
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. I mean, we have said, every year, we try to increase our margins, but we are not going to sit here and say years from now, our margin is going to go up X percent. We run our business very well. Obviously, the future is without FX hitting us, pension, other elements should be positive. Our average retail is starting to flatten out as of next year. So, we see some of those negative things obviously turning into a positive, but we run our business everyday on the best value we can give the consumer and we always strive to increase our margins and leverage our business.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I mean, we go into countries and we build brands and we are constantly increasing our number of vendors in every single country. I think what we have learned prior to going into Germany is to really investigate country for a long period of time before we go in. So, you tread lightly, you are camping, you really understand the mix of the customer, and every single country is very, very different. So, you have to take a long time to study each country before you go in. So, we have lots of learnings. And now we have obviously expanded into many new countries a little bit quicker, but we did a lot of homework before.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, I mean, we are constantly moving on mix, I mean, that’s the beauty of the model that we look at every single category. It’s within the category that we will look. It’s looking at where we want to put our dollars. So every year, we look at where we can improve and how we can give the best value to the customer. I think we are just very, very excited about the increase in traffic. And that continues over many, many quarters. So, we feel like we are really – this is the right strategy for us.
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly, I can answer that by saying it’s really business as usual. Ernie, the team, we all look at why, what we can improve upon, look at the mix we shifted, I mean this is our model. So there is no great surprise here. This is how we do business. We look at the market and then we trend the business where we want to go after it. And we have one mission, give extreme value. So the team pulled together and I think we made some great decisions. But we always look at opportunities. We see more opportunities for next year, that’s how we look at our business.
Carol Meyrowitz: Probably not, we will probably start to flatten out maybe a little bit into the first quarter and then flatten out.
Carol Meyrowitz: The other piece that we haven’t really talked about is the more we become global, our choices and our mix is from all over the world. So we are able to really leverage buying in Europe using the dollar appropriately where we need to, but we get much more eclectic and much more differentiated. So all of those elements are pulled together in our mix and we are very, very integrated as a total company today and every year we get better and better at that. And we get better and better leveraging it.
Carol Meyrowitz: Not at all, as a matter of fact we have some European goods that everybody was onboard with that are just spectacular. And we are going to be hopefully blowing everybody away with our gift-giving because we really have gift-giving from around the world. It’s an international offering this year that we are just so excited about, it’s a fine business.
Carol Meyrowitz: Mike, I am going to answer this question in the way I always answer it and that is there is – we could never ever buy the quantity of goods that are out there and that every single week, we have to hold our people back. That has never changed and it never will change. Secondly, we will always keep our distance from where the departments are and our values. That is the beauty of the model. It’s the beauty of the business, the beauty of the flexibility. So it’s every year something happens whether they have more inventory, less inventory, it really doesn’t matter, we just have to give outrageous value.
Carol Meyrowitz: Not really, we are just offering we think is absolute, it’s a combination of the mix, what we are offering the customer which is really absolutely wonderful and in some places that’s not it’s European, it’s special, it’s brands, it’s everything.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Well, I think I am not going to elaborate where our spend is slightly up. We have some new campaigns that are going to be very, very exciting. We have new social media. We are still hitting on all cylinders. So it’s going to be very exciting. And our tri-branding and our gift-giving is going to be pretty big this year. More importantly, we are really starting to leverage our marketing across, again across all of our countries so that we can really take the best of the best and leverage it. So we are pretty excited about the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, Oliver, we don’t telegraph our pricing, the customer walks in and clearly they like it, because our units are up. That’s really the answer to that, that they are very excited about it. In terms of our gift giving, every single year, we strive to be better and I keep coming back to the word global, because when you have access to so many countries and you can see even food from different countries, it becomes very, very special. And every year, we look at what we did the year before and we look at how we can do that even better. And this is the continuation of building the foundation of the total corporation, years of training, years of working together. The communication between all the divisions is the strongest it’s ever been. And that really leads to a very, very exciting mix for all countries. And that’s how we just – every year, we raised the bar that way.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Rich, I will answer your last question, because I am not going to answer your first one. Sierra Trading is going to be in Burlington, Vermont and we are pretty excited about it. Our e-commerce business, we haven’t broken it out, I can tell you that we are gaining new customers. We have still a lot of steps to look at, but we believe that the differentiation strategy is working well and we are very pleased with what we are seeing. And as you can see, our comps do not include e-commerce, but we believe slow and steady wins the raise and we continue to learn a lot, but we are very pleased.
Carol Meyrowitz: Bob, we don’t specifically talk about specific categories. Again, I am going to come back to the business model, because a lot of you have asked about even our average ticket. You have to come back to remembering how close to needs, we buy. So, when we laid out the second quarter and our average ticket, we are buying so close that you can’t plan everything. We are making assumptions, but that’s again the beauty of the model. So, we don’t specifically comment, because if a category isn’t hot, we are going to switch. And if it is, we are going to go for it, but we think we have a very good insight to what we think is going to drive the back half and we are excited about it.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Dana, we like what we see with our remodels. As far as real estate availability, what’s probably the most exciting is the number of countries that we have to choose from. So, we did, I mean, what was 182 stores…
Carol Meyrowitz: Dana, what is interesting is I am sure some of you are out in the Hampton, so we have a HomeGoods there that’s 13,000 square feet, which is doing extremely well. So, we are finding smaller boxes and bigger boxes all work for us. We are still planning to continue our 4% to 5% store growth and take every opportunity. And now that obviously we are in more countries, we are going to take every deal that makes sense, but we have more to choose from, which is very exciting to us.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. So next year will definitely be up and the following year it will be less so and that’s how we are planning it. But obviously, as I said before have other hopefully opportunities between pension and foreign exchange and ticket flattening out.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it’s just a continuation of leveraging and doing the best job we can. I mean, we try to plan fairly flat and then we try to beat it. But it all comes down to giving great value to the customer. But in our plans, we tend to be fairly flat.
Carol Meyrowitz: We are seeing a slight positive in terms of turnover. I mean it’s early on and we will see what happens over time. But along with that is we just worked very, very hard on building our culture and being a company of choice. So it all comes together. We try to work very hard to train. As we have growth in the company, there is lots of opportunities for people and we try to make it an exciting place to work. So I can’t tell you if our turnover is better because of that, because of wage, but I think it’s a combination of everything. We just strive to do a better job every year.
Carol Meyrowitz: Not really. I mean we look at back-to-school, we just dip fresh merchandise everyday and we don’t get caught up on a specific day. So we don’t really see that having any impact.
Carol Meyrowitz: We don’t really have anything new. We just know that we are gaining customers and our rewards access program is definitely increasing.
Carol Meyrowitz: Now, I am just going to give you like a quick overview and then I am going to hand it over to Ernie to see what’s just down there took that lovely trip. First of all, we are really excited about it. We are going to move slowly. So whenever we look at something, we say we are going to evaluate the name, we are going to evaluate, do we remodel. But the first priority is to make sure that we have a wonderful mix and we will do a lot of customer surveys and we will go slowly. So that’s going to be our primary goal here initially. So, Ernie, you want to – he is really excited when he came back which I was very happy about.
Carol Meyrowitz: Actually, we have one of our top merchants from Canada going down, a team that Ernie is heading down there is spectacular, it’s going to report into our head of Europe, Michael MacMillan and there are some very young fabulous A players also going down and I think Ernie was very, very impressed with the team down there that was running the business. That is going to stay intact.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, thanks everybody and we look forward to coming back to you on third quarter. Thank you. Thanks, Melissa.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol and good morning everyone. As Carol mentioned, our second quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 6% well above our plan. I would like to remind you that our comp sales exclude e-commerce. Again, we are very pleased that our comps were entirely driven by customer traffic and was up significantly at each of our divisions. It was also great to see a strong increase in our units sold. I want to note that the decrease in average ticket was as we had planned it and was essentially in line with the first quarter. To underscore Carol’s point, we are confident that our strategies are helping us to grow our customer base. Diluted earnings per share were $0.80 a 7% increase over last year’s adjusted $0.75 and well above our plan. Our second quarter EPS growth was negatively impacted by about 5% due to the combination of foreign currency, transactional foreign exchange, our wage initiative, incremental investments and pension costs. I should note that the negative impact from foreign exchange was less than we expected. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12%, down 30 basis points versus the prior year’s adjusted margin and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 29.1%, up 50 basis points versus last year, primarily due to a strong buying and occupancy leverage on the 6% comp. Overall, merchandise margins were flat despite a negative impact from transactional foreign exchange at our international divisions and increased cost associated with moving more units through our supply chain. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales, was 16.9%, up 70 basis points versus last year’s ratio and better than we planned. This increase was primarily due to a combination of our wage initiative, incremental investments to support our growth and pension costs as we had anticipated, as well as a contribution to the TJX Foundation.  At the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were up 4% on a constant currency basis. We are set up extremely well to flow fresh goods to our stores throughout the back half of the year. In terms of share repurchases, during the second quarter, we bought back $440 million of TJX stock, retiring 6.6 million shares. For the first half of the year, we have retired 12.7 million shares, buying back $855 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.8 million to $1.9 billion of TJX stock this year. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I will recap our third quarter and full year fiscal ‘16 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to fiscal ‘16 guidance beginning with Q3, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.80 to $0.82 versus last year’s $0.85 per share. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of about 8% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange, which has doubled what we originally planned due to the continued decline in the Canadian dollar. Our plans also continue to reflect the 5% negative impact to EPS due to our wage initiative, incremental investments to support our growth and pension cost. I want to note this guidance also reflects our plans for a lower average ticket at Marmaxx as Carol mentioned, as well as the related costs associated with moving additional units to our supply chain that were not contemplated in our original plans. We are modeling third quarter consolidated sales in the $7.6 billion to $7.7 billion range. This guidance assumes a 3% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. With our strong momentum in the first half of the year, we are raising our comp store sales growth guidance for the third quarter. We are now assuming comp growth in the 2% to 3% range both on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx versus our original plan of 1% to 2% growth. Third quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned an 11.4% to 11.6% range versus 13.0% last year. We are anticipating third quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.7% versus 29.4% last year. This assumes foreign currency pressure and additional supply chain costs. Despite these headwinds, we expect underlying merchandise margins to remain healthy. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 16.9% to 17.0% range versus 16.2% last year, primarily due to our wage initiative, as well as our incremental investments. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 37.5% and net interest expense of about $12 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $680 million. Now, moving on to full year guidance, as we noted in our press release today, we are raising our full year diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.01 on the high end. We now expect fiscal ‘16 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.24 to $3.28 over $3.15 in fiscal ‘15. Excluding last year’s debt extinguishment charge, fiscal ‘16 expected EPS would be in the 3% to 4% over the prior year’s adjusted $3.16. This EPS raise reflects the incremental benefit from our strong second quarter and our raised assumption for second half comp growth. This is being largely offset by expected additional foreign exchange headwinds and higher supply chain costs for the back half of the year. As a reminder, our plans reflect the impact of several items detailed in our press release that we are assuming will negatively impact our fiscal ‘16 EPS growth by about 9%. We are also increasing our full year comp store sales guidance to reflect our strong second quarter results and raise expectations for the back half. We now expect a comp increase of 3% to 4% on a consolidated basis and a comp increase of 3% at Marmaxx. For the year, we expect pre-tax profit margin to be 11.7% versus last year’s adjusted 12.3% in fiscal ‘15. We are anticipating gross profit margin to be approximately 28.5%, which would be flat versus fiscal ‘15. We are planning for a slight increase in merchandise margins. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.7% versus 16.1% last year. Our full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS of $0.96 to $0.98 compared to $0.93 last year. This guidance also reflects our raised assumption for fourth quarter consolidated comp sales growth of 2% to 3%. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Finally, it’s important to remember our guidance for the remainder of this year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the third quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Well, once you have set your plans like right now of just when we gave guidance for the second quarter, we built in the average ticket. I mean, we hit the cost that we had for the average ticket, the supply chain costs we are right on. For the third and fourth quarter, now that we have built that incremental cost on for every additional comp that we would get. Per quarter, it’s approximately $0.02 and we would get a flow-through of about 20 basis points to the pre-tax margin on that. And that’s generally been there. So, once you have absorbed these – put these costs in, we will still get the benefit. The average ticket was because you had to put it across all of the units on an incremental basis, we would flow through close to what we would always have flown through. In terms of the wage and all that, again, all the incremental investments have come in both for the first half of the year as we had planned and we have no fundamental changes on incremental investments. And the only thing we are aware of right now going forward is the wage initiative, the wage costs. Other than that, as Carol mentioned, FX is too early to make a call whether it will have a positive or negative impact on next year.
Scott Goldenberg: I think you are – again, it’s approximately half of that. It would be the wages and the rest would be the incremental investments that we called out in the new country expansion, the incremental PCI costs. So yes, that’s exactly right in terms of the SG&A. So, no changes to the back half in the SG&A other than the change in the additional supply chain costs.
Scott Goldenberg: Mike, I would also jump in and say and Carol referred to this earlier, is the model kind of works this out for us and that if the market gets promotional or if things start to back up with inventories at the other stores, it leads us to automatically ending up at better value. It might be a delay of a few weeks, but pretty much we end up with better value, only because of the supply situation in the market. So I think when Carol said earlier, that that’s kind of just the way we work it, that’s kind of a plus for this as well.
Scott Goldenberg: No, not really. And it’s just slightly up from where it was last year, but effectively the composition is very similar.
Scott Goldenberg: That was in the context that the supply chain impact was not reflected in the third and fourth quarter or back half in the gross margin and lesser extent in the SG&A. So, now it’s reflected. It was not reflected in the previous guidance. And talking about just previous guidance, I haven’t updated the full year guidance. So, I am just going to take a moment now to go through the full year updated guidance by division. Marmaxx comps are three, at the low and the high. The segment margin and all the numbers I am going to be going through right now, excluding FX impact, are 14.0% to 14.1% versus last year’s 14.6% on a sales volume of $19.7 billion to $19.8 billion. HomeGoods post – now the comp is 5% to 6%. Segment margin is 13.5% to 13.6% versus last year’s 13.6% on volume of $3.8 billion; Canada, 6% to 7% comp, 13% to 13.1%, again, this is ex-FX versus 13.5% last year and down 50 to down 40, so quite a bit of a change on both in increasing comp and improvement in the segment margin from the last time on Canada on $2.8 billion in sales; and Europe, 3% to 4%, 7.7% to 7.8% on segment margin, again, ex-FX against last year’s 8% down 30% to down 20%. And as we called out in the call, 40 basis points down ex-FX similar to our last guidance that we gave at the end of the last second quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: Our costs per healthcare have been pretty much in line with our plans. So, we built whatever increases that we do that were legislative, but no very much in line.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, we think Europe, especially, Dana given the other countries that we are going into as well as in the current – like in Germany we feel like there is more opportunity to do more stores over the next couple of years. So, we are pretty bullish there. We are filling domestically. We will continue to probably be about where we have been on the store count. And in terms of I think you also asked about size of box. We are not seeing any major change there. I think we take that location by location. So, we do adjust as we go into more stores, we do adjust based on the location the size of the box, but there is no current plan to really play with that in a major way. So, hopefully that answers that question.
Scott Goldenberg: Approximately half was due to the contribution to the foundation, so that made up the largest component of it. And then the other components were some of them related to our incremental investment costs, systems, pension, we have had better than planned incentive accruals. And so that made – those were the large categories that made up the rest and then some normal growth in the base corporate expense that you would expect. No large increases planned for the back half of the year in terms of corporate expense for either the third or the fourth quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: I would say actually, less of that is about the target pulling out. It’s a little bit of execution, I would say. And in certain categories, we did a better job of executing. And then we have also had the benefit of the – in reverse the weaker dollar has really helped the cross-border situation, less consumers in Canada are obviously crossing back to the U.S. and you might have a little bit of vice versa from U.S. going more to Canada. So I think that’s been a piece that is actually helping our Canadian business. I would say the bulk of it though is better execution in terms of first of all they have done a great job on mitigating as much of the exchange situation as they can. I give our team up there a lot of credit for that. And secondly, they are going after really aggressively looking at the values of where they are versus all of the other retailers there. And that would have applied whether target was there are not. I think that team has done an outstanding job on that front. So I would say that is the bulk of the reason why the business has been so healthy there.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Omar it’s kind a combination of multiple things, first a little bit of pockets where we did buy better on specific items, that’s just one piece though. We have had a shift of because some departments trend differently, so we have had a shift in department, I mean mix of departments within the total. And then really, the last part is the balancing the mix is within the departments, within the actual departments. So we could have changed from one vendor to another vendor, not necessarily bought it better. So I would tell you it’s not one issue at a time, it’s all of those things.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Marni, very exciting market for us, as you can imagine I think culturally it’s a pretty seamless entry for us. Carol mentioned earlier, by the way we have an Australian buying office that’s been there for about 5 years. And so we already had some knowledge going in. The organization that’s there with Trade Secret, the store format that you are asking about, we will definitely remodel some of them. I would tell you some of them don’t need much remodeling, so it’s a bit of a mix. So, it will vary location by location and a bit by the different markets that they are in. And two of the major ones are obviously Sydney and Melbourne. So, we are going to kind of look at those as a strategy by market. The sizing of the boxes are very – they are probably the appropriate size actually given the size of their business and how much volume they do out of each box. I think we are going to look, obviously, step-by-step like how is it at the branding of it, etcetera, how we fold it more into the way we do business. But the number one priority, again to reiterate what Carol said is the merchandise mix, because that’s still a place that we operate differently, more differently probably than they do currently, although they have done a very nice job on what they have done to-date. And so it’s been a great partnership already in terms of working together to see where we are going to take it from here and we are just excited about the opportunity.
Ernie Herrman: What we are going to do was for a time period. They will be a little involved in the current management, merchant team and operators are going to be involved on an ongoing basis, but really, over time, by the way, our intention is to keep it very, very young and vibrant. It’s a growth business, the young business. So, we feel like we are at the right time and they have been terrific.
