Carol Meyrowitz: Good morning. Joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman and Jeff Naylor. Let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with our second quarter results as our 23% adjusted EPS growth significantly exceeded our original guidance. This also marks the sixth consecutive year of second quarter EPS increases of 20% or greater. Our 4% overall comp sales increase was also ahead of plan, representing the sixth consecutive year that comp store sales have grown 3% or higher in the second quarter. It is very important to note that we continue to achieve these strong results year after year in both good economic times and weak ones, which speaks to the consistency of our business model and our ability to sustain top and bottom line growth through all types of cycles. Customer traffic continues to be up over significant increases last year, which tells us that our value continues to be as important as ever to the consumer.  Before I begin, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap the second quarter results.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, first of all, I'm hoping today, it's not much different than any other day. There is plenty of goods out there, and there always is. So we don't see a big difference. We're targeting the categories that we believe are really going to drive the business. So we're always -- there's always a plentiful marketplace, and we are keeping our guys home. And we do see a lot of opportunities. But I think it's going to be a strong back half, but we're always seeing that. It's not a big change from the past.
Carol Meyrowitz: Right. Brian for the second quarter, our gross margins were flat. In the America businesses, they were slightly up. In terms of going forward, in terms of opportunities for gross margin, Southern Europe is...
Carol Meyrowitz: Brian, we're under -- we're always under 10%. So it really doesn't have a major effect on our business either way.
Carol Meyrowitz: Right. Well, Adrianne, I think we're planning our business appropriately, conservatively. We're looking at 3 -- 2-, 3-, and 4-year comps. Having said that, I sort of alluded to I'm pretty excited about our marketing plans. And as our stores continue to get remodeled, I think the customer experience gets better and better. But it just keeps coming back to how we execute. And as we just keep raising the bar and the level and the fashion and the value of our products, that's how we're going to build our business. And that's what we believe in. So you know our long-term goal is to get to be a $40 billion company. And I think that's the way we do it. It's detailed, vigilant and constantly upgrading our mix and getting better.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Again, it really comes back to being prudent in terms of the way we plan our business and to -- just looking at the 3- and 4-year comp history. And again, coming back to just planning our business and hopefully beating it. And that's our goal.
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly, I think the key is we keep learning and we keep increasing the Marmaxx count. So we're today, we're very comfortably at 2,300 to 2,400 stores, which again, is very different from a year ago and hopefully, we'll exist in a year from now and we'll see more opportunity. But we're pretty excited about the Marmaxx chain.
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean, HomeGoods business is very, very strong. Their traffic is up and their inventories are very, very lean. And if you look at the profitability, it's basically 100% the combination of A.J.'s and a slight uptick in advertising. So we feel very, very good about HomeGoods in the back half. We're planning it, I think, appropriately. If you look at, again, a 3 and a 4, even a 2-year comp comparison, we're up against very, very aggressive numbers. But I'm loving the mix, and I feel very, very good about this business in the back half. So the mix in terms of getting the margins to LY and better was strictly those 2 issues, very solid business.
Carol Meyrowitz: We don't really talk to the different market in the U.K. I can tell you that we had a couple of days with the rioting, and we're back on track. But we don't really break out by regions.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. In terms of our cost reduction, we're very much on track through the total year. We're actually looking at what our initiatives for next year and trying to put that together because we still think there is opportunity, and we're going to keep doing this every single year. So we're very much on track for the year. And in terms of Canada, I'm going to have Ernie talk to that. We were both up there recently, and we are pretty excited about Marshalls and a couple of areas that he may want to talk about.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. We're running it internally, and actually, it's helping us learn to launch in the U.S. in the future. So we're getting a lot of information from it, but we're keeping it small and tight.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, Europe -- first of all, Europe was very much where we thought it would be. And we're going to continue to see progress. So we're not surprised. As a matter of fact, going from where we went from first quarter to second quarter on a flat comp, we're pretty comfortable. And I think we're on our way to seeing better turns and on our way to start comping at a positive zone, which will read extremely well. We're also planning the back half, yes, fast improvement against a year ago certainly. But we're sort of trying to take it halfway and build. We still believe that it's going to continue to build and accelerate, and be a very, very strong business for us. So we're just, again, planning it conservatively. In terms of pricing, Stacy, I mean, we are -- again, we're in the mode of keeping our guidance back. There are a lot of goods out there. There is tremendous value that we think we can bring to the customer whenever there's volatility and it seems like every single year, there's something else going on. I think everybody knows about the cotton prices. The numbers are crazy. They accelerated beyond belief. And now, I think there's something like 50-something percent less than they were when it all started to hike up. So it's going to be very, very interesting. We love our value and what we did with cotton, cashmere, we think we are a tremendous value to our customer. And we're sticking to that. So we think we're going to have an exciting back half. But when things are all over the place, we love it.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, say, what we did was we strategically are keeping our inventory, our in-store inventory very, very lean. Our clearance is way below last year. We're turning faster than last year. We're going to start to slow our packaways, not currently, but very shortly and we're in a great position going forward. But we are keeping our inventories very lean starting this season. And I think it's going to bode very well for us.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. I mean, the merchandise margins, we are continuing to reduce our in-store inventories. At the end of the year, we will probably be flat in total inventory. Packaways will probably be equivalent to last year or slightly up, but we talked about it a lot. We are investing in our supply chain and a lot of our cost initiatives are -- we're doing so that we can reinvest that money. We're very, very far from really shipping the right goods to the right store at the right time. We still do quite a bit manually. So this is going to be a year-over-year process. It's probably going to take us 2 to 3 years to get through to where we want us to be. But our intent is to reduce our in-store inventories each year slightly, quickening the turn. So it's a combination of that. And obviously, the buying environment, and that changes all the time. So all of that allows us to feel like we can sustain and, hopefully, increase our margins.
Carol Meyrowitz: In terms of e-commerce, and we are -- we have no set date. We want to do it right, so that a few times, we want to make money. We are absolutely hiring top talents and getting them involved in our business. And that's part of our bench and part of our cost that we are setting aside. We -- our intention is to really maximize both the brick and mortar and the Internet business and e-commerce to the future. So we're feeling pretty good about it. And again, we're not ready to say when our date is, but we're building the team. And our intent is to do it right.
Carol Meyrowitz: We are doing a lot of -- again, in the back half, we are shipping a lot of dollars to social networking. I think we're being very smart on how we're handling our marketing dollars, and we're learning a lot about that. So the marriage, again, between the future of where we see the Internet and our business is going to be a combination of various things that we're doing to drive both parties. So we're pretty excited about it.
Carol Meyrowitz: Again, we always do packaways more than 10%, but we'll see. I mean, it could be 5%, it could be 10%. That will be the difference in the year end.
Carol Meyrowitz: No, our mark on is pretty much -- pretty flat, pretty similar to where we planned it. And we see opportunity in mark downs. We'll see how the back half goes. But you got to remember that we're far from being bought up in the back half. So we've got a long way to go.
Carol Meyrowitz: No. It's flat in terms of percent, slightly up in dollars but much, much greater penetration. We have a completely different -- not a completely, but a different strategy from last year. So you're going to see it a lot more on TV, and we're pretty excited about it.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everyone. So I'm going to just run through the numbers here. Net sales reached $5.5 billion for the quarter, that's an 8% increase over last year. And second quarter consolidated comp store sales were up 4%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.90. That compares to last year's reported $0.74 per share. However, last year's results included a benefit of $0.01 per share from an item impacting comparability. So if we exclude that benefit, diluted EPS in the second quarter was up 23% over last year's adjusted $0.73. This year's results include a $0.03 benefit from foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to mark-to-market adjustments on our inventory-related hedges. So excluding this impact, the underlying growth would be slightly lower than the numbers implied, but still very strong. As a reminder, our guidance contemplated this impact.  Consolidated pretax profit margin for the quarter was 10.2%. That's above our original guidance and up 60 basis points on an adjusted basis over the prior year. The increase was driven by improved gross profit margin, partially offset by very slightly leverage in SG&A expense, which has been expected. Currency contributed 10 basis points of the increase. The gross profit margin improved 70 basis points versus last year, primarily due to buying and occupancy expense leverage, as well as the positive impact of mark-to-market adjustments on our inventory-related hedges. Merchandise margins were flat for the company against large increases the past 3 years, but merchandise markets are actually up approximately 10 to 20 basis points in our North American business. SG&A expense was up 10 basis points over prior year, which was better than we had guided on our first quarter call, with the increase entirely due to higher advertising expense.  Now you may recall that we expected SG&A to deleverage in the first half of the year, primarily due to the timing of certain expense items as we absorb certain costs from A.J. Wright and our other businesses, as well as deleverage from Europe. At the time, we said that these factors would moderate as we move through the year, which is exactly what we saw in the second quarter. We continue to expect SG&A rates to be up very slightly for the year on a 2% to 3% planned comp. As to inventories, at the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventory on a per store basis, including the warehouses, increased 16%, up 15% on a constant-currency basis, and that's versus a 13% decrease last year. As we've discussed on prior calls, we really have been talking about all spring, this increase is primarily due to our having selectively taken advantage of much larger quantities of end-of-season branded packaway product compared with very low quantities in the prior year. And this packaway product doesn't start flowing to the stores until the third quarter. It's important to note that the overall increase is purely a timing issue as our forward purchase commitments for the back half are significantly lower than at this time last year. Additionally, the increase in inventory is all in our distribution centers. Our store inventories remain down versus prior year and are turning more quickly. Therefore, we feel like we're in an excellent position to capitalize on the opportunities we're currently seeing and believe we will continue to see in the marketplace. In terms of shareholder distributions, we retired 5.9 million shares, buying back $311 million worth of TJX stock during the quarter. Year-to-date, we have retired 13.1 million shares, buying back $673 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back approximately $1.2 billion worth of TJX stock this year. Now let me turn the call back to Carol. I'll provide details about our third quarter guidance and recap our guidance for the full year at the end of the call.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I mean I think it depends. So I think Brian's question was probably talking to beyond this year. But I think if you look at the balance of this year, we would see the merchandise margins again up slightly with most of the opportunity coming from Europe, who had a 370 basis point decline in the gross profit margin and the merchandise margin last year, Brian. So I think there's a big opportunity to make up ground there. And all the other businesses we've planned essentially flat in the back half. And I think as we look out beyond that, we think there's continued opportunities for margin improvement. It -- I think it comes from investing in supply chains and systems that allow us to turn our inventories faster, get the right inventory to the right stores. But I would tell you, we have not put any gross margin improvement in our long-range model as we look at the 3-year model that we share at investor conferences and talk about in our one-on-one marketing meetings. There's really no gross margin further improvement baked in there. That said, we think there is opportunity to turn our inventories faster and to drive -- it drives further improvement. It's going to take some improvement in the supply chain and some investments.
Jeffrey Naylor: Well, we have a significantly lower level. I think what you're referring to is that -- the competitor you're referring to, when they cap it -- when they have inventory increases, there's cost that gets capitalized in the inventory. As inventories get reduced, those costs flow through. For us, packaway is such a lower percentage of our business that it doesn't really register on our P&L.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I think, Adrianne, we look at the comps back. So I think if you look on a 2-year basis, you would say it's a very, very conservative plan. If you look on a 3- and 4-year basis, you would say that the numbers we have in for the back half really wind up with those trends. So It really depends. Are you -- does the business behave on more of a 2-year basis, or does it behave more on a 3- to 4-year basis? We're going to find out. But we think the prudent way to look at it is that -- look at that 3-year comps back and plan it that way. And if look -- if you do the numbers, you'll see that Q3 and Q4 really line up with the Q1 and Q2 trends. I said if you look on a 2-year basis, you'd say there's opportunity. I guess we'll find out. We're well positioned for it. We're very, very flexible. You heard Carol saying it's the level of commitment for inventory commitments this year is less than it was last year. So we've got a lot of open to buy and flexibility to chase, which is exciting.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, it's a relatively small piece, obviously, of the overall estate. And for that reason, we're not -- there's been a lot of interest that the investing public has had in the store economics for the stores, looking at average sales and contribution margins, et cetera. I guess all I can say is that we're pleased with what we're seeing. We don't really want to break out the economics for these stores separately given that it's a small piece of the overall estate. But we think there's clearly an opportunity there that's why we took the Marmaxx potential up to 2,300 to 2,400. We have seen productive productivity in all of our new stores, not just the A.J. Wright stores. It's interesting that over the last several years, our stores have consistently beat the pro forma models that we have, and then at or slightly under the level of cannibalization that we projected. So we've had a very successful new store program. I think that's what you're seeing. But again, we opened a lot of new stores. I don't want to get into sort of isolating this small segment.
Jeffrey Naylor: I think it was up slightly in the quarter, Kimberly, but the units per transaction were a bigger driver of the basket.
Jeffrey Naylor: I just want to be clear here on the facts. So HomeGoods in the first quarter, it was a 6 on a 15, on a minus 1 if you look over 3. It's like 20%, 3 year. And in the second quarter, it was 3 on an 8 on a 9, which is the same. It's the identical trend if you're looking on a 3-year basis. And then, as we look at the back half, we're guiding you at 2 to 3 on top of a 2, on top of a 15, which is that same 20% 3 year stack. So the way we look at it, we think that the trend is entirely consistent in the back half, which we saw in the second quarter, which is entirely consistent with what we saw in the first quarter.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. I think as you look at the assumptions for Europe for the back half, it's pretty -- it's largely unchanged. We had -- we're still planning at 2 to 4 comps on top of the minus 4. So that hasn't changed. In terms of the profit margin, the reported profit margin would be 6.9% to 7.4% in the back half. But that would include a currency impact. And if you back out the currency impact, it would be up 7 4 to 7 9, so it's about 50 basis point impact there on the -- from currency. So adjusted for currency, 7 4 to 7 9. So it's really largely unchanged. I think the thing we would say is, as you think about the conservatism or aggressiveness of it, we've got a 2 to 4 on top of a minus 4. So on a 2-year stack basis, that's flat to down 2. That same 2-year stack for June and July ran down 3 and for Q2 it ran down 4. So there's a slight improvement that's baked into the comp expectations. And on the bottom line, we had a 370 basis point gross margin hit in Europe last year, and we're assuming we get back a little bit less than half of it this year. So I think we're being appropriately prudent. And I think as it relates to the Internet, not in the motive, that's not a big contribution, and it's not a big hit. It's -- we're really in the mode there of testing, of learning, experimenting, and learning what we can. So it's not a big operation at this point, but it's also not having a negative impact on profits.
Jeffrey Naylor: Just because we're running it internally, the one piece that is outsourced is the platform. We haven't developed our own technology platform. We're using a third-party for that.
Jeffrey Naylor: Dan, I think in terms of August, our guidance at this point in time would reflect -- obviously, we put our guidance based on what we're seeing with our business. As Carol mentioned, we are managing inventories very conservatively in-store and trying to turn them so that we start to see them leaner. And as we put ourselves in the position to chase in terms of having lower levels and forward commitments. So that's how we're thinking about in managing the business. The other color I'll give you is August is the more -- most challenging comparison versus -- comparisons get easier as we move through September and October in the quarter.
Jeffrey Naylor: We expect we'll end of the year with $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet, which is -- that's the number that we gave you at the beginning of the year, and that's the number we still feel very comfortable with.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. So the back half, always take it by division. So Marmaxx's for the back half is a 1% to 2% comp store increase. On that, we have segment profit margin at essentially flat. At HomeGoods, a 2% to 3% comp increase, segment profit margin anywhere from down 10 to plus 20 basis points. So for both Marmaxx and HomeGoods, really the segment profit lines up with the -- what we've expected with the comp range. TJX Canada, we're 0 to 1% on the comp. The segment -- the margin we would report is 70 to 80 basis points down. Excluding FX, it's down 160 to 170, that's year-to-date. We are down 120, so there's a little bit more baked in, but we're up against very strong comparisons in Canada, so we're being a little bit conservative on those numbers. TJX Europe, we have a 2 to 4 comp and we have segment profit margin up 220 to 270. On a reported basis, you just strip out foreign exchange, it's up 270 to 320. And again, as a reminder, we had a 370 basis point reduction in our merchandise margins last year. And we're assuming that we get a little bit less than half of that back plus leverage on a forward comp at the high end. So that's how you kind of -- the numbers kind of work there. And for the total company, we've got -- for the back half, I've already given you the EPS numbers. We've got an 11 -- where on sales, we've got $12.3 billion to $12.5 billion. And we've got a pretax margin that's up 20 to 40 basis points. And that's primarily driven by the gross profit margin. G&A is planned flat to 10 basis points of leverage. The balance of that, the 20 to 40 basis point improvement on the bottom line, is gross profit.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. As we look at the end of the year, we think on a per store basis, flat to slightly up. It really depends on the quantity of the packaways that we have at year end, which is somewhat difficult to predict and really depends on the environment we see as we close out the year.
Jeffrey Naylor: We said, as a company, it's planned flat up in the back half. Clearly, we should get a big lift at Europe so that it would say that essentially, our other divisions in aggregate are planned essentially flat, Paul. So in terms of the second quarter, I think we've already broken it out pretty well. I mean, the -- We've got merchandise margins for the quarter that was flat. And we said, it's up roughly 10 basis points -- in a 10 to 20 basis point range for our North American businesses. So I think that's all the guidance we really want to provide at this point in time.
Jeffrey Naylor: No, that's all excluding the mark-to-market. So the mark-to-market -- so if you look at the gross profit margin, we've got buying and occupancy leverage. You've got the mark-to-market and then excluding the mark-to-market, the merchandise margins were full -- the pure merchandise margin was flat.
Jeffrey Naylor: No, you're up in both -- you're actually up in both places. You're up slightly in Canada, which again speaks to the way they manage the inventory. They manage the inventory very lean up there with commitment...
Jeffrey Naylor: On a negative 3 comp, to have a merge -- again, it speaks to the flexibility of our model and how, again, as Carol said, zig and zag and respond to opportunities and stay flexible. Not unlike what happened in the fourth quarter of 2008 where you had Armageddon and our merchandise margins were flat. It's the beauty of the model.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. As we've been talking about, as we've been talking about at the meeting with investors, it really is a function of kind of outgrowing the ability of the organization to support the growth, support the business. And whereas in Canada, that hasn't been the case. We've got a real experienced team up there, and we're confident that will -- can come back more quickly.
Ernie Herrman: Jennifer, I think Marshalls, we tried to -- again, this is something which has started a little while ago, so we do want to be too specific. We're bullish on the initial results. It looks good, so we're feeling good. I guess the way to sum it up is for an initial launch business, the way we opened it with a few stores and add another couple, we're happy with the way it's going. In terms of Winners overall, how does that compare? I think Carol mentioned a little bit earlier, we've had a couple of execution issues really centered around the ladies and kids businesses, and I think over the last few months, we're really happy with some of the content shifts we've seen there. I would tell you that I think we're a little shy on some of the fashion items that we could have been into a little bit better way in those areas. But we're really feeling better about it. Carol was just up there recently. We've been seeing some categories turning again better than they were in the past. So we're pretty feeling better about where we're heading about the Winners business, but we want to give a little time.
Ernie Herrman: It's actually a bit of a, I guess, you would call it a hybrid. So the teams are, in some ways, the same teams but sometimes we have some focusing being done on one or the other. Primarily, they're the same team, but we do, as with every business, have a specific differentiation categories that we go after. So a little bit earlier, I think, we discussed our shoe business is pretty strong in Marshalls. So again, we have some focus on shoes in Marshalls, that's a little bit different than shoes in Winners, albeit most of the team is the same team.
Ernie Herrman: Daniel, I'd just like to jump in on one thing on the goods. Some of these things become numbers discussions on the inventory levels, but I think the other thing that's been happening is the buyers have been doing an overall good job at getting the right goods at the right values. As Carol mentioned before, values has been key and top of mind. So obviously, turns have to be a function of the customer boding. They like the goods that are out there. So even if the inventories are lean, and they didn't like the goods, you wouldn't see the turns that we've been seeing. So I have to give our merchants actually, a fair amount of credit on really executing to good mixes. So I thought I'd throw that in.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, to Jeff's point, sometimes as we get to the year end and based on what happens with everything around us, those packaway numbers are a little bit unpredictable. But when they -- if they do end up there, it's a good thing because it's buys that we felt were the right branded value.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think a primary difference is, and we've talked about this before, in Europe, we grew probably too fast, all right? In Canada, we did not. So Canada's more of a short-term execution issue where we, I'd say, we took our eyes off the ball really in a couple of areas. In Europe, again, some of the infrastructure I'd call it was strained with the quick growth. So it takes a little bit longer to come out of that type of situation, I'd say at a high level, those have -- that's really the key difference between the with 2.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And with -- and I think we talked about a little bit earlier, in Canada, again, we've already seen a little bit of life in 2 of the areas that were actually a bit of a struggle for us fairly recently. So I think a quicker turn than we even experienced out of Europe, where some of the things did not happen as quickly all over there. Now again, we're seeing some improvements in categories that in Europe were slow prior. So we're feeling good also in Europe. And we're also looking at the availability of what's happening with key branded goods over there. And that's looking pretty good for us going forward. But very different, very different issues to -- that started the problem, so are the execution issues. And so different ways of coming out of it.
