Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry and good morning, again and joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. Let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with our 14% EPS growth in third quarter on top of 40% EPS growth last year. We drove this growth on a 1% comp increase over 7% increase last year demonstrating the power of our business model to deliver sustainable margins even at a lower level of comp. Our customer traffic was up over huge increases last year and we achieved these results despite average tickets still being slightly down. We continue to run the business with lower levels of inventory, which is driving faster inventory turns and stronger merchandise margin. We are very confident that this is sustainable. Further, we delivered these strong results despite unfavorable warm weather in September and October. We entered the fourth quarter with very lean inventories and even more open to buys for the quarter than we had at this time last year. This set us up extremely well to buy into the exciting opportunities we are currently seeing from great brands and fashions in the marketplace. I'll keep my comments brief today starting with the recap of our third quarter performance. First, I want to spend a moment on why we believe in the sustainability of our margin and how our supply chain improvements play into that. Next, although we are not going to get specific until our year-end call in February when we have finalized our plans, I will share with you some of our thinking about growth for next year. We continue to look for 5 to 6% square footage growth but currently plan to get there a little differently. I'll wrap up with our outlook and opportunities for the holidays and the fourth quarter. Before I continue let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap the numbers for the third quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Paul, what’s important with A.J.'s is now I want to see more consistency and so we're going to take it slow and we can afford to take it slow so I think we want to get, we want to see consistency quarter by quarter and then we'll start to accelerate. So we still believe in the same number of stores that we put out there but we will be conservative in terms of number of stores.
Carol Meyrowitz: Brian, let me answer your second question and then Jeff can go on to the Winners numbers. Everybody's hearing huge increases in cost and prices and everything else and we are moving from a slightly down ticket to a slightly up ticket, which is, we're certainly positive. We look at all of this as a positive because we're all about the consistency between us and everybody else out there. So we take the inflation piece again as a positive move for our business and what we need to do is just make sure that we're competitively priced correctly and we will be. So we see the effect in our business more of a positive than a negative.
Carol Meyrowitz: Actually Evren I'm very happy with the inventory strategy in Europe and it's really not about our turns. It's truly about the mix and we got off-track and we got very moderate, our average ticket was way down and this is definitely fixable but I'm certainly not going to look at the month of November and say that we can turn this business around on a dime because it does take a little bit more time than that. They know what they've done wrong. I think there's tremendous clarity. I think they have a great strategy in place. We can certainly afford to take the period of time that we need to take to get this organization to where they need to be but I think next year is going to be a good year and I feel good about it but it doesn't turn on a dime.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay, well Jeff we don't really talk about our list so I'm not going to go into that but we're certainly happy with it. In terms of the real estate we feel we are semi ready to lay our next years plans. The acceleration in both Marmaxx and HomeGoods, we have absolute locations and we are in very good shape. We don't accelerate until we know we can. So we're pretty pleased with the real estate and we're in very good position to again, move that up a bit and then just be a little more conservative on Europe. We're in a very good position.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well we have 700 to date but those are big remodels. We'll continue next year with the fairly aggressive remodel program. Some of it will be full store, some of it will be just painting and cleaning up but we'll continue to make this chain a top-notch chain.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, now is there an opportunity on a two year basis possibly, but quite frankly we've never gone up against comps like that before so we will do our absolute best to beat them but I think it's smart to plan that way and to keep our inventories nice and lean.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well Richard, we don't talk about acquisitions and the Internet overseas is going quite well. We're pleased with it. We're moving slowly. Again we have three countries Internet, we have a lot going on there but we're very pleased with what we're seeing. We're learning a lot about the consumer. We're learning a lot about what categories sell so this to me is fantastic in terms of our learning and our knowledge and maybe some day we'll bring to the States.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it's really our inventory positioning right now. We're very lean. We love what we're seeing and as I stated before our percent of freshness in December and January is much higher than last year, which just creates a lot of excitement. Our merchants are still in the market. We're going to be in later than we've ever have before so I can't answer all your questions because who knows what’s going to happen in the next three months, in the next three weeks even before the Christmas season starts but I love the position we're in so those are really the two factors.
Carol Meyrowitz: Jennifer, I mean we're planning the margins, again we're up against huge, huge numbers a year ago so I'm just going to come back to I like to plan prudently, carefully, conservatively and we certainly hope to beat those plans. I just think it's a smart way to plan our business.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well actually our business again, we're pretty pleased with Germany and Poland and HomeSense. And in the aggregate all three of them are going to end you making money in the back half, which we’re very, pleased about. Again, having said that I still think there's much opportunity there and as we get the overall mix to a place where we feel terrific that's only going to accelerate Germany and Poland and HomeSense. Europe, it is pretty much across the board and I'm going to come back to, we know what we did wrong, we know what we need to do and I was just over there this past week and the guys know how to fix it. So I think we've just got a little bit off track and I think we were running a bit too quickly to fill (inaudible) and they now know exactly what to do. We have a lot of people who have been there for many years. They’re spending time with the new people and I feel very confident that this team will turn it around.
Carol Meyrowitz: Again, we keep coming back to our job is to keep the distance between us and the department stores and obviously as pricing goes up, the consumer is still going to want value. It's not like we're looking at an economy that's getter 10 times better so it bodes well for us because it's, everyone else goes up in price and we go up proportionally in price. I think it's really going to drive the customer to us. Average ticket going up obviously is a benefit to our comp and it's certainly a benefit to our costs. So, that's all we focus on is making sure we have that great value versus everyone else and this entire organization is very aware and very much on board. The other element of our business again, I just keep coming back to flexibility is that we can move categories faster than anyone else can. Move our floors around faster than anyone else can so we take advantage of all those elements. Any disruption or change in the marketplace usually tends to benefit us and every year there's usually something else going on and our job is to take full advantage of that for TJX.
Carol Meyrowitz: It's a piece of it. That's a piece of it. Another large piece of it is that we continue to invest in our supply chain; our number of buyers are all over the world and our relationship with the brand. So all of those elements make us keep, we're always raising the bar in our mix and that's what our job is.
Carol Meyrowitz: No we think there's opportunities to reduce inventory. We absolutely do. There are two elements to this. We're speeding up our supply chain at the same time as decreasing our inventory levels and creating more freshness so we're investing where we need to invest. In addition we will get better at shipping the right merchandise to the right store at the right time so. I don't know how many years we have of improving but it's not a one-year pony as they say.
Carol Meyrowitz: A.J.'s is separate and the demographics of Marshalls, Maxx and HomeGoods is really a sweet spot to triple brand together. So we're testing that. You're going to see that very shortly. We're very excited about it. That'll be on network TV. What we're also hoping is that it really brings the consumer closer to being aware of the HomeGoods brand as we improve, as we increase the numbers of stores in HomeGoods, I think this is really going to be beneficial if we hit new markets. So that's the game plan there. As of today, we don’t have A.J.'s as part of that campaign, but hey, you never know.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, Dana in terms of expenses, we're slightly above where we thought we would be. I think we gave you 50 to 75 million, we're probably half way through some of the initiatives but we're always adding initiatives so we're going to continue on our expense reductions. Our marketing spend, again we'll, we look to get greater and better penetration so we haven't laid out our plans. We're certainly not going to be looking at our marketing budget and saying let's increase it dramatically. We just hope to get smarter and smarter which is what we believe we've done this year. So we'll continue that, we'll continue that path and where we believe we need to up (inaudible), we will but its not a matter of looking at a tremendous increase in spend for next year.
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all when we talk about Winners, which probably had weather. They had an opportunity in their home business because they had a fairly weak home business a year ago. So that increase was fairly substantial in Home up at Winners. And as I said in A.J.'s the outerwear business, which is a bigger part of A.J.'s business was down substantially over 20%, which was a big hit and there are some other factors there that Ernie will go into. In terms of our marketing we don't discuss that, that's really not our strategy. So I'd rather not comment on our percent of mix. What I an tell you that we continue to increase on network TV and we continue to increase the penetration. It is increasing in traffic and we do see the needle moving every single year that more customers or more people that have never shopped TJX that is increasing every year so that that is our goal.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well we like the remodels of the new prototype. They're working very well. I think the guys are understanding what the mixes and I think they're understanding the demographics better and the Hispanic customer.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, thanks Carol. Good morning, everybody. Let me recap the third quarter results. Net sales reached $5.5 billion, that's a 5% increase over last year. Third quarter consolidated comp stores sales were up 1% on top of last year's strong 7% increase and as Carol mentioned the increase was driven by growth in the number of transactions with the average ticket slightly down. Diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.92. That compares with last year's $0.81 per share and again, that's a 14% increase on top of last year's 40% EPS growth. Foreign currency rates negatively impacted our year-over-year EPS comparisons by two pennies. However, EPS comparisons were favorably impacted by a lower tax rate and reduced interest expense which, together essentially offset the foreign exchange impact so all those items in aggregate were neutral to the overall consolidated performance. Our consolidated pretax profit margin was 10.8%. That was unchanged from the prior year. However, if you exclude the impact of foreign currency, primarily a mark to market adjustment on the company’s inventory related hedges, our pre-tax profit margin was actually up 30 basis points. And we're very encouraged that we've sustained last year's significant increase in profit margins and that we've seen continued improvement in our merchandise margins over last years large increases. The gross profit margin, as we reported today, it was flat to last year. Higher merchandise margins, as well as buying and occupancy expense leverage were offset by the impact of mark to market adjustments on the company's inventory related hedges which, as I mentioned earlier significantly benefited last years results. I think the key point there is that our merchandise margins continue to be up and these merchandising margins were achieved. The merchandise market gain was achieved on top of a 240 basis point improvement in the third quarter of last year. Turning to SG&A expense for the quarter it was also flat to prior year. If you peel it back the benefit of cost savings initiatives and lower incentive compensation expense were basically offset by deleverage from the 1% comp store sales increase as well as increased preopening costs associated with a larger number of new stores this year versus last year. That said, our overall expense ratios if you include buying and occupancy costs, along with SG&A, decreased during the quarter compared to last year. As to inventories, at the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis including the warehouses were down 6% on top of a 5% decrease last year. Again, we're extremely happy with our inventory levels and our greater open to buy position as we enter the fourth quarter. Now to financial strengths. Our stores generate substantial amounts of cash, which we deploy with a careful balance between reinvesting in our businesses and distributions to shareholders through the buyback and through the dividends. In terms of share repurchases, we bought back $256 million of TJX stock during the third quarter, retiring 6.0 million shares. Year-to-date, we have bought back $845 million of TJX stock. We now expect to repurchase between 1.0 and 1.2 billion of TJX stock in Fiscal 2011, more than we had originally planned. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll recap the guidance for the fourth quarter and full year at the end of the call.
Jeff Naylor: Yes. Thanks Carol. Before I cover guidance, a quick comment on Canada. As you can see on the reconciliation tables that we provide on our Web site, the segment profit margin in our Canadian business this quarter was reported down 140 basis points. It would have increased 200 basis points, excluding the impact of foreign currency primarily due to the mark to market adjustment that they benefited from last year. In segment profit growth for Canada, which was reported essentially flat to last year in the quarter would have been up 18% on an invested basis. Okay, so with that out of the way let me now turn to the details of our guidance. First thing I want to make a point of is we haven’t adjusted the fourth quarter outlook that was implied in our prior guidance but we have raised the full year guidance to reflect the above performance in the third quarter. We now expect full fiscal 2011 EPS to be in the range of $3.35 to $3.40, excluding the non-operating item, which we detailed in today's press release, the estimated range of EPS is $3.33 to $3.38, an increase of 17 to 19% over last year. In terms of the underlying assumptions the range is based on an expected comp store sales increase of 2% to 3% for the full year. It also assumes reported pre-tax margins of 10.2 to 10.3%. Now if we exclude the non-operating item I just mentioned the adjusted full year pretax margins are planned at 10.1 to 10.2%, up 50 to 60 basis points over prior year and that's primarily due to continued strength in merchandising margins as well as some buying and occupancy expense leverage and SG&A ratios that are flat to slightly favorable to last year. So that's the full year. Our full year outlook assumes fourth quarter EPS of $0.89 to $0.94, which would be a flat to a 5% decrease versus last year and again is unchanged from our prior outlook. In terms of the underlying assumptions we're assuming a fourth quarter top line of 6.1 to 6.2 billion with comp sales planned to decrease 1% to 3% on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx group. Again, we're up against very challenging comparisons to last year when consolidated comps increased 12% and Marmaxx's comps increased 13% during the quarter. We're looking for average tickets to be flat to slightly up in the fourth quarter. As to monthly comps, in November we expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis and 3% to 4% at the Marmaxx group. In both December and January, on both the consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx group, we expect comp sales decreases in the ranges of 3 to 5%. Pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 9.6% to 9.9% range, down 80 to 110 basis points over last years very strong 10.7%. We're anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be 25.4% to 25.8% compared to 26.6% last year. It's important to note that we're up against a 410 basis point improvement last year and are planning this appropriately with the reduction evenly split between buying and occupancy de-leverage on the negative low single-digit comp and our merchandise margins which are slightly lower than last year. We expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be about 15.7% to 15.8%, which is a flat to a 10-basis point improvement versus last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.8%, net interest expense in the 8 to $9 million range and corporate expenses in the 51 to $54 million range. Finally we anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 399 million. We'll now open it up to questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to keep the call on schedule. We're going to try to continue to enforce our one question limit and we appreciate your cooperation. Thanks. We'll take questions now. I'll turn it back to Elan.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, on the cannibalization, we aren't public on the level of cannibalization Adrianne, but what I can tell you is that we estimate cannibalization for every new store, every new store we do a pro forma analysis of that new store. We estimate the sales, we treat the lease as capital and then we estimate the cannibalization of surrounding stores and we put all that together to calculate or turn on ROI, which typically is in the low to mid teens. So within those ROIs we make sure we can afford the level of cannibalization on the surrounding stores. And then we go back and we measure that level of cannibalization and what we've found is that our estimates are actually very, very good. We tend to be very close to the level, to the cannibalization estimates are very close to what we actually incur in that first year where the new stores impacting the existing stores so we feel that between charging cannibalization to the new store pro forma, making sure that we're getting a low to mid teen ROI including that cannibalization and then going back and measuring the cannibalization to make sure our estimates are on track. That gives us the confidence that we are growing our business profitably and preserving our financial returns.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, we're not ready to do it at this time because we are still developing our plans for next year but we will be doing that on our February call later.
Jeff Naylor: Okay and if I could just touch on the guidance briefly? For the fourth quarter we are planning A.J. comps flat to plus two. That's on an 8% last year so like every one of our businesses they take some tough comparisons and on that we're planning profits essentially flat year-over-year. You know when you look at the full year for A.J. we think we've got profits planned up roughly 3, 4, $5 million versus LY for the full year continued increased in profit margins. It'll be about a 2% total profit margin compared with break even two years ago so we're continuing to make progress with A.J. although as Carol said, it's been a little bit uneven and we want to see some consistency before we really ramp up the investment.
Jeff Naylor: No, the issue was it wasn't so much in translation. Its two impacts, two international businesses. One is translating the results from the local currency into U.S. dollars. The other of these mark to market impacts where we hedged, we hedge our inventories so when we place an inventory buy it's based upon evaluation and we hedge it to lock in our margin. At the end of the year, each quarter under the accounting rules we have to mark those hedges to market. So, you may have a gain or a loss in the derivative but you also have an offsetting gain or loss in the margin of the goods. We only recognize one side of that for accounting purposes. So last year in the case of Winners we had $19 million of benefit from mark to market adjustments. That was last year in the third quarter. This year it was essentially diminutive. So basically we had $19 million of benefits last year that we did an anniversary this year. So that impacted both the profit growth and has had a significant impact on the operating margin. So that's how you get from 140 basis points decline this year on a reported basis to a 200 basis point improvement because there was almost a 3.0 points of margin last year that benefited to Winners that came from this mark to market adjustment.
Jeff Naylor: Yes. We're up against 14 and a 12 in TJX and a 15 and a 13 in Marmaxx in November and December respectively and I think, if you look on two and three year stack bases you'll see it's a pretty consistent in terms of how we laid it out Laura. And there's nothing else that (inaudible), there's nothing else under; it's really just a factor of what we're going up against in terms of how we accept the plans.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think on the, in terms of planning the tickets flat to slightly up, obviously we try to plan based on what we're seeing and we have visibility into our on orders of some of the trends and our plans kind of do reflect what we're seeing. So I think we're reasonably confident in that flat to slightly up and it is reflective of trends we're seeing in the business.
Jeff Naylor: And there's still variability between our divisions Howard. Not all divisions are turning at the pace of the fastest division, which tells you there's probably a little bit of opportunity left.
Jeff Naylor: And Dana in terms of our three-year model we have on the street right now. We're assuming at 2% comp leverage point and we believe we have enough cost saving initiatives to allow us to do that for the next several years. So as Carol mentioned beyond that we're trying to put some seeds in the ground now that will take us beyond three years out and give us the ability to continue to leverage at a two comp. We really like setting up our model on a low comp, putting in enough cost reduction to allow us to maintain our  profit margin and then, if and when we beat the sales you get tremendous flow throughs and we've seen that each of the last three, four years. So we want to continue to plan that way.
