Ernie Herrman: Sure, Lorraine. Certainly, a question near and dear to my heart, as we talk about how we buy the goods and how we stock the stores, as you said, in terms of the demands by category, really since the beginning, when COVID – if you remember back, and I know we spoke back when COVID first hit and we could see our home business and some of our other trending categories were going to clearly trend differently than apparel, for example. So we were able to adjust as you could hear what we said in the script, how big our home business has actually gotten to over the last six months, we were able to adjust the mix in our stores very appropriately to that because our model is very flexible, right? So we’re able to do – and supply has been plentiful even though, there were little snippets of time when it wasn’t so easy to get exactly what we want. For the most part, we got the categories that we wanted. When you ask about apparel, I don’t think we weren’t trying to communicate that we weren’t able to get it. So apparel is pretty plentiful on the market. It’s just not the consumer demand isn’t there as great as it has been, I would say would be the way to put it. Having said that, I mentioned Australia where the environment is more normal and almost is the least COVID impacted a market that we’re in. Their apparel business has been very healthy. So we are predicting and there won’t be an availability issue that as we start to go through this year, we’re feeling that apparel specifically second quarter into summer as the vaccine rollout becomes more widespread and people start to circulate out there more. I and the teams are anticipating a surge in apparel. Certainly, quite not every department, but a pretty big surge from where we’d been harboring and probably gaining back a little bit more of the share within our store. No availability problem, Lorraine, as we’re sourcing across all the categories. And in fact as I always say to all of you, we have to really control our merchants from buying too much. Specifically, I would say, apparel has been where we’ve really had to slowdown of recent only because the trend isn’t what it is in some of the other areas. Everything has been improving quarter-by-quarter. So if you look at Marmaxx, our business and when you talk apparel, I think domestically here, because obviously our Europe business was kind of shut in the fourth quarter. I can’t give you as much detail there. But if you look at Marmaxx, we improved from a minus 10 in the third quarter to a minus seven in the fourth quarter, and then each month got progressively better in the fourth quarter for Marmaxx and barring the whether we’re starting the year off improved from where we were in the preceding months in the fourth quarter. So hopefully that helps you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Matt, great question. We talked about this stuff all the time. So on that – what’s been helping us with our comp improvement is a little what I was talking to Lorraine about. So our merchants have really done a great job and shifting their – we shift – first of all, we shifted buyers around, some merchants around, in certain areas to go after the healthier and trending categories. What’s interesting is at the beginning of the pandemic, when the market was an upheaval we took a very, I would call it, very forthright approach with all of our vendor community, and they knew how important we were then. But I think what’s happened and I think this is where we’re getting to the second part of your question on the expansion of the vendor relationships to help us. We talked about the 21,000 vendors that we’re dealing with. We’ve been opening up a few thousand additional vendors, but there’s always vendors falling off because we stopped buying certain categories, or unfortunately in the pandemic, you’ve had some other vendors kind of falling off to the side, as you can imagine. But we are meaning more to, I would say, the more branded vendor community across the board. And so if you listened to the script we made a conscious effort. I made a conscious effort to really highlight that one of the key differentiators of TJX. And I think this applies from us against other retailers maybe against other off price formats is our focus on brands is really second to none. So we and if you look back at my script, I mentioned across good, better and best. So we have had all of our teams on a mission to continue to open more brands, always continuing to do that because you get more newness that way, and you get more excitement in the mix. And then that combined with the market share that’s out that you mentioned the $10 billion up for grabs. I think the way to do it as some of the other – think of the retailers who have struggled during this, it’s not your essential retailers, right? It’s not that people, customers really need to go to right now, very task-based missions that they have to go on. It’s really the more impulse or more fashion driven. In our case, we’re an impulse-driven retailer and you can’t ask for a better situation for us to have more brands in the future, because we mean more to those brands and the fact that when consumers start to get more comfortable, they want to shop our entertainment. It’s a perfect storm. And I just think the expression I would like to use right now, we’re feeling is a tiger by the tail and the business here, meaning once things start to open up and the consumer goes back to normalcy, I just think we’re really going to be in a strong position that continue to improve, which we – as you can see from the sales we’ve been doing every quarter. So a great question. It’s really at a high-level, one of the most important aspects of our strong strategy medium-term and long-term.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Kimberly, what I’ll do is, let me just comment on the real estate quickly, and I’m going to turn over some of the when you were asking about the rate on the leases, I’ll turn it over to Scott. But when we look at for the opportunities in the business, we do want to get back to even things such as remodels because our – one other things, we’ve seen over the years is our shopping experience is comprises many things. Certainly, the merchandise is number one. But our consumers have come to appreciate the environment they’re in as well as the shopping center. So when you ask about a relocation sometimes we aren’t in the most happening shopping center. And many – we have found that some of our best uses of capital have been relocation. So Scott will talk to all of that. At a high level, I would just say, it keeps us healthy and keeps our existing stores proceeding and staying up-to-date. So for the long-term health of TJX, it’s very important in every geography we’re in to keep spending appropriately. Obviously, we had curtailed that at the beginning of COVID, but Scott will talk to, why that’s important, and by the way, why we’re excited about opportunities. Inventory, where that falls across in the store, first of all, we don’t – I don’t give out information as far as where we are versus where we’d want to be. But I would just say that at the high level, the reason we’ve been very happy with where our sales have been proceeding. And you can tell what we did give is our home area, our beauty area which have grown in percentage which is where obviously that’s not a secret. Those areas are healthy in the world around us. We have been getting plenty of availability and where we would run into pockets of categories within those worlds. Our buyers have done a great job of shifting around and we buy in different ways. So sometimes they’re buying goods that are landing within a week or two, and sometimes they’re buying some goods that are landing of a couple months out. But we have overall, as you can see, we’ve been happier with our overall inventory levels. Scott and I have talked about that recently in terms of where we are with each division and in full TJX. From where we were, if you remember back in the third quarter, second quarter, the third quarter, we were in a major scramble mode which probably somewhat impacted our sales than versus the healthier open-only comps where we are now. We will run into some little pockets there, obviously, where we were calling missing some departments a little bit more, and we couldn’t get, by the way, some of that was really transportation of the goods. It wasn’t necessarily availability. So right now, I would tell you across the board availability pretty much in any way we want it. There’s more – definitely more apparel out there than we would want to use across most every category. So hopefully that gives you color in terms of where we’re headed. We’re just feeling really balanced on the way our inventory levels are right now heading into February and into March across every division. I mean, the only place that we are not happy is in Europe where we’re closed, because clearly we have inventory there and we can’t do anything in terms of selling it. Scott, do you want to…
Ernie Herrman: Sure. All good, Janine. So we were already contemplating pre-COVID upping that target because our HomeGoods business has just been consistent. And by the way, I’ll just throw these together. You asked about Homesense since similarly was heading to a good place, but obviously when COVID has impacted us everything, the tide rose overall with both these businesses. And we’re just seeing as the world changes in lifestyle and focus even when the vaccines all hit, you’re still going to have a dynamic change around us, all in terms of how many people are spending more time still in the home environments and focused on that, regardless of whether there’s an x percent that goes back to work, of course there will be. They’ll be a majority going back to offices, but all you need is a small percent going the other way and with a focus on the environment of home. So yes, we just feel like there’s way more market opportunity as we move forward. If you look at the amount of home business being done online, and let’s go back to the market share mission here, we feel, and of course homegoods.com, which will be later in the year, we sell bats and operated take online business, but we feel our Homesense business specifically really pulls from categories that are significantly done online. We feel Homesense can really eat into that online business. And recently, anecdotally I’ve had friends that have bought goods at Homesense, and they’ve used our delivery service, which again, in many cases is a third-party. But you are trying the – for example, the sofa or the chair, you’re trying that actual sofa a chair there. And that is what shows up at your house within the next day or two. Again, we have same day delivery in many of those sites. And I think that is an interesting dynamic, which obviously the business is extremely healthy right now. But we feel like there’s just so much more upside. And as you can tell by the number we gave you as the percent of TJX, that home has been most recently the momentum is so strong to think otherwise that we wouldn’t continue to just grab more market share. So I hope that answers your question. We’re very bullish on. Scott, I think…
Ernie Herrman: It’s a great question. And Janine, the other thing is to Scott’s point, I give the teams a lot of credit because they’ve also managed to not, as we open the Homesense. With the Homesense’s surging, they’re not stealing the HomeGoods sales, as you can tell are still very healthy nearby. And I give our merchants and that management team, a lot of credit and the field there as well, and keeping the stores looking different and differentiated between Homesense and HomeGoods. So they start with having a great mix in both the teams have done a great job on that, but they’ve managed to do this in locations where they’re almost right next to each other. So really bodes well for the future.
Ernie Herrman: So we’re feeling that definitely opportunity there to – we’ve looked at it as just so you know, up till now, it’s a sales driver for us and we’ve gotten on our customer, we do reports, we do surveys. We are getting huge credit on our level of service and safety impact by the greeters we’ve had at the front of the store. If you’ve been in our store, you’ll see that in most stores, we have two greeters they’re really cleaning the carts as well as welcoming asking, do you need help? Were they treated okay and safely? And so that’s had a huge impact, and I’m looking at that as a form of marketing to help us with our top line for the future. And so that is, we want to be very careful as we pull that back, because all the indicators are that has been a big help on our reputation during COVID. So very good questions.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, it is. And I will tell you to go along with that, Adrienne. As we – it’s funny, you mentioned that now it’s one thing I thought I didn’t get to mention on one of the earlier questions. We are buying significantly more from our satellite buying offices this year, which actually speaks to a little about what you just asked because – probably because of availability around – it’s not always with the same vendors and maybe what’s going on with Europe. So we have satellite offices, we have offices in Italy and in Europe and in the Far East and California. And so we we’ve had a disproportionate growth in purchases from those offices recently relative to our total during COVID. I mean, the good news in the vendor, this is not unusual when we – specifically in the home business, Adrienne. If you ever go to our store one week and you go to the next week, for example, in some of our categories where there’s a lot of newness. So if you look at our food business, you’ll see lots of new brands that’ll go in there and they maybe weren’t there a few months ago. And you don’t tend to think of that area, but there’s a lot of special labels in there that really become hot and quality and country of origin from Italy to domestic brands. And that happens throughout the store, but there are definitely more areas where I think brands have become – it’s really going to be a big differentiator of us from I think everybody else, because so many of the retailers around us in apparel, by the way, the apparel world is going very specialty private label driven. And what will be neat about our businesses is the customer, she or he can walk in and see an assortment of different brands that, yes, you’d find them in depth in other stores, but they’re all going to be under one roof in a treasure hunch format if that makes sense.
Ernie Herrman: Right. Yes. So I would say some of that gets mitigated when we buy through the brands. So a chunk of that gets mitigated because we go – our buyers look at what they can retail a goods at, and they factored into what the cost should be. And regardless of the vendor, whatever they pay for freight is, I don’t want to say it’s not our concern, but it’s kind of not our concern when our buyers, they’re pretty straightforward about how they work that. It’s something where we’re importing, which we do some of that business, then we’re going to get hit with that just like Scott said earlier.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Adrienne. All right. I would like to thank all of you for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our first quarter earnings call in May. And from the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well, and we wish you good health and talk to you down the road. Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Well, on quickly not address unfortunately the last one, we – at this point, we’re not giving guidance in terms of, a lot will depend on just as you can see, right, what we’ve had in the fourth quarter, in the first quarter with a significant number of store closures, how much we going to have for COVID costs. I think we need a little more time and there are any public address fits as we move forward on terms of how much of the mix switches back to apparel, which will then help us both on the average retail, freight, some of the other productivity measures. I think there’s a lot of uncertainty, although we think we’ll be getting, it will have a first half, second half impact. In terms of freight costs, certainly spiked as we moved from the third quarter to fourth quarter, we will likely remain high at least on a TYLY basis as we move through the first half of the year. And we would hope due to things that we’re going to be doing and market conditions be moderating, but we don’t know where that’s going to level off. And that does relate a little to the mix of the merchandise as well. We’ve been buying very good and the other thing, Ernie, I think, will touch on what level we’ll be able to maintain and extend on that is to be determined. Also in certain things, we’ve had very good markdown performance, but as we’ve been chasing inventory at a very high level, particularly at HomeGoods. So again, I think that big cost pressures are going to be the ones that we’ve had in the past, where we’ve now had two years of deleverage on due to wages, supply chain costs, DC wages, opening up a bit, we’re opening a couple of facilities this year. But a lot will depend on when we get back to our sales because we still have to recapture a lot of the sales that we lost last year and get to the level and get back and hopefully surpass where we were going to be. So a lot of uncertainty of when we’re going to get, we know – we feel comfortable, we’re going to get back to sales, but is it going to be in the back half of this year? Is it going to be over a little longer period of time? So putting all that, it’s just too early to give – to be giving a number. In terms of the fourth quarter, what we’re seeing is that the shrink number was really just a time. Our shrink came in slightly lower than our last year number, but we had – we thought early on with COVID with all the closing and opening of the stores, the movement of merchandise that we had accrued for higher levels in the second and third quarter. And it came in better than what we thought. But that was offset by our freight. When you net-net look at all the ins and outs, we also had to accrue for additional markdowns this quarter, due to the Europe and Canadian closures that overall our merchandise margin, when you strip it all away was still up in the – let’s call it in that 30 basis points range for the quarter after all of the ins and outs. And again, that largely be determined on how we do on our mark-on and markdowns for next year, whether we can continue that.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure, going to capital and some of the things that you talked about on the new stores ramps, et cetera, I think overall the big picture is that, we’re starting to spend some of that, obviously, now that we’re in a position of strength on both the cash and on our balance sheet. We’re spending – we’re going to spend in $500 million to $700 million more in capital than we did last year and more than what we did even two years ago. I think we have an open to buy, to spend more capital as we move through the year as we would – if we see opportunities for. And we see how our business recovers for either new more real estate than the 122 I talked about and/or more remodels that Ernie talked about as something to be using our cash for from timing. We’re going to be doing what north of 350 remodels, I think last year we did several hundred remodels, less than what we had planned. So we would be viewing that over the next several years as we could be getting up even to 400 remodels a year or more to try to catch up and take advantage of that. Two, in terms of new stores, we would say, we’re not giving out a number, but it’s going to be – it will be more than the 122, probably at 150 plus for the next several years. I think there’s great opportunity with all the unfortunate disruption in retail, we are already starting to see in all of our geographies when we are signing leases in store closures that have already happened in the past year and we would do, it doesn’t happen overnight, but we would see that as a big opportunity for calendar 2022 and 2023 to get sites. I think part of – the bigger part of that is the quality of the sites without having to necessarily get them at rents that we would have paid just a year or two ago. So it’s not that it’s necessarily cheaper than our current cost base, but it would be cheaper than what we would have paid and probably locations that we otherwise would not been able to get. In Marmaxx division, particularly, but across all of our stores the relocations is an opportunity as we have hundreds of leases coming to renewal. And so we see a great opportunity to open again, to better real estate and potentially I think the number one thing is to have drive higher sales, but potentially even to keep our costs the same or lower. I think we’ve seen a fantastic opportunity in Europe in terms of cost reductions. A lot of it is the environment there is, as you can imagine, worse than it is here from a real estate with all the closures. And on a lot of our rent renewals we are seeing increases – decreases in terms of the overall costs that we have to pay north of 25% on a per store basis. So that’s a combination of either the capital that you’re going to get when we want to move into a store or the benefit we’re going to get, or just the actual reduction in the rent. So we’re seeing significant decreases there. We’re seeing decreases before, but not to the level that we’re currently seeing. We’re also seeing some phenomenal deals. So I’m not going to name the specific sites, but in the last couple of weeks, we’ve seen stores where we were paying $900,000 and rent go down to $600,000 or 500,000 to less than $200,000, just phenomenal decreases in renewals. And also even landlords who want us giving us, extended rent-free periods because we’re an anchor tenant in a strip and they very much want us to be there. So, yes, I think that’s a tremendous opportunity for us.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Just to brief address a little on Homesense. I think what we’ve seen – everything that we’ve seen in the overall home business, it has been a little, I’d say even up a notch on Homesense. So the comps are proportionally even higher at Homesense than they have been in the HomeGoods in the fourth quarter. Our retail has been – average retail has been strong. Our average basket’s been strong. And I think the operational folks where we may have talked about it for the first year or two, because it’s obviously a mix of business where the payroll and other aspects of it are a bit more challenging. They’ve done a great job of working through the – how to make that business more efficient. So our four wall profits on Homesense have increased substantially this year with our volumes. And it’s made us much more optimistic and we’re opening up five Homesense stores this year as well.
Scott Goldenberg: Well, again, the biggest costs on this year will depend will be on the COVID costs. I mean, there’ll be significant as we talked in the first quarter and I’ll let Ernie address it. But it will be to be determined as we move through the – on the COVID costs.
Scott Goldenberg: So Michael, to get to your question, a lot of it goes back unfortunately to – to your point at the end of fiscal 2020, we were at $10.6 billion, all things being equal. And again, saying a lot right now, if we had guided to approximately 10.2 to 10.3 last year on a three comp, if you would had the similar level, the headwinds of supply chain wage, et cetera, you would have gone down 30 to 40 basis points for another year. So as we said, nothing’s really changed in terms of store wage. In terms of that the DC – the two components that are a bit larger right now are the DC supply chain and the DC wage, as we’ve had both in our HomeGoods and Marmaxx DCs wage increases this year, which are going to be analyzing for most of this year those impacts and significant freight, what would have been over fiscal 2020 the last results. So those will largely depend on what level of sales, because you have a natural delever on the sales until you got back and recapture those sales. So if the delever was 30 to 40, it’s clearly going to – it would clearly be significantly higher than that without the COVID cost. And then those, we would expect to start recapturing some of that as we get our sales levels up. So it’s – but that 10.6 would have been going down. And then on top of that is the deleverage of the sales and the higher freight and other supply chain costs.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. There were some benefit – well, the biggest benefit, which was in effect at – thank you. It’s a good point. That’s not a necessarily a go – well, hopefully not a go-forward benefit was this year we did not have bonus accruals or incentive accruals up to the level. Last year, it’s actually – both went the wrong way. Last year, we had a very good end to the year and increased our incentive accruals in the fourth quarter. This year, we obviously are not meeting our plans. And so we had the incentive accruals go the other way. So it was a benefit of almost 90 basis points in the quarter. That’s obviously next year we would hope to have a normal level of bonus accruals. And so that’s the biggest difference. There was some – the rest of it’s just noise between fuel hedges and there was expense savings as a lot of companies maybe haven’t talked about it that much on metal costs and others as due to less people being sick that we had a benefit as well.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I’ll let Ernie address the piece of what you – obviously as vendors and others have to bring the goods in what they’ll pass on and not pass on, because everybody has to pay the increased ocean container costs one way or the other, what gets passed through.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. In terms of the big picture on freight, it’s very difficult to start and you’ll see that when we’re just going to be starting to compare against our numbers in the first and second quarter, because we weren’t open for business for such large chunks of the business of the time. But if you’re going to compare fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2020, it’s – you’re in north of 60 basis points probably a two year impact of incremental basis points on freight. But it’s really going to be a tale of two stories. It’s going to be significantly weighted toward the first half of the year versus the second half of the year, because most – we had the big spike ups. A lot of for us is we’ll be renegotiating domestically our rail, our truck and our ocean in the middle of the second quarter. So we would hope to contract more capacity because a lot of what impacted us and others is having to go to more spot rates and just pay through than those that happened in the fourth quarter and a little what will be happening still. And also the mix of the goods was not ideal because the number one priority I think, Ernie would agree with me, make sure we were getting the goods and our teams did a great job to get the goods, but we were paying – we had to pay a premium in many cases. But we’re working on a lot of issues in our logistics area to reduce costs. And we think there will be opportunities, so we’ll be able to take advantage of as we move forward through the next year and beyond.
