Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I will start by saying that it was great to see our strong performance continue in the first quarter. Both our consolidated comp store sales increase of 5% and earnings per share of $0.57 exceeded our expectations. I am especially pleased with the continued strength of our largest division, Marmaxx, as comps at that division increased an outstanding 6%. Customer traffic drove the consolidated comp increase and was up at each of our four major divisions again this quarter. Further, this quarter marks the 19th consecutive quarter of customer traffic increases at TJX and Marmaxx. This is such a testament to the enduring appeal of our great values and treasure-hunt shopping experience and the resiliency of our off-price retail model. With our above plan first quarter sales, we are raising our full-year EPS outlook, which Scott will detail in a moment. We are in a terrific position to take advantage of the plentiful opportunities we are seeing in the marketplace for quality, branded merchandise. We are flowing fresh, exciting assortments to our stores and online and have many initiatives underway to keep driving sales and customer traffic. We are confident in our ability to continue the successful growth of TJX around the world. Before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap our first quarter numbers.
Ernie Herrman: Hi Paul. First of all, we do not give out that information on how much product we direct source. That's something we keep internal. In terms of what we have seen in the market so far, there have been little snippets of disruption, but I would say, nothing meaningful at this point. And it's still kind of too early to see what's going to happen with the goods that are already in the country, with the goods that are coming into the country with some of the third party vendors that we deal with. So we are totally, as we tried to say in the script, on standby to standby on that whole situation. I mean, good questions, but we really don't have any more information on that.
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Kimberly. Look, that situation was a little different in that it was more garment specific in terms of what categories were – this is a little more broad-brushed, and the difference there is, there is a lead time on a lot of that product which you could kind of see where the costs were heading, and you could also see the weak payout because it was a known quantity in terms of what was happening with the yarn. So the prices at retail, you could see them moving fairly visibly. Whereas, this time, it's so difficult for us to project, and clearly, we will not be the first one to touch our retails. We would always be [indiscernible] and we would always lag on what happens in the market around us. And it's hard for us to forecast when retails would get affected in the country. If you look at some of the other releases that have come out, everybody is having a difficult time committing to any course of action, so to speak, until we get a little further into the year, yes. And so we look at this as actually fairly different from the -- and I know exactly what you are talking about at that time period. But going back to, Kimberly, what I think you are getting at is the market share opportunity for us is if -- like in that situation where certain product categories, the costs rises around our model of business allows us to then oftentimes provide even a larger gap at retail than what traditionally would take place, which in turn allows us to, I think, drive a little bit more for a little bit more new customers because they are going to be even more value, looking for better value on those categories that are affected. So, I think there is a lag, but I think there is a silver lining for us.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Omar, so we have a structural issue over here. Over there, many of the households, in fact the majority, are required to, you can't leave packages there. So automatically Click and Collect is going to drive a much larger percentage of the business, just by that structural difference in the way mail can't be left at a lot of homes there. And so yes, it has been a blessing for us in terms of its ability to drive incremental traffic to our stores. Because of the structural difference, we don't see that as, even though we are looking at it as we speak, we don't see that as a driver here like it is there because our stores, like a Click and Collect at a traditional retail where they can carry the SKU in the stores that they show online, you have going to have a lot of Click and Collect purchases that are made where consumers want to pick it up that same afternoon or maybe the following day. Our model doesn't work that way because we don't have that. We have a differentiated online business here. And so three quarters of our website, give or take, is showing different merchandise from what we have in the store. And then for specific store to do a Click and Collect, we could never do that. So we are always going to have a ceiling here on that. Scott, I think, has some additional info on it.
Ernie Herrman: Online, which is a much higher, Omar, as you know, is a much higher percent than we do domestically here. Also I think, correct me if I am wrong, I think what he was getting at is that a piece of the positive results that we are getting in the U.K. and we do believe that has been complementary. Hard for us to measure the incremental in the brick-and-mortar. But as you saw in the last quarter, our brick-and-mortar market share gain, I couldn't be more proud of that team and that division. How much we have gained market share in the last quarter is just monumental there with those types of comps. And I do believe the way we have executed our online as complementary has been a plus.
Ernie Herrman: Absolutely. Yes, we had different quarter in terms of them those results clearly. I guess, the take away when you hear about the Marmaxx home business relative to the HomeGoods home business is that it is not about the model of our business. The home model of our business, that is healthy. We had in HomeGoods a couple of areas that we felt we could do better in. And so like any time where we have an area that perhaps we didn't deliver on the excitement level that we had planned on delivering, we got right at it. So that team has been focused on fixing it just like whenever we have had those issues over the years. We are able to get at it very quickly and adjust and we are feeling great about the fact that customer traffic was up the quarter in HomeGoods. I will tell you, another amazing thing is even with the 1% comp in HomeGoods, our merchandise margins were up, which is just absolutely a testament to the way that team has been able to at one point take aggressive markdowns on the areas that they were unhappy with but then replenish back and get ready for the second quarter with all these new buys which helped their margin at the end of the first quarter. So the buying environment is very strong and our mark-on was actually better than planned. So again, very pleased with the fundamental strength of the business. We had those couplers we were not happy with in HomeGoods versus at Marmaxx. Clearly, we did not run across that, which is why the business was different. I would tell you, in total, we are still bullish about our home business.
Ernie Herrman: The only thing I would also add is, HomeGoods the first quarter is the biggest impact both from a supply chain and new store impact. So we opened up six HomeSense stores this quarter versus none last year in the first quarter. So a bit more impact this year. So the new store impact goes down and same think with the supply chain. We start to overlap some of the DC that we opened in the second quarter of last year. So back nine and back half is less pressure due to both of those items.
Ernie Herrman: Again, it's a credit to that team that we have over there. They have really done a nice job on all fronts.
Ernie Herrman: No change to our store count in terms of what we have been giving out. So no update there. Maybe offline we can get back, Matt, what you are seeing versus. But we haven't any guidance on the store counts at this time.
Ernie Herrman: Hi Lorraine. Good question. We talked and we take a look at that all the time. From what we can see, we were 98% us on execution of those couple of categories. And I would say that, by the way, do I think the home environment out there is a little bit more competitive for everybody? I think home starts are kind of not robust. So that you could have some of that going on. It's just, we have seen that before and our home business tends to attract and we have done these analyses. It tends to track with what we see in what we are doing well or not doing well. I would say, if there was anything and it wouldn't be about competition, you could say that HomeGoods was hit with some weather issues in some regions of the chain. If you think about some of the weather that's going on over the last four to five weeks, they had some locations that probably didn't help with all the rain, et cetera. That's probably more the issue. But good question and we ask the question ourselves at times. We are always trying to keep our pulse on that.
Ernie Herrman: But it's a great question, which obviously, there is a lot of dialogue not just, I am sure, here at TJX, but at many retailers. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: So Laura, let me just say this because I can't really comment on too specifically on what's happening at this moment in time. But I would just say that we believe that the unseasonable weather really throughout Canada is what truly dampened our first quarter sales there. We had a little bit of some areas that I think we could have done some things a little better, but it wasn't to a large degree or a material degree. Again, customer traffic was up. We were very happy with our marketing campaign up there. The weather was just unseasonably cold and rainy and they actually had snow at one part, they had flood one part of Canada. I do believe that we will get past that and they did take aggressive markdowns where we had some goods that weren't performing like we would have expected. So we were very happy with how we handled those, again, minor areas, but they were areas that we weren't happy with. So we are very confident in what should transpire up in Canada and our comps will be healthy.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Well, again this would start with the division has been running at a very balanced manner, Paul. They have been doing a lot of, some of what I mentioned for the U.K. where they have been running very balanced mixes throughout many parts of the store. So we have had a good balance of good, better, best. We have had a good balance of fashion versus what you would called more moderate traditional merchandise opening price points through better brands, through even higher end brands,. And the good news is, that's happened in many areas of the business through different categories in the apparel business. As we mentioned, apparel was strong. I think when you have a strong apparel business in Marmaxx, that's just healthy for the football, which clearly one of the best things that Marmaxx has going is continuing to take market share and increase of transactions. And that has been just a continual driver. So we look at our transactions and Marmaxx has just been steady every year quarter, over the last really year-and-a-half. I would say, our teams, we have a really strong seasoned team. We have talked about that before. So in terms of not having a lot of whether it is merchants planning an allocation, finance, distribution centers, the division is extremely mature and has had a lot of tenure throughout their team. And that has really helped them to continue to just focus on the business and not focus on having to train people as much. And they have built a very strong talent bench so that they are able to move people around and still execute in the way the TJX executes. We have a strong team throughout and we are very proud of what they have been doing there from the top of Marmaxx all the way through. And I would say that and it's hard for you to hear any specifics on that is the most measurable benefit we have there is our off-price team there and what they have been doing and they run stores in a very competitive domestic market. The store team there is just excellent. Again, we are just hitting on all cylinders. I can't point to any one thing. I would tell you and we can't give out categories. That is something that we can't really give for obvious reasons. But there isn't really just, when you are running comps like we are at Marmaxx, you can imagine, there isn't any one category. We are hitting on many cylinders. Or we wouldn't be running a 6% comp.
Ernie Herrman: In terms of marshals.com, no change. Our intent is still to launch the marshals.com by the end of the year. So we are working still very methodically to make sure we do it right.
Ernie Herrman: They tend to be all that like some smaller but little niche players. They have a nice ambience to them, et cetera. And I know it's a form of a tier of value shopping clearly, right, [indiscernible]. So we look at that space and there's so many little players and some of them have done a really great job. We don't look at it as a market share thing. We look it as a competitor. We want to stay aware of what they are carrying, what they are retailing. But in terms of anyone having the critical mass to impact us right now, we don't see that. But our merchants to watch it and watch them. There is a bunch of them now.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you Marni. All right, I think we are done with the call and let me just thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our second quarter earnings call in August and everybody, take care. Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Ernie and good morning everyone. As Ernie mentioned, first quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased a strong 5%, well above our plan. Customer traffic was up overall and was the primary driver of our comp sales increase. Our comp increase excludes the growth from our e-commerce sites. First quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.57, also above our expectations. Overall, foreign currency negatively impacted EPS growth by 2%. Importantly, while merchandise margin was down, it was above our plan and would have been up without the incremental cost pressure from freight. Now to recap our first quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comps increased 6%, over a 4% increase last year. This is really remarkable performance given Marmaxx's average comp store is about 20-years old. Further, comp sales were once again driven by customer traffic. Segment profit margin decreased 20 basis points. Expense leverage on the higher comp was more than offset by expenses related to our supply chain and higher freight costs. Again this quarter, both our apparel and home categories were very strong HomeGoods grew 1% in the first quarter. While this was softer than we would have liked, we feel great about the fundamental strength of this business and its growth potential. Segment profit margin was down 180 basis points. This was primarily due to expenses related to our supply chain, higher freight costs and expenses related to new store openings. Importantly, HomeGoods delivered a merchandise margin increase despite significant freight pressure. We see an excellent opportunity to keep gaining market share in the United States home fashion space with both HomeGoods and HomeSense. TJX Canada's first quarter comps were flat compared to a 3% increase last year. We believe unseasonable weather throughout Canada dampened first quarter sales. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 320 basis points. This was primarily due to an unfavorable year-over-year comparison from a gain on a lease buyout last year and a decrease in merchandise margin, largely due to transactional FX. We have very loyal customer base in Canada and are confident in the growth aspects for all three of our Canadian retail banners. At TJX International, comps grew an outstanding 8% in the first quarter. We are very pleased with the consistency in our comp sales increases throughout all of our U.K. regions and across Europe. We are convinced that we are capturing significant market share as other major retailers across Europe report slower sales growth and close underperforming stores. In Australia, comp performance was once again strong. Adjusted segment profit at TJX International, excluding foreign currency, was up 30 basis points versus last year. We are very happy with our overall performance in this division, despite the challenging European consumer environment. I will finish with our shareholder distributions. During the first quarter, we returned $589 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. We bought back 350 million of TJX stock, retiring 6.7 million shares and paid $239 million in dividends to our shareholders. For the full year, we continue to anticipate buying back $1.75 billion to $2.25 billion of TJX stock. Additionally, we increased the per share dividend by 18% in April, marking the 23rd consecutive year of dividend increases. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie and I will recap our second quarter and full year fiscal 2020 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Ernie. I will begin with our full year fiscal 2020 guidance. We are raising our guidance for fiscal 2020 earnings per share to be in the range of $2.56 to $2.61. This would represent a 47% increase over the prior year's adjusted $2.45, which excluded a $0.02 negative impact from a pension settlement charge. This EPS guidance now assumes consolidated sales in the $41 billion to $41.3 billion range, a 5% to 6% increase over the prior year. We continue to expect a 2% to 3% comp increase on a consolidated basis. We expect pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.3% to 10.4%. This would be down 40 to 50 basis points versus the adjusted 10.8% in fiscal 2019. We are planning gross profit margin to be approximately 28.2% compared with 28.6% last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 17.8% to 17.9% versus 17.8% last year. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 26%, net interest expense of about $2 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.2 to 2 billion. Now to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we are planning comp growth of 2% to 3% on sales of $25.2 billion to $25.4 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.2% to 13.3%. At HomeGoods, we expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on sales of $6.4 billion. We are planning segment profit margin to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.4%. For TJX Canada, we are planning a comp increase of 2% to 3% on sales of approximately $4 billion. Adjusted segment profit, excluding foreign currency, is now expected to be in the range of 12.3% to 12.5%. At TJX International, we now expect comp growth of 2% to 3% on sales of approximately %5.5 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, is expected to be in the range of 4.5% to 4.7%. Moving on to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.61 to $0.62, a 5% to 7% increase versus last year's $0.58 per share. Moving on, we are modeling second quarter consolidated sales in the range of $9.8 billion to $9.9 billion. This guidance assumes a neutral impact due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we are assuming growth of approximately 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis at Marmaxx. Second quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 10.3% to 10.4% range versus 10.6% in the prior year. We are anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.2% to 28.3% versus 28.9% last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 17.8% versus 18.2% last year. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 26.4%, $2 million of net interest expense and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.23 billion. It's important to remember that our guidance for the second quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the second quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks and now we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. No real overall change to our original guidance at this point. The freight rates on the full year are deleveraging us at approximately 20 basis points, and it is a little less in the back, you know, nine months than it is in the first quarter. But no real change from our current forecast. We will have to see a lot of our renegotiation on our rates, on the big pieces up that are on the back half of the year and we will have to see how that works versus what we had based on the guidance. If the spot rates remain slow, there could be some opportunity as we move through the fourth quarter. But no major changes at this point.
Scott Goldenberg: Well, we have different things, but the biggest piece of it is on the lot of the freight lines and driver. Not the ocean freight, not the intermodal and that's in the beginning of the fourth quarter, end of the third quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Having said that, the Click and Collect business was unusually strong. As you know, we haven't doing it for not that long, couple of years there and it was almost 50% of our online business in the U.K. was picked up the store. So clearly, bringing the customer into the store and as Ernie said, we think helping to drive additional traffic. So I think we are positive there as it continues. And we are doing about, in the U.K. about 5% of our U.K. business is done online.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I mean, we don't give specific guidance. We feel good. In this quarter, overall, the quarters are all pretty similar. We are seeing inventory down. We are down on the merchandise margin, overall for TJX, largely due to the incremental freight. If not for freight, we would be roughly flat. Clearly, just to talk about this quarter for one second and then going forward, we are very pleased with the mark-on, particularly at HomeGoods. Going back to all those difficult environment from a sales point of view, we did beat both our internal guidance and our last year, both at mark-on, at HomeGoods and Marmaxx and in Europe as well in terms of what we thought we were going to do. So we are really pleased there. Going forward, no real change to the overall margin. There is slightly down at Marmaxx and the bit more down at HomeGoods, but largely due to freight. The components of mark-on and markdowns are positive. So that's really no real change to that story. We are seeing a little bit more pressure in Canada and particularly a little in Europe in the back half as the currency movement has been down, particularly the Canadian dollar is almost $0.03 less than last year. So that's been embedded in our guidance, but a little more than what we would have thought starting the year.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So inventory, we think will go down from what you see right now. Part of it is a lot of late arriving, what we call in-transit inventory arriving late in the quarter. That was one of the really three large components. The other third was just the sheer number of new stores. We have more than last year. So that will obviously continue at least for the rest of the year. The third component is DC inventories. We are up. Really, the majority of that was a bit early receipts, a little earlier than we had anticipated, but I think it's reflected in that we were getting great buying opportunities in the marketplace. Some of the vendors, in all likelihood, had brought their inventories in a bit earlier and it was available to us to take it with some very good buys. So that accounted for the third piece of it. So we would expect the inventories to decrease overall from what you are seeing at these levels. But we feel real good about, as Ernie had indicated, our overall liquidity and ability to take advantage of the marketplace.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. It's Scott. We are planning approximate 275 remodels this year. And that number should go up as a chain matures over the next few years. And also just so I could get it out, we are doing over 60 store relocations, which has been very positive for us versus almost double the number of last year. So strong remodel and relocation program this year.
Scott Goldenberg: And Alexandra, one thing I neglected, I didn't mention when it comes to HomeGoods also. We talked in the past. HomeGoods is one of our fastest turning businesses. What you get with that is an extremely liquid, nimble business that when we do have areas that we need to look. It's just very easy to address it because they turn so fast. When you take markdowns there, we can we can clear areas we are not as happy with quickly and replenish with new buys which, again, they have been doing aggressively. And the other thing is, our customer satisfaction scores there continue to increase which shows you that we are amidst our traffic, which has been healthy, continuing to please the customer when she or he comes in the store. So just two other piece of info I thought you might want.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Just to add, I think certainly, as Ernie echoed, the environment, there is a lot of retailers that have been either shuttering stores or certainly had difficult sales. And so we have certainly seen more than our fair share and that's a large part of our business that have store stocks in the Europe environment. We mentioned that last year, but that continues. The branded content, as Ernie mentioned, has continued to be positive. So I think again and the overall delta between us, our performance and the other retailers that we track has continued to increase, I think, for about the fourth or fifth quarter in a row. So all positive. But I think this quarter is much similar to last quarter is that the business in both within the U.K. and across Europe was strong across all of Europe. So I think just that we like, as have always talked about at Marmaxx, the consistency of the business.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Germany, all the countries, Poland and the new countries that we opened up, both the Netherlands and Austria over the last few years.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. I will take that. The CapEx, last year we under-spent by $100 million to $200 million range on projects that I wouldn't say that just were deferred or the timing of them got done were going to get done in fiscal 2020 versus 2019. So that's approximately half of the increase. And then we do have some spending per new distribution centers and our home office in Europe that largely make up for the rest of that. A bit more spending on, as Ernie mentioned, really on remodels. And a bit more of and that's probably the next biggest piece, but it's the capital on DCs, home office, remodels and just timing from last year. I would say that, just to be clear, though, we view that as a peak in the more normalized range, although we certainly are not giving guidance on any other components would be closer to the $1.30 billion to $1.4 billion range as a more normalized range.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I would just add that we do think the supply chain, the rate of deleverage will decrease. The freight, we do believe, will the rate of deleverage will moderate. We also have had due to the sheer number of stores, we have been taking advantage of the real estate the last few years. That deleverage will go down as we have said, we are going to moderate the number of store openings. So there should be significantly less deleverage there which also, as we open up less stores, we have been very positive in terms of our new store openings. But the cannibalization will also, we believe, go down and that should allow for better flow through as well. So I think don't think of it just one thing. I think there is three or four large things that I think will, I don't think we are going to, you are not going to see the large types of profit increases but I think you will see profit increases going forward.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. We are not going to name the specific categories. There were a lot of non-weather related categories that did perform well. So I think that does bode well. Our customer satisfaction score is similar to HomeGoods. We are up. So the customers are coming and liking what they see. We opened up 12 stores in the quarter of the 30 we are going to up. They are performing well. As the 30 stores that we opened last year are performing better than our performance. We also having an aggressive, as I mentioned, overall an aggressive relocation program in Canada of 14 stores this year, which should help us as we move through the year. So again, customer traffic was up and we do feel good about at least what we are set up to do for the rest of the year.
Scott Goldenberg: And similar what we said the last couple quarters. Very flat in terms of very little differences between across the country.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And that, we think as far as to do just the way we are allocating the goods and all that, doing a great job and with our remodel programs. But we talk about the age of our chains, strong comps when you look at our stores from 10 years to 25 years. So all the new stores run at a higher rate but very strong comps on our overall fleet.
Scott Goldenberg: Okay. So well, first of all, as far as the color on the start to this quarter, we are only in for two weeks of quarter and we are very confident in our solid guidance of the 2% to 3% comp for the quarter, which is as you know, Paul, is historically higher than what we would normally go out at. So that's kind of right now what we are willing to stick to.
Scott Goldenberg: And we have learned a lot obviously from our tjmaxx.com business, which are asking about. And so some of it, clearly, those learnings, we didn't think about launching marshals.com because we had those learnings. We wanted to be well entrenched. And there are many, we also believe that there is halo effect that because of tjmaxx.com and we believe in offering customers the ability to shop 24/7 and we know will attract new customers that are loyal Marshalls customers that are kind of waiting for this. And we wanted to give them the opportunity shop across channels. So again, we are working methodically to make sure we do it the right way. But I do have to say, our priority is to have a successful launch. Our timing is not necessarily the thing, is not our number one priority. Our launching it correctly is the number one priority for marshals.com, that is.
