Ernie L. Herrman: Thanks, Franco. Before we begin, I'd like to congratulate Deb McConnell on the recent birth of her son. As Deb is on maternity leave, Jeff Botte will start us off with some opening comments.
Ernie L. Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Jeff on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I'd like to begin by saying that 2016 was another terrific year for TJX. Net sales increased 7% over last year's 6% increase. Consolidated comp store sales were up a strong 5%, above our plan and over a 5% increase last year. Adjusted earnings per share were $3.53, also above our expectations. We are convinced that we are gaining market share around the globe, as customer traffic was the primary driver of comp sales at every major division for the year. Clearly, our differentiated mix of great fashions and brands at amazing values continues to resonate with consumers. We were also very pleased with the excellent performance across our apparel, accessories and home businesses in 2016. We celebrated 40 years as a company in 2016. We are proud of our long, consistent history of sales and profit growth and successful expansion of our off-price concept across the U.S. and around the world. Over four decades, we have had an annual comparable store sales decline in only one year. Further, 2016 marked our 21st consecutive year of comp sales increases. We believe our long track record of consistency and growth is a testament to the people in our organization and our ability to leverage the power of our flexible business model through many types of economic and retail environments, and in many different geographies. We are pleased to finish 2016 with above-plan results in the fourth quarter. Net sales increased 6% and comp sales grew 3%, over a very strong 6% increase last year. Once again, customer traffic drove the comp increase and our merchandise margin was up. Earnings per share were $1.03, significantly above our expectations. We believe our continued sales, traffic and merchandise margin growth speaks to the fundamental strength of our business. Looking ahead, we feel great about our prospects for growth in the near and long-term in building on our market share. We have many initiatives underway to drive sales and customer traffic. We are confident we will achieve our goals, and as always, we will strive to exceed them. In 2016, we surpassed $33 billion in sales, which gives us great confidence as we continue to grow TJX as the only major international off-price retailer in the world. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our fourth quarter and our full-year numbers.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yeah, I think all I would say, Matt, is that for all of the things we talked about in the script, in terms of the fundamental strength, we have a high degree of confidence in all of the differentiators and the way we can take advantage of the environment we're in. And as much as we're not giving specifics on the long-term growth, we're really feeling that we would expect our earnings per share growth to slightly improve each year over the next couple of years. So we're seeing that like – we're feeling pretty comfortable, we'll see that ticking up. Barring everything stays apples-to-apples in terms of wage, state-by-state, all around us. So, hopefully, that adds some more color to you.
Ernie L. Herrman: So we really haven't seen anything dramatic there. What's happening is there's a lot of noise around, Lindsay, in terms of the market share gain because what's happening clearly is there's just a couple of sectors in the businesses, obviously, online is one of them and in off-price, ourselves and others is the other and clearly gaining market share. Some of that could be because of stores closing but some of the noise gets – it gets kind of tough to do all of these analyses because you also have some businesses, even if they're not closing they're down trending. So, obviously, there's market share that's being capitalized on from a few different ways. So we don't see really a specific pattern in that. Not to say that it wouldn't happen over time. Some of those closings are more recent, but over time it's possible. Hopefully that helps answer your question though.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yeah, we actually – we were quite specific last year at the end of – when we did the first quarter call, Scott and I were quite transparent about how favorable the weather was. We also didn't want people getting too used to the comps that we delivered in the first quarter last year because it was so strong given one of the most favorable weather patterns we had ever seen in our first quarter. So I would say that our weather pattern this year is a little bit more like a traditional first-quarter weather pattern which, as you know, unfortunately, isn't as favorable as last year's. So that's what really we're talking about. So that gives you a little bit of a fall-off, which is a little piece of our first quarter guidance there. Having said that, it's still early for us to be talking about the first quarter because we have a lot of the quarter to go and the important thing I think everyone needs to remember and I like to reiterate is that our business model really differentiates us by the flexibility that we have. So we are able to capitalize and react and read to the marketplace and move much quicker than most of the other major retailers. So getting away from the weather situation, which other retailers could feel as well, if you say, well that could happen to everyone, you would think that could create opportunities and that's where our business model really plays out. We're able to take advantage of those. So we're in a strong liquidity position and I would tell you we're in a wait-and-see mode. So we want to really, right now, not based on what's going on around us, we would just want to take that conservative approach for first quarter, and believe me, our teams are all driven to exceed the plans. As Scott has said many times, we want to have conservative plans though. Based a little bit on the weather thing you asked about, based a little bit on the environment, we just said let's be conservative. We have liquidity, we can flex, and again, our intention is to always exceed our plans.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yeah, sure. Great question, Omar. A couple things we're playing into it. The first of all, ironically – this is anecdotal – on my first trip over there, I was with Michael MacMillan who obviously the business reports to, and we had a couple of customers while we were walking through the store, they must have known we were management, and said they were traveling from other places, and they asked us, is this a T.K. Maxx because they were confused. And clearly it wasn't. It was a Trade Secret. So right away – and then of course we did more studies. We knew that the brand was important. I would tell you we have been thinking on and off about doing this a lot earlier, but we did not want to do it till we had made the progress on the merchandising and distribution and supply chain lines to get the stores in the place where we felt it was okay to put the T.K. Maxx brand on it. So it's a great question, Omar, because we weren't ready. One reason, it's like now is we weren't confident enough, quite honestly, a few months ago, say, put the name on it. Now we have made tremendous progress. I could not be more excited about the business that we've been seeing of recent the last couple of months, and we have been doing these remodels. Some of our associates here that have recently been over there have talked about how great the remodels is. Look, it's just T.J. – you would feel like you're in a T.J. Maxx or a T.K. Maxx. And now the most important thing is the merchandise is reflecting the content that we are proud of where we say now we're comfortable rebranding it to T.K. Maxx, because you can imagine we did not want to do that if we didn't think the mix was up to what that brand is. So I hope that answers your question and all I can tell you is if you ever have a chance to be there you would find it to be a very exciting format. And the customer base there is – Scott has been there fairly recently, would tell you, the customer base is really in our sweet spot and they're very value driven. They just haven't had options much in the past.
Ernie L. Herrman: We haven't given – there's 35 stores now and let's just say the majority will be converted – well, they will all be converted, but the remodels will be remodeled and there will be four openings this year.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yeah, so we've seen – it feels like out there that things are a little bit more promotional currently, but we don't know that for a fact, nor do we know how long that goes on. The good news is we operate very bottom-up from the buyer level up where we constantly shop all retails and ensure that our GAAP is below them. So I think what you're getting at is if they continue to get promotional, could that hold our ticket down. That's another factor that, yes, part of our model was to always never be undersold. So that could. That has not really been a driver of it because we've – as witnessed by our market share gains, we've been keeping quite the appropriate gap in retail between us and the other retailers. So I don't see that as being a big switch going forward, but in this environment, it's hard to look too far out because there's so much unknown still.
Ernie L. Herrman: Sure. So, Oliver, I think it's kind of a multi-pronged question because it's kind of a mix. We have so many brands now. So if you look the one thing we talked about is HomeGoods, for example, right, this year is going to open – we're going to open in our HomeGoods division like 85 stores, of which four are the new concept. But that still leaves a chunk of stores and many of those are hitting new markets. In fact, those conversion stores we talked about that are in some of the Marmaxx stores are actually hitting markets that HomeGoods would not have been in. So we are specifically, in that case quite specifically, hitting new markets with that brand. If you look at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, you're running into places where we are in so many places already. You're starting to get to different markets, but maybe B and C markets in a different trading area. So a little bit – not such a green empty market for us, but one where we can do more business with the appropriate population and demographics. So it's a bit of a mix. We have some Sierra Trading Post stores open. Those are clearly going into new markets because it's such a young business. If you think it down the road of the new concept in home that we just extended because we just believe home continues to present for us because of the way we do it in such a differentiated value manner, just continues to create this enormous opportunity for TJX in total. If you think about this new business, which is only starting with four stores later this year, that to us is a – you're talking about going to all the markets because it's a new business and we're going to be going after categories that aren't so penetrated in the HomeGoods store and are going to allow us to actually go after categories in other markets that we're not in at all with those type of product categories. And we've actually – just so, we've been testing – you guys would not realize this, but we've been testing many of those home categories for the last year and year-and-a-half. You guys wouldn't realize it by the way we've been testing it, but that's allowing us to plant the seeds and feel a high degree of confidence on what the store can do for business when it starts up later on this year. So good question, I think it various almost by each of our brands a little bit. Hopefully that helps.
Ernie L. Herrman: So that's pretty, Oliver, kind of what – it's just a basic strategy we have to ensure that our chain is up-to-date and that we don't lose – so in some cases, by the way, we have found and it's a little cloudy at this point. In some cases we actually got a little sales lift, and a lot of cases you're trying to ensure that you don't deteriorate and you keep yourself up to the current standards that allow us to continue to make the customer happy from a shopping environment. And that's really where we've been. So we look at the customer service feedback, which I think I referred to in my script. We are constantly looking at that in a very timely manner, more so than we have for years, and we can kind of zero in on what stores between that. And our real estate team does a fantastic job of knowing when and where we need to pull the trigger to remodel a store. Again, we're fortunate because our brick-and-mortar business is healthy, and so we have the cash to keep reinvesting. That's another place where Scott is always having to manage all of our investments that we do, but we think remodels are critical. And we do believe it is one of the reasons that we continue to have a healthy brick-and-mortar business as we don't allow our stores to get outdated. And when we do our remodels, we look at functional improvements as well. It isn't just an atmosphere. It's a functional improvement approach in addition to an atmosphere redesign. So, yes, we are bullish. We do flex with it, and you'll see our remodel number vary a little year-to-year based on a bottom-up approach, feedback.
Ernie L. Herrman: Right. Good questions. So first of all, let me address the first part on the apparel question that you're getting at. So, as you know, we're pretty dominant in apparel right now with our Maxx and Marshalls businesses in the states. I would tell you that a lot of the Sierra Trading Post business is apparel that we'll be looking at. There's nothing on the plate right now in terms of another brand, in terms of apparel, but that's not to say never. We're always looking and innovating and testing lots of ideas around here, and I would tell you that it's not that that idea has not come up. I would say we have toyed with different versions, but as you know we're pretty methodical in that we don't want to do too many things at once. So if you're us, what we're looking at right now is we have a high degree of confidence in our Australia business, which is a full-line store, very much we do, apparel driven. We like the way our Maxx and Marshalls business is going, and we're looking at where we think we are most underpenetrated from opportunity potential is in our home arena in the U.S. And it just screams at us. Obviously, and you're aware of all the success. So we are bullish in terms of some of the apparel parts of the Sierra Trading Post expansion, and we're bullish about those stores specifically. And getting at that, we've put a new infrastructure in place, a planning organization in place, and we've actually put some systems in place that are going to allow us to handle those apparel and non-apparel areas in a much more TJX-way of shipping and selling the goods. So, I know, I don't think I'm totally answering your question about where do we see apparel going, but I think you were trying to get the lay of the land, so to speak.
Ernie L. Herrman: I can't really comment specifically on a family business like that, but it's a good question. Very good question, Dana.
Ernie L. Herrman: I guess we have taken our last call, and we would say again, we've been very excited to have this time with you guys today. Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to updating you on our first quarter earnings call in May. Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. We have a lot to share on this call and want to leave enough time for your questions, so in the interest of time, I am not going to repeat many of the numbers in the press release and will instead focus on the financial highlights. We are very pleased that our sales and traffic momentum continued in the fourth quarter. Again, our 3% comp was over a 6% last year and above our plan. Further, our comp was driven by traffic again this quarter. As a reminder, this comp excludes our e-commerce businesses. Diluted earnings per share were $1.03 versus last year's $0.99, well above our expectations. It was great to see strong EPS flow through on the above-plan sales. EPS growth was negatively impacted by 3% due to wage increases and 5% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. Merchandise margin was up significantly again in the fourth quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were down 4% on a constant-currency basis. We begin a new year with excellent liquidity and are well-positioned to flow fresh spring fashions and selections to our stores. Now to recap our fourth quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comp increased a strong 3% over a 6% increase last year. Once again, customer traffic was the primary driver of the comp increase. We saw significant growth in units sold and a decrease in average ticket as we planned. Apparel, accessories and home all performed well, which is great to see in today's retail environment. Segment profit margin decreased 30 basis points. Merchandise margin was up significantly, but was more than offset due to the negative impact from wage increases as expected and additional supply-chain costs. Marmaxx is now a $20 billion plus business and we still see plenty of room to grow our largest division. HomeGoods delivered another great quarter with comps increasing a very strong 5% over last year's 7% increase. Segment profit margin was down 50 basis points. As we anticipated, wage increases and supply chain costs associated with the opening of our new distribution center had a significant negative impact on HomeGoods' margin. HomeGoods had another outstanding year as it surpassed the $4 billion sales milestone. TJX Canada's fourth quarter comps grew a strong 4% over a 14% increase last year. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was up 40 basis points and merchandise margin was up significantly. TJX Canada had an excellent year, opening up its 400th store, achieving US$3 billion sales and delivering strong performance across all three chains. TJX International comps were up 2% in the fourth quarter. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 50 basis points, due to integrating Trade Secret, wage increases and some expense deleverage. We were pleased with our performance and believe we held up better than most European retailers despite the challenging retail environment. We are convinced that we are gaining market share in Europe and feel great about this division's long-term growth plans. Now to our full year consolidated fiscal 2017 results. Again, we are thrilled that our 5% comp increase over last year's 5% increase was above our plan and driven by customer traffic. Further, the traffic was the primary driver of the comp increase at each of our four major divisions. Diluted earnings per share were $3.46 versus last year's $3.33. Excluding a third quarter debt extinguishment charge and pension settlement charge totaling $0.07, adjusted earnings per share were $3.53, a 6% increase over last year and above our most recent plan. Full-year EPS growth was negatively impacted by 3% due to wage increases and 2% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. Merchandise margin was up significantly for the year on top of a solid increase last year. I'll finish with our financial strength and shareholder distributions. Our business continues to generate excellent cash flows and strong financial returns. In fiscal 2017, free cash flow was $2.6 billion and our ROIC remains one of the highest we have seen in retail as we maintain our disciplined approach to capital allocation. As we said before, we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs, while simultaneously reinvesting in the business for the near and long-term. In fiscal 2017, we returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through these programs. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie and I'll recap our first quarter and full year fiscal 2018 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah, it's been almost two full years now since we've given out the long-term model, and as we talked about I think almost every quarter for the last two years, we haven't been giving detail on our long-term model at this point. So the better way maybe to look at it this year is on the 1% to 2% comp that we are guiding to, we have the 53-week benefit, so we're going out with 12% at the high to $3.89. The 53rd week's worth 3%. We had the one time – last year, we had the debt extinguishment and settlement, which is worth 2%, getting to the 5% to 7%, which includes some of the share-based compensation that we called out (34:13). So a 5% on a 2% comp would be the best way to rec, if you were going to rec to what we've done the last year or two. Again, only on a 2% comp, this year 6% was on a higher comp. Compared to the plan that we went out last year where we went out at the high end of the range with a 2% EPS growth rate on the 1% to 2% comp, there's been some moderation in the FX and in the wage. All things, the model is relatively similar to it has been in the past. And at this point, we still have, as I called out earlier, some wage pressure that we think is going forward, some investments to support our growth. So we're not really commenting on it much than that, but Ernie is going to weigh in also on that.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah, and as Ernie said, between the remodels we've been doing at the back half of this past year and the remodels we're doing this spring, we'll have most of the stores that we want remodeled by the time we launch the conversions and the marketing campaign in the spring this year. And it also helped that last year, we opened up a distribution center, so now we're able to ship the way we ship in our off-price model and the rest of our divisions and give those stores the multiple deliveries they get a week that keep the freshness. So we're excited.
Scott Goldenberg: Well, we plan the model pretty similarly every year. We're planning the merchandise margin up on top of a fairly significant – almost – approximately 20 basis point increase this year, so we do still have some margin pressure, approximately 10 basis points relative to the drop in the British pound, as the drop in the spring after the Brexit announcement. So we have the pressures well, but we know it's – we've had – we feel pretty good. We continue to work on our planning and allocation and our inventory management and we've certainly had increases for each of the last five years, but it's, again, we still think there's room for improvement, but we're just planning it slightly up.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. It's a great question. I think some of it has to do – some of this is short and medium term and then there's long term. I think HomeGoods is a great example of something that's the longer term where clearly we couldn't call it all out, but I think our investment there was highly correlated to what we saw as the opportunities to grow market share and our store. So we had to invest in DCs ahead of our increased growth in our both new stores and HomeGoods, the store conversions Ernie talked about in the new store concept, so there's a case where you need to build out ahead of the growth. In terms of talking – we've talked about this before, Marmaxx, some of this was unforeseen as the average retailer decreased a bit more but we, again, think that has been extremely positive both – obviously it's a combination of both mix and price, but to our overall growth, it could go other way if retails stabilize and go the other way where you could end up – some of the growth we have in DCs, the out years could be delayed and we would get some synergies and you're talking about a reverse average ticket. Other than that, just some of it's been a timing of replacing DCs that were older as we've had in both – what we're going to be doing in Europe this year and we may have in Marmaxx in a couple years. So I think it's going to be more lumpy, but we still see, given the growth trajectory that we called out in the new store growth, it's still going to be an impact at least for the next year or two. And then we would hope it moderate, but there are too many factors to be crystal clear at this point on what that deleverage or flattening will be or when it will be.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, so let me get to the short-term piece of that before Ernie goes on, on the broader piece. Speaking at Marmaxx, both the fourth quarter of this past year and the first quarter of what we see this year was primarily almost entirely due to mix. So that really has little to do with the pricing dynamic or what the other – because we're maintaining our value equation with the other retailers. It's just that we – as we've always done, have tried to adjust the mix to we see what the customer preferences are. And that has just spurred to a slightly lower average retail.
Scott Goldenberg: And at the same time, for the last couple of quarters, at least, and we still think for the first quarter, we've been able to give the customer that value...
