Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to congratulate Deb McDonald (sic) [Deb McConnell], our Senior Vice President of Global Communications on her recent birth of her son. As Deb is on maternity leave, Doreen Thompson will start us off with some opening comments.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Doreen. Joining me and Doreen on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. So let me begin by saying that I'm extremely pleased with our continued momentum and first quarter performance. Our terrific merchandise mix and great values are resonating with our consumers across all of our geographies. Earnings per share increased 8% above last year and well exceeded our plan. Consolidated comp store sales grew 5%, also well above our expectation. This marks our 25th consecutive quarter of consolidated comp store sales growth. It was great to see that similar to last quarter, the comp was almost entirely driven by customer traffic and we had a strong increase in units sold. We were also pleased to see a strong increase in our merchandise margins. Importantly, we achieved these results despite significant foreign currency headwinds and while simultaneously investing in our business to support our future growth. Our underlying business is very strong and I am confident that our momentum will continue. We enter the second quarter in excellent shape. Our values are better than ever and accolades for our in-store experience, which keeps improving. We attribute this in part to our motivated store associate base. We have many initiatives planned this year to drive traffic and keep our momentum going. With our above first quarter performance, we're raising our full year earnings per share and comp store sales guidance. Further, we are expecting to surpass $30 billion in sales this year. The second quarter is off to a very strong start and as always, our management team is passionate and striving to surpass our goal. We remain confident in the magnitude of our long-term global growth opportunities and that we have the right growth strategies in place to become a $40 billion plus global value retailer. So before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our first quarter numbers.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, Courtney, we always have a lot of initiatives in place, but we intend to continue to offer incredible value and we had some great marketing initiatives going forward. So, we are pretty excited about going forward with the business.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And I would comment that as always, we are trying to keep everybody home and back a little bit because there is a ton of goods out there.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Omar, we look at everything in total brand. So the combination of tjmaxx.com and T.J. Maxx together is the way we look at it. Obviously, we're trying to leverage as much as we can. We're advertising a little bit more heavily like you'll see in-store, but we're very, very pleased with what we're seeing. And again, I have to reiterate that our online business is a continuation of different SKUs and excitement to the consumer. So I don't believe – and from what we see initially, we'll have cannibalization. So we're pretty excited about the business in totality. But more importantly, it's about building our brand and we're bringing in younger customers. So, we're pretty excited about it.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: What I would say, first of all, our apparel business and our home business is strong really across the board. So I think some of the things that – it always comes back to execution for us. So, for example, our junior business, we had said was a bit tough and I think Ernie and his team did a lot to fix the business. So it's very, very strong. We have a lot of initiatives. So I believe it's execution. Ernie, you want to...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yeah. So, I've said it many times, we love being next to Primark and fast fashion because it really just drives the traffic along with the other off-pricers. So it just creates a Mecca for us. I don't usually comment on the competition, but I will comment that I think we built the machine over 38 years and we're pretty proud of it. And I think we have tremendous growth ahead of us. So I don't look at it as – I don't worry about who were near. I'm happy that anybody brings traffic, we're very happy.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yeah. So it's across the board. So we raised the comps and it includes all divisions. And as far as the February, March, April, obviously, March being the strongest, which was typical. But again, we were strong across all areas in the country, all geographies and all three months were pretty strong.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, first of all, as I said before, there's a ton of goods out there. We have new stores. We had packaway. Our average ticket is down because we want to offer outrageous value and we're buying to the trends of the business. So it's all of those elements. And I think, Ernie and the guys are just, again, trying to hold back because there are great – across the board, there's a lot of goods out there and a lot of great brands.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yeah, I was going to say, you have to understand that our supply chain gets quicker so we can deliver. Our goal is deliver – to deliver more times during the week. So we are always building that number. So, that's really, really important. And that's part of our investment, it's – and part of our secret sauce. It's part of the way we run our business and we're going to keep making that faster and faster, which makes our goods fresher. So if you have a trend, you can buy to the trend that week and get it into the stores. And that's what you're trying to do.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yeah. That's mostly in the buy. Obviously, it's in the buy and driving sales. Those are the two elements.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. It is still in that range. It is above plan, where we planned it. We're very, very pleased with it. And more importantly, we've nearly doubled the number of vendors. And again, we're increasing the categories. So we're extremely pleased with the business. And again, the most important thing is what we believe is it's not cannibalizing. And we'll see more results as time goes on. But we're very pleased with the business.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. So first of all, it goes back to learning and we learned a lot when we entered Germany and we entered Poland. So we do a lot of investigation, research, understanding the mix, the supply chain, the customer, looking at the right real estate so that we're testing real estate in a low – a smaller market and a bigger market so that we get a feel. So there is a lot of work. It's sometimes a year to two years in advance. And we have teams that actually go and spend a lot of time. So we have a very good playbook in terms of entering new countries and we use that playbook so that we go in, we analyze and then we can grow from there. We have increased our number of European stores this year and again at year-end, we'll talk to the next year. But it gives us room to look at more real estate. We added two countries. The Netherlands has 17 million people. So, again, coming back to we have a very good playbook and we can leverage the foundation that we already have in the infrastructure.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yeah. And, Stephen, again, it's important for us to go into smaller markets and bigger markets. We open a big city in Germany, the volumes are enormous. But you want to be able to be across the country and the outskirts in addition.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So the dollar spend is fairly flat to last year. However, each division has a slightly different strategy. So there's a lot more social media, a little less TV in Canada. We're revamping some things in Europe. So we have some new initiatives in Europe that we're pretty excited about. And we are leveraging all of our businesses for the back half. We have some really exciting things for gift giving in the fourth quarter across the board. So we are spending equal dollars but we think we're getting a bigger bang for the buck this year. And obviously, we did a lot of testing last year, we did a lot of analytics and we react to the analytics.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We really don't talk to categories and our initiatives unless I will tell you something really needs to be fixed and we'll fix it. But our home categories across the board has really been very, very strong. But again, I will come back to apparel, we're pretty excited about. So we have a lot going on that's very positive.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Our loyalty programs are doing very well, both our rewards cards and our soft loyalty program. We've gotten some great results in Europe and that's expanding. In Canada, it's extremely strong. So I would tell you that we're gaining more customers shopping all of our brands because when they join the loyalty programs, they really tend to shop all our brands. And as I said before, when you shop one versus two versus three brands, it's an enormous increase in the spend per year. So, we're seeing a lot of different things happening. And again, we are gaining a lot of younger customers.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. We do combos wherever we can and where it makes sense, where we can get the square footage and it's absolutely terrific for us. No, we're not seeing any impact in tourism. In terms of across the board, our sales, our comps are pretty consistent. So we don't believe we're being hit by that at all.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Mike, the port, we can't tell you what it's really yielded. I mean, we pick the right goods, the best goods that we can find. In some cases, it may have been a delay from the port. But I could say this a thousand times. There is so much goods around the world that we take advantage of every situation. We have probably a piece of our business we got from the port delay. But it doesn't have an enormous impact to our business. And we will take advantage of everything in terms of packaway and great value and that's what we strive to do is just offer outrageous value.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yeah. So we had a very strong Easter month, the month of March. And I say at some quarters you get affected by weather and it's dramatic and in the aggregate, you usually make up for it. So in the Northeast and in the North, we still had pretty strong comps. Were they softer in the month of February with the snow? Yes. And did it come back as soon as the weather cleared? Yes. So we always look at everything in the aggregate.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I would not be happy if we didn't beat the 1% to 2% for the back half. Ernie and I would be disappointed and we always try to surpass our goals.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And that will (54:48) the cycle and mitigate a bit towards the end of the back half. We're still driving – the retails will be down again at Q2 because we think it's the right thing to do. But then we do start to cycle a bit towards the back half.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes and yes. We are learning a lot about social media to get directly to the younger customer. We're doing a lot of in-store initiatives and the home guys are targeting a piece of their business to the younger customer. And new apartments and when kids get out of college and school and they start working, so we have a lot of things going towards appealing to the younger customer from merchandising and from the marketing perspective.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you. I want to thank everyone and we look forward to giving you the second quarter results. Thank you again. Thank you, Cheryl.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 5%, well above our plan. As a reminder, our comp sales exclude e-commerce. We were very pleased that our comp was almost entirely driven by customer traffic and that that traffic was up significantly at each of our divisions. As Carol mentioned, it was also great to see a strong increase in our units sold. Diluted earnings per share were $0.69, an 8% increase over last year's $0.64, and also well above our plan. As we expected and detailed on our fourth quarter call, our first quarter EPS growth was negatively impacted by about 9% due to the combination of foreign currency, transactional foreign exchange, incremental investments, employee payroll and pension costs. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 11.1%, down 20 basis points versus the prior year, and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 28.3%, up 40 basis points versus last year, primarily due to strong merchandise margin improvement, to a lesser extent buying and occupancy leverage on the 5% comp. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 17.0%, up 50 basis points versus last year's ratio primarily due to higher payroll cost, our incremental investments and pension cost as we had anticipated. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were up 4% on a constant currency basis versus a 1% decline last year. In terms of share repurchases, during the first quarter, we bought back $415 million of TJX stock, retiring 6.1 million shares. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion of TJX stock this year. In addition, we increased the per share dividend by 20% in March, marking the 19th consecutive year of dividend increases. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll recap our second quarter and full year guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now, to fiscal 2016 guidance, beginning with the full year. As we stated in our press release today, we are raising our full year diluted earnings per share guidance to reflect our strong first quarter results. We now expect fiscal 2016 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.21 to $3.27, over $3.15 in fiscal 2015. Excluding last year's debt extinguishment charge, fiscal 2016 expected EPS would be up 2% to 3% over the prior year's adjusted $3.16. As a reminder, we are planning earnings per share growth more conservatively this year to reflect the impact of several factors. These include foreign currency, transactional foreign exchange, investments in our associates, incremental investments to support our growth and pension costs. Combined, we are assuming these items will have a negative impact of about 8% to our fiscal 2016 EPS growth. We are also increasing our full year comp store sales guidance. We now expect a comp increase of 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis and a comp increase of 2% at Marmaxx. We continue to expect pre-tax profit margin to be in the 11.6% to 11.8% range versus 12.2% in fiscal 2015. Excluding last year's debt extinguishment charge, expected fiscal 2016 pre-tax profit margins would be down 50 basis points to 70 basis points versus the prior year's adjusted 12.3%. We continue to look for gross margin – gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.4% to 28.5%, which would be flat to down 10 basis points versus fiscal 2015. We are planning for an increase in merchandise margins despite the foreign currency pressure we're assuming. We continue to expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be approximately 16.6% versus 16.1% last year. Again, this is primarily due to our wage initiative, as well as our incremental investments. Moving to the second quarter, as our original guidance contemplated, we expect that Q2 could be the most challenging for EPS growth. This is due to the currency, wage, investment and pension items we referenced in the press release, as well as a favorable adjustment that benefited us last year and the timing of some expenses. I want to emphasize that our outlook for the business remains unchanged and that all of our divisions are very strong. We are a management team that works extremely hard to surpass our goals. Now, to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.74 over last year's $0.73 per share. Excluding last year's debt extinguishment charge, Q2 expected EPS would be down 1% to 4% versus the prior year's adjusted $0.75. Similar to the full year, this guidance also assumes the impact of several factors. These include an expected negative impact to EPS growth of about 9% combined from foreign currency, transactional foreign exchange, investment in associates, incremental investments and pension costs. We're modeling second quarter consolidated sales in the $7.1 billion to $7.2 billion range. This guidance assumes a 3% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we're assuming growth in the 2% to 3% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Second quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned to be in the 11.2% to 11.4% range, down 90 basis points to 110 basis points versus the prior year's adjusted 12.3%. We're anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.6%. This would be flat to down 10 basis points versus the prior year, and assumes continued foreign currency pressure and additional supply chain cost. Despite these factors, we are planning for merchandise margins to be slightly up. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 17.1% to 17.2% range, versus 16.2% last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.0% and net interest expense of about $12 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 686 million. Before I finish, I would like to take a moment to discuss our implied back half guidance. We expect EPS to be in the range of $1.81 to $1.85, which would be a 2% to 5% increase over last year's $1.77. We expect currency exchange rates, investments in our associates, incremental investments to support our growth and pension costs to negatively impact EPS growth by approximately 8%. This guidance is based on consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2%. It's important to remember our guidance for the second quarter back half and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the second quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep this call on schedule, we're going to ask you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. We've had, Courtney, plenty of availability of exciting brands and buys. It's hard to pinpoint necessarily whether it was due to the port or not. We have to believe that some of it was. So overall, we would say that the market has had a lot of exciting deals for us to take advantage of.
Scott Goldenberg: Hi, Daniel. We did a great job of mitigating in Canada a lot of the mark on pressure that we were seeing from headwinds. So it would have been better in Canada than the already strong numbers that we posted there. And we had some impact of currency in Europe as we do deal in multicurrency there, so there was some, I'll call it, revaluing of our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the division's local currency a bit of a technical answer in terms of some of the cost that you have for the timing of multicurrency settlements. So that cost is between that and that, but it was not a big piece of an adjustment. The bigger piece was still in the mark-to-market and the translational impact for the quarter. And those were pretty much the translational. It's a little bit more than we had actually thought because the currency average for the quarter was actually a bit negative to us versus what we have thought. And the mark-to-market impact was also a bit more as the currencies increased at the end of the year – at the end of the quarter, again, more than we had planned. So the overall currency – total currency impact was 5% versus a planned 4% when we had started the quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. I think part of it in the short-term is we're investing in a pretty good growth rate at the moment. The cost of real estate, as Carol called, the payroll/other benefit cost is higher there as well. And then you do not have – if we had several thousand stores like within Marmaxx, you're able to leverage obviously the home office and other infrastructure. So I think those are the three biggest pieces.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. Over time – again, I think some of the countries that might individually, like Germany, might be able to approach those levels if the four walls profit is quite good. But yeah, as Carol said, hopefully we could get somewhere in between and then we'll have to see based on the volumes. Again, the volumes – again, using Germany as an example, are quite – we do offset a lot of those costs due to the high volumes per store, but at the moment, we're not saying we can get to the Marmaxx levels.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah, you have it pretty much right in terms of the second quarter will be close – certainly a bigger increase. We had the state and local mandated increases in the first quarter. Investment growth, one of the reasons why the investment growth will be a bigger piece of the overall 9% that we put out there and a lot of that will be in the wage component of it. It will be relatively close in the back half of the year to what we're going to be seeing in the second quarter, so not enough to really call out as a big differentiator. Going forward, because of the timing of when we'll go to $10 and then annualizing some of the increase in $9, next year's impact will be higher than this year but then moderating and going down the year after.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. Again, we don't do it by the quarter, but I can certainly update you on the full year adjustments based on the first quarter. So I'll just, Michael, take it starting with Marmaxx, so as we said on the call, we have a 2% comp at the low and the high planned. The segment margin in the 14.2% to 14.4%, and that's down 40 basis points to down 20 basis points on volume of $19.5 billion to $19.6 billion, again, largely unchanged from the last time we gave guidance. HomeGoods, a 3% to 4% comp versus last year's 7% comp, 13.3% to 13.5%, down 30 basis points to down 10 basis points on $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion, and that reflects an increase both to the sales and to the margin based on the first quarter results. TJX Canada, 3% to 4% comp, again this is excluding FX 11.6% to 11.8%, down 190 basis points to down 170 basis points, again, these comps and the guidance reflect the strong performance of Canada in the first quarter. Europe is planned 3% to 4%, again, excluding FX 7.5% to 7.7%, down 50 basis points to down 30 basis points, slightly worse again than we had guided to, again, due to the performance in the first quarter. And that's $4.2 billion to $4.2 billion on the sales line.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. We're still planning merchandise margins slightly up. There's two components that hit in the gross profit margin line. One is you're producing with the average retails down a bit more than we had planned. We did plan them down, but not to the level they are – we are now forecasting that requires additional freight cost and additional cost in our DC to process that unit. So that's why the – again, despite that, we're still planning the merchandise margins slightly up. So it's just incremental cost to the gross profit margin.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. And just as a note, embedded in the – again, this is unchanged from our plan, but as we originally planned, there are some investments both for DCs and in the home office that primarily in Canada that impact and get our – impact the occupancy cost.
