Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I'd like to start the call today by expressing my gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work and dedication to TJX. For the past 2 years, our associates have gone above and beyond to operate our business through unprecedented times while also adapting to the constantly changing retail environment. I want to give special recognition to those associates who have been physically coming into work in our stores and distribution centers. In recognition of their efforts, we awarded a vast majority of them a discretionary appreciation bonus again this quarter. Now to an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results. I want to emphasize that the areas we directly control, like buying, store and distribution operations, our pricing strategy and our initiatives to drive traffic and sales, our execution was excellent due to the monumental efforts of our associates across the company. Moving to the details. I am extremely pleased with our top line performance in the fourth quarter. U.S. open-only comp store sales increased a very strong 13% when compared to fiscal 2020 or calendar year 2019. U.S. comp sales were trending higher than this before the surge in Omicron cases. This quarter represents the fourth consecutive quarter that U.S. open-only comp sales increased low teens or better. Comps at our U.S. home banners and in our home categories were excellent, and our Marmaxx apparel comp was up high single digits. Clearly, consumers continue to seek out our retail banners for exciting gifts and amazing values this holiday season. For the full year, U.S. open-only comp store sales increased an outstanding 17%. Overall, TJX sales of $48.5 billion were almost $7 billion more than in fiscal 2020. We are convinced that we captured significant market share, particularly in the U.S. where our stores were open the entire year, and we leveraged the strength and flexibility of our off-price business model. I want to highlight the excellent execution and collaboration of our buying, planning, distribution, logistics and store operations teams. They work together strategically to strategically buy goods earlier than we typically do to ensure the consistent flow of exciting merchandise to our stores and online to support our outstanding sales throughout the year. As a result, we offer consumers a great selection of branded quality merchandise at excellent values all year long. Going forward, we are laser-focused on our sales and profitability initiatives and remain committed to corporate responsibility. Again, we feel great about the areas of our business that we directly control and we'll continue to look for ways to mitigate the expense pressures currently impacting our business. Further, in an inflationary environment, we believe more consumers will be seeking out our values. Importantly, I am as confident as ever in the medium- and long-term outlook for TJX. We are the off-price leader in every country we operate in and believe we are in an excellent position to capture additional market share in these regions for many years to come. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to go over and cover our fourth quarter and full year results in more detail.
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Lorraine. Yes, first of all, what's happened around us, as you can see, even in some of the media that outwardly reported many of the retailers adjusting their prices across the board. I won't name them, but you probably read about certain retailers taking blanket approaches to raising their retails. So ironically, like anything in this business, I'm looking at this inflationary price increase as a major opportunity for us at TJX to get even more aggressive about adjusting our retails than we've been. So when we started off, as you know, we were taking a very -- the word I was using was surgically and then selectively adjusting retails, but we've had such strong success. And in fact, if you look at the fourth quarter merchandise margin, we had really healthy margins all the way through the back half of the year, really driven by a large part by the pricing strategy. So now, Lorraine, to your question, we are feeling like there's just major -- more significant room for improvement as we go over the next year or 2. And it's a multiyear strategy, by the way, as we said in the script. We're always monitoring the value about how we stack up against everybody else. But the one thing that's happening is everyone is getting here with the same cost pressures. So our merchants are diligent. They're diligent about looking at the -- where we -- where our out-the-door retail is relative to the promotional retail and other retailers. And we have just a high degree of confidence in the ability to do a significant amount this coming year to offset a really the lion's share, I think, of these cost pressures. So feeling great about that. Don't like, again, the freight and wage pressures that we're dealing with. They're pretty significant, as Scott talked about. Having said that, this pricing strategy is one of the biggest things in TJX that I think we can do to mitigate it, and we're very confident in it.
Ernie Herrman: Good questions, Paul. So let me start with the increase -- let me start with the pricing strategy first. No, it's actually not -- even though we would all -- at a high level, you would expect since in the home product area, some of it's more unique or a little bit more blind per se that you'd have more there, we are getting the price increases across the board. Marmaxx, very significant. Yes, HomeGoods significant. But every division, and as you can imagine, we monitor what's going on with each division consistently, pretty much weekly actually, and every division is participating in it. Proportionately, as you can imagine, the dollars are big because we've been open in the States. So your dollars are bigger in Marmaxx and HomeGoods, but I would say every division, we can see directionally, the pricing strategy is working. Again, we also get feedback on what's happening. So we monitor how are we doing with the goods that we've adjusted price on, and that's across every division. And it's extremely successful, no problems at all. And again, I give my -- the merchants a lot of credit because they are the ones that do all the work of really making sure when we do it, we're doing it strategically. We're looking at with the out-the-door retail is at the item whether it's HomeGoods or Marmaxx, Canada and UK as we're opening up, we're going to be more and more doing that. Sierra, who is -- by the way, our Sierra business has those same opportunities and they tend to trade from a moderate to very high end. So they can find pockets of it. As far as the unit breakdown, I'll let Scott jump in here a little as well. But on the 3% to 4% comp, it's going to -- everyone participates a little on that. We could have some -- we could have some average retail driving that really in the Marmaxx, for example, and we could actually be down slightly in units but drive our comp with ticket based on what's going on in the environment and the mix of goods within the store that we're going into. Scott, I don't know if you want...
Ernie Herrman: Paul, one other thing I'd point out on the 3% to -- as we say every year, and this is we believe we want to plan prudently, right? But you can imagine that the merchants in our business here, their goal is always to exceed their plans. So you can be sure that the management teams here would like to exceed those plans. But when you look at the stack that we're up against last year, as we talked about, we feel this is what we should plan. We don't really come up until the big -- the enormous comps we start coming up against are in pretty much mid-March, mid-March through April. So we're watching to see what happens there. So we are tracking strongly right now. We want some more information as we get to the middle of this quarter to the end of this quarter. And we'll probably have a little bit more clarity of our feel for the trend line on our next call.
Ernie Herrman: So Omar, you have gone right to the really, crux of the matter. When we look back at that last year, we could not read exactly when we were kicking in. We felt it was a combination of stimulus, pent-up demand because you have to remember, people have been cooped up. We are one of the more entertaining brick-and-mortar retailers to coming out of that, right? We're such an appealing format for people to distress and go shop from when they were a little cooped up. So we think -- and on the stimulus check, I think it might have been a little piece for sure. I think it was more of the other, of the pent-up demand, et cetera, because our trend line, as you know, from our results, continue for quite a while. Now the stimulus checks, it gets a little great. They were out there for quite a while. So yes, we believe that was a factor, but what percent of our huge double-digit comps was it, we, to this day, really don't know exactly. I think it's a small percent, but part of it. So all the more reason why, again, we want to see this mid-March through end of April, I think we're going to have a good read then. Having said that, we are tracking very healthy right now, and it has been a strong beginning to this quarter when you look at how we've planned it all and what our expectations are for the quarter. So sorry, I can't give you the exact on that. Again, we don't have it internally ourselves.
Ernie Herrman: We can -- Michael, good question. We don't get it at a high because we wouldn't know how -- to put it all together from a high. But our merchants at a department level would have an idea of where categories have moved. And the feeling is that they have gone up, but we wouldn't be able to get on an exact average unit retail increase per se. But directionally, we can tell they moved up in many areas of the store. And the pressure -- again, the pressure continues there as well. They're getting here with the exact same cost everybody is in retail. So it would only make sense that that's happening, but we are verifying that really weekly, but I can't get an exact number across a whole store.
Ernie Herrman: So we're simple with our buyers where we say you got to look at what is the out-the-door price and compare that out-the-door price to what our price is even though they could say they're on sale. So there could be some of that happening with some of the retailers that have a customer base that expect sales, right? We all know how that works. And they expect the high-low game. I think that could happen to a degree. But I just think on the actual retail that they sell from, it's going to be up from where it was, even though it could look like they're promoting more.
Ernie Herrman: Absolutely. We do not -- we're pretty simple internally here. We flex on many things. We do not flex our merchants. There was no flexibility on us being close to the out-the-door price of any other retailer.
Ernie Herrman: More amenable, I like that. I might have to use that -- I'm going to use some of that language with some of my team. I would say, yes, there are -- absolutely, there are categories that are a little more sensitive where I think it's more dangerous for us to play it because we're already there. And up around us, say it's a certain branded category, and they're already be kind of a known commodity retail there, our merchant buyers have to kind of stay away from that. And there are a decent amount of those throughout the store. There's just -- what we have found in the last quarter or 2, there are more categories where we can really adjust retails on more product than we thought 6 months ago. So we are just feeling really good about it. And I get -- literally, every week, I can see on a report what's happening at a high level across all the divisions and that. So we're able to monitor all the senior teams all the way down to merchandise managers and buyers, in the planning organization. We can kind of keep our hands around this to also make sure that we're not swinging the pendulum as they say.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Bob. Two great questions directionally, types of things that we ask ourselves all the time. So we don't adjust -- we don't specifically adjust good, better, best going in. But I do have to say that based on what's out there, our merchants kind of strategize because we buy a lot of different ways. So if they see we're going to be overloaded and say good and not enough better and best, they will lean into trying to balance those areas. But we don't -- how do I put it? We don't get real definitive on that. So we don't mind if there's been more exciting buys in one of those areas, we don't have to have it be so exactly balanced. So if you had in the men's shirt area, if we were kind of imbalanced on certain brands and certain looks to good -- we would try to move it to be more balanced because we try to appeal to a broad customer base and we don't want to be just in one price point or one look in any category. So it's a great question. We could spend a couple of hours on this on how we do a mix. But we really, really -- we adjust, but we don't adjust to as much as a traditional store would, I'd say, to answer your question.  And then the second question, can you remind me on the second question? It was...
Ernie Herrman: Yes, the -- so here's what's good. As retail gets better, typically -- remember, the wholesale market is mainly imported products. So they tend to buy more aggressively when retail gets better, and there tends to be more excess. So I think in theory, there's going to be more availability over the next -- as everybody -- if things normalize, people will tend to cut goods a little more aggressively. There's just been some -- there's a lot of availability right now, particularly coming out of holiday going into first quarter. But I would assume that even ticks up some more as things normalize. So yes, great question. We talk -- again, we talk about those type of things consistently here. So you're touching on some of the big rocks for sure.
Ernie Herrman: All right. Thank you all for joining us today. We enjoyed our discussions. We'll be updating you again on our first quarter earnings call in May. And let me just say from the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well and talk to you soon.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to echo Ernie's comments and express our sincere gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work. I'll start today with some additional details on our fourth quarter results. As Ernie mentioned, U.S. open-only comp store sales grew 13% over a strong 6% increase in the fourth quarter of fiscal '20. Overall, open-only comp store sales increased 10%, also over a 6% increase in the fourth quarter of fiscal '20. Open-only comp store sales growth was strongest in November and December. As COVID cases began to surge worldwide, we saw sales trends soften with the largest impact in January. The impact was greatest in our apparel businesses, which is consistent with what we have seen during previous COVID spikes. Additionally, sales were impacted by government-mandated shopping restrictions that were put in place internationally. Overall, TJX sales increased by more than $1.6 billion to $13.9 billion, a 14% increase versus the fourth quarter of fiscal '20. In the fourth quarter, we once again saw a very strong increase in our average basket across all our divisions, driven by customers putting more items into their cards. Overall, average ticket was up and improved for the fifth consecutive quarter. I also want to highlight that our U.S. customer traffic was up slightly. Fourth quarter pretax margin was 9%, down 190 basis points versus fiscal '20. Similar to the third quarter, we saw extremely strong mark-on and significantly lower markdowns which include the benefit from our retail pricing strategy. However, merchandise margin in the fourth quarter was down primarily due to the 280 basis points of incremental freight, which was slightly higher than anticipated. We had an 80 basis point negative impact from full year -- from a full year true-up of shrink expense, which was significantly higher than we expected. Pretax margin includes strong buying and occupancy leverage on our excellent sales, which was more than offset by approximately 160 basis points from the combination of incremental investments to expand distribution capacity and higher wage costs. In addition, net COVID costs negatively impacted pretax margin by an additional 50 basis points similar to the third quarter. Finishing up on the fourth quarter, earnings per share were $0.78. Now to our full year consolidated fiscal '22 results. U.S. open-only comp store sales grew 17% and overall open-only comp store sales increased 15% versus fiscal '20. Overall, TJX sales grew 16% compared to fiscal '20. Full year fiscal '22 pretax margins was 9.1%. Excluding a 50 basis point negative impact from a debt extinguishment charge, adjusted pretax margin was 9.6%. Full year pretax margin benefited from buying and occupancy leverage due to our outsized open-only comp store sales. We were very pleased that our full year merchandise margin was up despite 200 basis points of incremental freight. Our merchandise margin increase was driven by strong -- by strong mark-on and lower markdowns, which include the benefit from our retail pricing strategy. Full year pretax margin was negatively impacted by approximately 140 basis points from the combination of incremental investments to expand distribution capacity and higher wages and 80 basis points of net COVID costs. Full year GAAP earnings per share were $2.70, adjusted earnings per share were $2.85 which excludes a $0.15 debt extinguishment charge. Moving to inventory. Our balance sheet inventory was up 22% on a constant currency basis versus the fourth quarter of fiscal '20, primarily driven by higher in-transit inventory. We are very pleased with our per store inventory levels as they once again improved sequentially and were up versus fiscal '20. Availability of inventory is excellent and we are well positioned to flow fresh spring merchandise to our stores and online. I'll finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. For the full year, we generated $3.1 billion in operating cash flow, driven by record net income. We ended this year with $6.2 billion in cash. In fiscal '22, we returned $3.4 billion to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs, which is the most we've returned to shareholders on an annual basis in our history. Now I will turn it back to Ernie.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So Matt, to answer your question, we can't give you specific, but I think the most important thing is that -- is what I said in the script, that we're currently comping against low to mid-single-digit U.S. comps where then, again, it accelerates to that strong plus 20 in the [MARPOL] period. But what -- we've given guidance of 1% to 3%. And what we're seeing on the -- our 2-year stack for our start is why we're -- overall, we're confident in our 1% to 3% overall guidance. Having said that, we're -- we certainly have -- as we've -- Omicron starts to lessen, we've seen apparel has reemerged to being strong again versus the impact that it had in January. We've had a strong basket and positive U.S. customer traffic thus far. So all leading us to when we put it together to that 1% to 3% U.S. comp over and outsized 17% comp. Obviously, the international divisions are not -- they were closed for large chunks of last year. So that's why our guidance of the $11.5 billion to $11.7 billion is -- in rough terms, is 14% to 16% increase because as our -- and the other thing is we are starting to see some of the restrictions in Europe be lessened and hopefully, that will give us some room for improvement there as well.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. It's -- there's a lot of moving pieces here. I think we have better visibility. I'll start with the freight into that. I do think, as you've heard on other retailers report, that this will persist for much of the year, but we do believe that the first half is -- has the higher year-over-year increases or incremental costs and it will moderate as we move to the back and particularly in the fourth quarter where everything peaked due to some of the actions we did. I think our teams did a great job of securing the freight, bringing it in. We did have to pay more cost to do that. There were other things like demerge and other costs that due to the longer times that it took to get the goods into our -- at the port and into our buildings. But I think a lot of that we would believe will be lessened as we go against it next year. And the ocean freight and all that was really just more -- it increased every quarter over the year, peaking. We're renegotiating contracts and other things as we move through -- as we start right now move through the year. So I think the freight will still be, as we called out in my earlier remarks, a big headwind, but moderating significantly when you get to the following fiscal year, which I think what was Ernie was alluding to. The wage will, I think, peak this year, but will still be a headwind, as Ernie alluded to, but it will moderate next year. And supply chain, frankly, this year has already moderated, we peaked on that. A lot of the wage increases that we're seeing are the annualization of a lot of the distribution wages that we had several increases that will be impacting us more in the first half of the year, a little less in the second and then the store wages. I think it's still a fluid situation, but we do believe it will decrease. So overall, we would expect when you get past this year, that the sum of all of the expense pressures will be significantly less, not back to our pre-COVID levels but with a level -- we would need a significantly less average retail increase to be able to cover that compared to what we're seeing this year. But I think, as Ernie said, that's still very much a moving target, and we haven't bought the goods for the vast majority of the year at this point.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I don't have much more to say on that. I think and as Ernie said, is that by having -- this is really opposite of what we've seen for many, many years where our average retails were going down over a multiyear period. And I may have Ernie jump back in that even though with our average retail going up, we're still in an overall unit base -- average retail significantly below what we were, right, Ernie? A couple of years ago.
Scott Goldenberg: So -- but I think -- so I think the piece of -- with your average retail is going up, and as Ernie alluded to, potentially less units, that's what's driving us to be offsetting a lot of these costs, not just the mark-on, but by having less units...
Scott Goldenberg: Less processing costs in stores and distribution centers and all that, I think that's a significant benefit versus prior years when it was going the other direction. The other thing that, again, Ernie alluded to on the value equation, which is obviously important to us, we do a lot of marketing and other surveys and our customers are telling us they're highly satisfied with the overall store experience, which is great, continues to go up. But they're also -- we're not seeing any degradation at all in our value perception at all. So I think we obviously stay on it important, all the metrics, but also we try to get as much indicators from talking to our customers as much as possible.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, it's good. So to give some color as -- although the sales are substantially higher there through the roof, the cost over the course of several years are several billion dollars higher on a like-for-like basis as well. So that's why if this had all flowed through, we would be a lot higher than the 9.6%. We printed we'd be hundreds of basis points higher, but we had this -- so the costs aren't necessarily wage and others going down. So that's -- they don't reset. You just start and now go forward, what's your incremental cost right now. I mean, our old algorithm pre-COVID with comps that were slightly less, but we still had a deleverage of 30 basis points, 40 basis points. Now we're saying on a 3% to 4% comp, we would expect to either be flat or leverage on our comp. And I think, again, as Ernie indicated, a lot of that has to do with the pricing initiative, which obviously, if costs moderate and there's still room for pricing more but will flow through than maybe we've anticipated. But the cost pressure, which used to be 30 basis points to 40 basis points of incremental pressure, we expect to moderate, but not down to that level at least over the midterm. Longer term, if they ever not moderated down to something close to 20 basis points to 40 basis points with even a moderate level of average retail initiative in a 3% to 4% comp, we would probably do better. And that's why I think over the longer term, Ernie indicated we get back to the fiscal '20 levels or better.
