Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. Joining me on the call is Ernie Herrman, whom as you know was promoted as President of TJX last month. It's terrific to have Ernie take on a bigger role with the company. I couldn't be more pleased with this new management structure, which further strengthens our leadership team to continue to grow TJX successfully. Also joining me with Ernie and Sherry is Jeff Naylor.  I'm proud to report that we delivered a 23% increase in adjusted EPS in 2010, particularly because it was on top of an adjusted 48% increase in the previous year. This marks the 15th consecutive year of EPS increases. We drove this profit growth on a 4% annual comp increase over a very strong 6% increase last year. What continues to give this company the ability to post these increases year after year in good, bad and in-between times and even over very tough comparisons is the extraordinarily flexibility of our business model.  One of the most impactful ways we used our flexibility in 2010 was to run with leaner inventories than we ever have in the past. This gave us fast returns and growth in merchandise margins over large increases the year before. We believe that there is still room for further improvement in running with even leaner inventory, as well as fine-tuning our shipping of the right goods to the right stores at the right time. We will continue to invest significantly in our infrastructure for both the short and the long term.  In addition, our customer traffic was up mid-single digits over huge increases last year, as our great brands and values continue to attract new and existing customers. This tells us that whether we are in recessionary times or recovery, value remains a constant top-of-mind priority with consumers.  I will keep my comments brief today. I'll focus on the sustainability of our strong top and bottom line growth, as well as our long-term vision to grow as a global off-price retailer. Before I continue, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap our full year and fourth quarter results.
Carol Meyrowitz: So Kimberly, we obviously stubbed our toes and I can reiterate it in terms of we grew too fast and complexities. We had 57 stores and opening new countries and a fairly new talent -- a team that needed a lot of learnings in terms of time in their jobs. So I feel at this point, we've slowed the growth. I think we are building our foundation and making it much stronger. We're much more country focused in terms of getting the right fashion to the right country. We've injected strong veterans of high levels and given people smaller jobs so that they can have time in jobs. We're really levering the corporation. So I see this year as I think we're going to -- towards the back half and towards the end of the first half, I think we're going to see some terrific progress. And I think that we're doing the right thing by slowing the store count down. And my gut is, by the end of next year, we're going start to feel pretty good and look at next year to start accelerating it.
Carol Meyrowitz: The real key is the team is getting a lot more solid and we have three very high level executives that are now in the business that weren't there a year ago, which is, I think, going to make a very big difference. So again, we don't have to push these buttons too hard. We got time. We'll fix it. And we didn't have too dissimilar an issue with HomeGoods years ago. So I believe we will come back roaring, and we're going to take this year carefully.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Stacy, our dollars are not way up, but our impressions are. And we're fairly aggressive in the first quarter in that we will be on Network TV that we weren't on a year ago. And we have a fairly aggressive plan in terms of things that we learned last fourth quarter for our December Gift-Giving business, which will get us a lot more pointed. And I think we have a terrific program again for the back half. So our customer research is very clearly telling us that our customers -- our new customers like shopping us. New customers are planning on coming back. We keep increasing the percent of new customers and reaching out into the universe. It's just that we still have an enormous, enormous percentage out there that we haven't tapped yet. But our messages are getting out there very loud and clear and our educational message is getting out there. So the positive news is when they get into the stores, they want to come back and that's very clear. So I think we have a lot of growth rate in the future. So we're pretty excited about it.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, Paul. The increase in our inventories today is really strictly some pack-away deals, which were just great brands. Last year, we were lean on pack-aways. But we're still in the same percentage. So that's really the only difference in the inventory. We're just as open to buy as we were a year ago. We're actually a little bit even more open. So we're in a great position.
Carol Meyrowitz: Absolutely. They should and they will. We put in the right cannibalization factors. We're probably going to start out being conservative. But we have no doubt that they should, because we already have stores in the those demographics that clearly have very strong operating income.
Carol Meyrowitz: Todd, the pack-away, honestly, the number is so irrelevant, it's not funny. I mean it's well within our normal. We're not even near double-digits nor will we be. Last year we were just a little bit lean. We're probably somewhere in the middle of where we have been in the past. We're going to be current. We're going to be great value. We're going to be the most current in fashion and brands and that is our business and we will continue to run it that way.
Carol Meyrowitz: Right now, the retailers are not really passing a significant amount. And I think that's going to start to happen probably towards the end of the back half, middle to end of back half and possibly into the following year. So we'll see. Again, I'm thrilled if our average ticket goes up. It's fantastic for us, but I can guarantee, we'll keep the distance of great value. And that's what we're focused on.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, it's completely based on what I'm seeing in terms of the mix and the leveraging the corporation and better focus. So, I think we're starting to see where we'll turn the corner. There are specific categories that are trending in a positive direction and there are specific categories that we're very, very focused on to do a better job in the value and the mix. So it really all comes back to based on execution and that's where I'm sort of laying out the time frame.
Carol Meyrowitz: It's training, it's the brand focus and it's the fashion focus. And there are things that work in the U.K. that don't necessarily work in the Germany that we have learned that we're much more focused on, where to ship, again coming back to the right goods to the right store. So there is a lot of we've learned from this past year. And understanding the pure value equation. In the long-term, I hate to say it, when you skip a beat like this, you usually get a lot stronger.
Carol Meyrowitz: The other factor in Germany is we got hit very hard in the fourth quarter and we did, I'm saying that it's truly -- we own it in execution. But Germany really did get hit by an enormous unusual weather pattern of snow. And we did see some day-to-day tremendous hits by that. So that was a little bit unusual. So I think there is just some base opportunity there also.
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all, you've got to understand it's versus last year, we were down 10% last year. And we were chasing a little bit. But we had very little pack-away last year. This year, there just happened to be a bunch of brands that we liked very much and we went after it. And that's really the whole story there. There's no big change here.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think we were being a little conservative in the past, Jeff. I don't even want to tell you what we think the real number is.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Well, first of all, it's both. And we are -- again, when I talk about the different stores and the different demographics, we've pushed the high-end and we'll continue to do that. Part of that is some interesting new countries. There's a lot going on in HomeGoods. There's some changes in apparel. There's a lot of new contemporary guys out there. So we're seeing a vast increase in many, many new areas. Poland, Germany, and we have offices now. When we talk about Germany and we talk about Italy and even in China, we have many, many people on the ground. We just opened another new country in terms of having a buying office -- so it's a combination of upgrading countries and then having more feet on the ground also in terms of moderate vendors. So it's really across the board. And you want it across the board so that you have that tremendous reach. So that if we're converting an A.J. Wright store, you have a fantastic mix appropriate to that type of environment and then when you're opening in the middle of New York City or downtown Boston, again, you want a mix that's different. So it's really across the board.
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean, we have. We still have our Mega Shoe stores. But it's a advantage to us. Again, it has to do with the real estate and the shape of the real estate, the size of the real estate. So we always look to -- we can do a $7 million to $20 million store, if that's what we would rather do.
Carol Meyrowitz: No. As a matter of fact when we can put a HomeGoods with a Maxx or HomeGoods with a Marshalls, it's terrific for us. So, again, we go with the deal, the right deal. I want to thank everyone. Thank you, Holly. And we look forward to giving you the results of our first quarter. Thanks.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everyone. Again, I want to emphasize that we will be referring to adjusted results throughout today's presentation. Reconciliations between GAAP reported and adjusted results are provided in today's release, and are also on our website.  So now to recap full year fiscal 2011 results. Net sales reached $21.9 billion, which is an 8% increase over last year. Consolidated comp store sales were up 4% on top of last year's very strong 6% increase. The growth, as Carol mentioned, was driven entirely by continued growth in transactions with the average ticket down slightly for the year.  Adjusted earnings per share were $3.49, which is a 23% increase over last year's adjusted 48% increase and this underscores the sustainability of our profit growth even over challenging comparisons. Foreign currency rates positively impacted full year EPS by $0.02 this past year, compared with a neutral impact the year before that.  Consolidated pretax profit margin on an adjusted basis was a 10.6%, and that represents a 100 basis point increase over the prior year. This increase is primarily due to significant improvement in gross profit margins, which were up 90 basis points on an adjusted basis due to strong merchandise margin growth as well as buying and occupancy costs leverage. Pretax profit margins also benefited from SG&A expense leverage, which improved 10 basis points on an adjusted basis.  As the inventories at the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis including the warehouses were up a 4% versus a 10% decrease last year. As we have discussed in our recent monthly sales calls, per store inventory levels are impacted by higher levels of pack-away this year compared to last, which reflect some great opportunities for branded goods at the end of this year. It's important to note that pack-away still represents a relatively small portion of our overall inventory, less than 10%, and that we planned our per store inventory levels to be down again us of the end of this coming year. And we're also, obviously, very comfortable with our open to buy position, which continues to be in great shape as we enter the spring season.  In terms of share repurchases for the year, we bought back $1.2 billion of TJX stock, retiring 27.6 million shares. During the fourth quarter, we bought back $355 billion of TJX stock, retiring 7.9 million shares.  Now I'll recap the fourth quarter results. Net sales were $6.3 billion, that's a 7% increase over last year, and our consolidated comps were up 2% over last year's very strong 12% increase. Adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.5, which is a 12% increase on top of last year's 104% adjusted increase. The impact of foreign currency exchange rates on year-over-year comparisons were neutral in the fourth quarter.  And then finally, our consolidated pretax profit margin on an adjusted basis was 11.2%, which represents a 50 basis point increase over last year, and on top of last year's 440 basis point adjusted increase. This increase was due -- the 50 basis points this year was due to continued improvement in gross profit margins, which were up 30 basis points on an adjusted basis, with the balance of the improvement coming from SG&A expense leverage.  So that's it for the wrap up on the numbers this year. Let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll come back at the end of the call to recap first quarter and full year fiscal '12 guidance.
Jeffrey Naylor: Kimberly, just to expand on that a little bit. We think we planned Europe relatively conservatively this year. We're planning a two to three comp for the full year on top of a minus 3% last year. And we think if we achieve that, we'll have a profit margin back up to the 4.5% to 5% range versus 3% last year, but also versus a peak of over 7%, which by the way at that time the U.K. was almost 9%, so we're starting to make some progress. We're planning some progress candidly, not as much as we hoped to achieve this year into the numbers. The store count for this year for Europe is up 27 stores, significantly below where we've run the last couple. And I think to Carol's point, I think we need to see a little bit more before we make a decision on the reacceleration.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, so we have a 115 new stores, that's 1-1-5. In terms of the store openings, we have 51 planned for Marmaxx, and that compares to 50 last year. So we're maintaining a very similar place at Marmaxx as we've been on. HomeGoods, we have 22 stores. And last year, we opened 13 net. So we're accelerating the pace at HomeGoods. We think that's appropriate given the terrific performance out of that division, strong comps, strong profit and just really phenomenal performance. In Canada, we have 15 stores. Last year, we had seven. The primary driver there, obviously, is opening Marshalls -- with Marshalls opening this year that's driving a little higher store count in Canada. Very happy about that, since Canada is our highest return business. So happy to be investing in that country. And then in Europe, we have 27 new stores versus 54 last year. Breaking that down for you, 10 are in the U.K., 10 are in Poland and seven are in Germany. So that's the break down on the new store count. And obviously, we retain flexibility to do more if we choose to do so, and a lot of that Canada, just depends upon real estate opportunities in North America.
Jeffrey Naylor: I think overall for TJX, our store turns have improved significantly over the last two years. And I think, when you peel it back, Adrianne, what you see is that we've taken the inventories down more aggressively at our smaller divisions because, obviously, in the larger division you want to be very careful. And so, I think if you looked at it, you'll still see fairly meaningful variances between our smaller divisions and our largest division, Marmaxx. So I think when you look at that, that suggests that there's still opportunity. We're going to continue to, obviously, be very, very careful on it because we don't want to sacrifice sales and profit for turn, but we do believe that there's opportunity in them. The other thing that I should point is that none of this is plugged into the model. So if you look at our three-year model, we talked about hitting 10% to 13% growth. We are plugging merchandise margin improvement into that. So that would be upside to the model were we able to achieve that.
Jeffrey Naylor: And when you look at the four-wall contribution of Marmaxx stores that are already in those demographics, it's very similar to the Marmaxx, overall four-wall contributions. So I think for the individual stores, we're looking for similar profit dynamics as we would in base Marmaxx stores.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, we're happy. So overall in the comp, we're planning one to two. Right now, we'd be looking at a one to two for Marmaxx, one to two for Canada, one to two for HomeGoods and, as I mentioned earlier, two to three for TJX Europe. So pretty consistent planning other than a little bit heavier comps for TJX Europe for the full year. As we look at it by business, we would see Marmaxx at 12.9% to 13.1%, that's down 40 basis points at the low end and down 20 basis points at the high end. So we have it planned down 20 basis point at the high end on a two comp. That's going to be reflective of cannibalization from those -- we've got 74 of those 90 stores are opening as Marmaxx's. The cannibalization impact that has a bit of diluted impact on Marmaxx for the year. That said, overall, the exited A.J. Wright business is worth 30 basis points to the consolidated company. So the economics here all work very well. In the case of Canada, last year was 14%, we're planning it 14% to 14.2%. In the case of HomeGoods, last year was 9.5%, we're planning it 9.1% to 9.4%, again at the high-end we've got a two comp. So it's a little bit of deleverage on a two comp, 10 basis points. Again, nothing unusual. In Europe, we had a 3% margin last year, we are going from 4.6% to 5.0% for the current year and then those are really the major items. I commented on tax rate interest. They are elements that are really in our asset. So I just have to be [indiscernible] the detail that you need. And we're happy, obviously, to follow-up and talk further about it in the follow-up calls.
Jeffrey Naylor: As you look at the pacing too, we've, the first quarter, we would rough against the one comp. If you look at the remaining three quarters, we're up against a down four. So clearly, the comparisons do get easier. So if you look at Europe, we planned it up three and up four -- up three to four against the down four. So again, we think that's the realistic plan and, as Carol mentioned, lots of plans and actions in place to achieve that. In terms of Germany and Poland, 17 stores. Poland last year, the performance was in line with our plan in terms of the bottom line. Generally, we're seeing stores that are performing above where we thought they would be. We had some phenomenal openings, particularly in Warsaw, really just some terrific openings. So we remain very, very confident in terms of continuing that plan in Poland and the performance of the underlying store base in line with what our expectations were. Germany, in the back half of the year, the stores fell off their trends, just as they did across all of our European business. So we ended up with a sales miss at Germany and some compression in the margin rate. That said, I would tell you when we look across the portfolio of stores that we have and the relative productivity and relative four-wall contributions versus the U.K., they're just a little bit below the U.K. Likely, were trending earlier. So we remain very, very confident that as we improve the mix and take some of the merchandising actions that Carol talked about, that we'll see strong improvement there, which gives us the confidence to go ahead and continue to invest. Now, obviously, it's seven stores in Germany versus 24, 25 last year. So we're slowing it down there considerably and we think that'll help benefit that business.
Ernie Herrman: Well, I would say, and I think Carol alluded to it further in the script, the model of our business has generally worked for us in the past. Any time there is like unknown or confusion in the market, that usually works to our advantage. So our goal is really simply to show relative value, better value relative to the competition. If during that, by the way, the average ticket goes up, well as long as we're still offering better relative value, I think that's only good for us as well. But again, because of our opportunistic business model, I don't think we need to change anything. And I think when the environment changes like that, it usually bodes well for us.
Ernie Herrman: Well, you know, first half all, and this usually comes out in a different question. Availability is not an issue. If anything, we're having to hold the merchants back from buying too much too soon. I don't see that pattern changing amidst this whole pricing discussion that's going to be in the marketplace. So I would say we'll just stay the course and maintain the relative value. I don't see our upfront, closeout percentages or any of that happening to be toyed with to any significant degree.
Ernie Herrman: Adrianne, I just wanted to jump in for a second and say that I think in Canada, which again, I've become pretty familiar with over the last couple of years, I think there's still opportunity out there. As Jeff alluded to, a couple of the business is Marmaxx in Canada. I think we have opportunity to lean up a little further over the next couple of years and make improvements on the markets -- merchandise margins.
Ernie Herrman: Todd, if I could also jump in. At this point in time with the inventories which again holds some of the incremental pack-aways, which is not really in the scheme of things a significant number, we are pleased with our inventory position going to the year though. We have more accounts payable leverage than last year and our EPS as a percentage of inventories are up, which is telling us that our inventories are even fresher than last year to what Carol just said. So that validates that. And also, our absolute inventory turns increased during the fourth quarter. So again, we're still turning very, very fast and we're very lean and flexible.
Ernie Herrman: And part of it is the wholesale market. Some of those vendors were a little more aggressive, maybe based on what was going on out there. So that combination yields more goods.
Ernie Herrman: One of the beauties of our business model is we don't have a defined footprint. So what we can do is we can open -- we can start a 20,000 square foot store, we can start a 40,000 square foot store. So really we are opportunistic in many ways and take what the market will give us.
