Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good morning again. Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herman. So let’s begin by saying it is great to report such strong results in such a difficult economy. We delivered EPS growth of 27% in the second quarter. I want to point out that this is on top of three consecutive years of very strong performance. Further, our first half EPS has grown at a compound annual rate of 20% over the past four years, which speaks to our ability to drive the sustained profit growth. Our strategies for 2009 are clearly working. Despite the environment, we are seeing comp sales not only remain positive but accelerate, which is very unusual for us during a recession.  In addition, our customer traffic counts have reached extraordinary heights. Value is winning in this environment and we believe that it’s here to stay. We think that the economic recovery is likely to be slow, that customers will remain under pressure to reduce household debt, and that a value-oriented customer mindset will prevail for a long time.  With our value proposition consisting of the combination of fashion, brands, quality, and price, we are in an excellent position to retain new customers that we are attracting today for the future. Further, we are employing the flexibility of our business model to take advantage of the opportunities that this environment is presenting.  Big picture, we believe that we are extremely well-positioned for today and for the future. I believe we have tremendous growth opportunities ahead of us, which I will talk about later in the call.  Before that, I will turn the call over to Jeff to recap our second quarter and first half financial results. Then I will review the highlights of our second quarter performance, our vision for growth, and our outlook for the full year. Now here’s Jeff to recap the numbers. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the way we looked at it is we really took the first half and basically said fairly equal in the second half. Yes, planning conservatively and I think part of it is we obviously with the volatility of the economic environment, we never know. Having said that, my intention is obviously to beat it and we are conservative in our plans and I think wisely so at this point. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay, well I won't give you all our secrets, that’s for sure. I can tell you that I think it’s out there that we have done this dual advertising in terms of Marmaxx, which we think we are just at the beginning of this venture and we are pretty excited about what we are seeing.  It’s really allowed us to hit probably between 30% and 40% of the market that have never have seen us really on TV, let alone on a consistent basis. So our plans are to be fairly aggressive in the back half and to continue this and we have a few new goodies and surprises for the future, and we are testing some other possibilities that will be very intriguing corporately going forward.  So that’s really all the comments I can make. I can tell you our spend will be less but our penetration will be greater. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We have both. We really have a layer cake. Because when you incorporate TV, direct mail, and every other vehicle that we have, we still layer in value as a big chunk of it and branding as the other piece. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. First of all in terms of the basket, our basket is slightly down. Our traffic is way up -- very, very strong and our average ticket is down mid-single-digits. So that’s what is really driving it, is truly the traffic.  In terms of the home businesses, Jeff, it is really strong across the board. What I am very happy about and gives me a tremendous positive feeling going forward is that not only are the fashion pieces working but the basic pieces are working, so when our sheets and towel business and our soft home and our basics are strong, that’s a tremendous sign.  So I think our values are extraordinary, I think the execution is absolutely terrific and we are testing a lot of new ideas and new categories, so I just think it’s going to get more exciting. So I think we are in a great place in terms of all of our home businesses across the board. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: All right. Well, in terms of the lift, I think it’s coming from both and we don’t have the specific numbers yet but our early information definitely tells us it’s coming from both. Q1, and again we won't quote specific numbers but I can tell you that there has definitely been an acceleration that seems to be continuing. And it is across the board. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: What’s interesting, Patrick, is that typically your mean age sort of starts to age and ours isn’t. We’ve actually gone slightly down a few years, which means that when we talk about the increase in traffic, it absolutely means that we are capturing both a younger customer and keeping our customers, so that’s a pretty exciting statistic. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Patrick, we definitely did do a clean-out in A.J.’s. We got hit with the cooler weather. We took some -- we made a decision to take some early markdowns and clean out all summer, very early, so we did take a bigger hit in July than we had in plan. Having said that, we entered August strong, in great shape and I feel very, very good about it going forward. This is a very short moment in time. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So Stacy, was that one question? All right. I’ll turn it over to Jeff in a minute. In terms of the cost reduction, we had a goal of 150. We are definitely going to reach that goal. We are looking obviously at next year on what that number could look like. We are working on that today and we will update you obviously on that call in the beginning of the year and give you a full picture of that. And then in terms of multi-year, Jeff, do you want to just --
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Stacy, as far as I am concerned, every single year we are going to go after cost reduction. I don’t think we’re in -- we’re going to finish this year, certainly reaching our goal and hopefully surpassing it and then we are going to set the next goal for next year. So that to me is an ongoing process. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I would say we are seeing both, David, but again, I’m going to go back to how we set up our sourcing and supply chain -- every single year we’ve increased our buying of off-price, you know, and we will continue that goal. So we just -- we see this continuing, the availability via best brands or any country. I don’t see that changing. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It’s really all three. Our inventory levels are significantly down, which allows us to really flow in a lot of fresh, fantastic merchandise and I think our execution is really where it should be this year and I do think we skipped a few beats last year and I think we are at a place today where the guys understand it, they know that going forward, they know what they need to do and I think that some of it is up.  
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In terms of our basket being down, we said mid-single-digits. A.J.’s really has no effect on that, Marnie -- it’s really across the board and the qualitative piece is the qualitative piece. I just think we’ll continue to give great value to the consumer and that’s what our goal is.  In terms of seeing a segment going forward, again we have big initiatives for the back half. I really don’t want to talk to those and I think you will see them when you go into our stores in the back half, so I would suggest shop in our stores. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I’ll take the Home Goods question and the margin question, Jeff already did talk a bit about Marmaxx and exactly what is creating that, so if you want to reiterate that, you can.  In terms of Home Goods, again I’m just going to come back to it’s about execution and I think these guys are executing and I think the model is a terrific model. It worked and it worked when you execute well and that’s what they are doing. So I think again, I’ll reiterate that I think they understand. I think we made some missteps a year ago and I think we are back on track and we are ready to accelerate. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Michelle, you really are going to see it across the board and we are taking an opportunistic approach, and the reason why we ended up with 26 more stores in the original plan this year was because of the opportunities. So just like everything else, we have cash, we have tremendous flexibility. So we will take advantage of every terrific real estate opportunity for next year and that’s the way we are looking at it, so it’s really not by any particular region. It’s really by return on invested capital. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think we’ve been seeing it year over year. And I think we’ll again, you know, our sourcing, just in terms of the total coverage, this gives us an opportunity. So I think going forward, again I don’t know what basis points it is but you know, we are going to continue with our strategy and our sourcing and we continue to add to the merchandising group because we think it’s very advantageous. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everybody. So to recap second quarter results, our net sales were $4.7 billion, up 4% over last year. Consolidated comp store sales were up 4% -- that was well above our plan and it was on top of three years of very, very strong comparisons.  As we noted in the release today, the diluted earnings per share were $0.61. That’s up 27% over the $0.48 we earned last year. This growth was achieved despite a net $0.03 per share negative impact from foreign currency translation and from marking our inventory related currency hedges to market. The mark-to-market adjustment was $0.02 unfavorable to what we had anticipated when we set our guidance in early July.  In terms of the quality of earnings growth, pretax income was up 23% despite higher interest expense and despite $18 million of foreign exchange impact. The tax rate was essentially flat to last year, so that did not contribute to year-over-year growth. Our share count was down 3%, a very small piece of our overall 27% EPS growth and in line with our strategy to buy back shares.  There were no other significant items impacting comparability, so all in all, we had a very high quality earnings growth in the quarter.  In terms of consolidated pretax profit margin, that was 8.7%, up 130 basis points over last year. Comparisons to prior year were adversely impacted 10 basis points by the mark-to-market adjustment and another 10 basis points by higher interest expense.  The gross profit margin was up by a very strong 130 basis points over LY, driven primarily by merchandise margins. SG&A expense was 10 basis points lower than last year as a percentage of sales.  As to inventories at the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses, were down 4%. At Marmaxx, our total inventory commitment, including the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order, was also down versus last year on a per store basis.  We ended the second quarter with very clean inventories and are very happy with our inventory liquidity as we enter the back half.  Now to briefly recap results for the first half -- EPS for the six months were $1.09, so $1.09, up 18% over last year’s $0.92 on a reported basis. Last year’s EPS benefited $0.02 per share from FIN-48 tax adjustments. Excluding this benefit, EPS was up 21% over the adjusted $0.90 per share.  As outlined in today’s press release, foreign exchange rates adversely impacted EPS for the first half of this year by $0.07, compared to a $0.01 adverse impact in the first half of last year, so the EPS increase would have been significantly higher were it not for these impacts. Cost sales increased 3% in the first half over a 3% increase last year.  Now let me turn the call back to Carol and I will return later to recap our guidance at the end of the call. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Thanks. Obviously we now believe we have enough visibility into the balance of the year to provide guidance for the full year. What we will give you today is detailed guidance for the third quarter. We are also providing you with our outlook for comparable store sales growth and EPS for the fourth quarter and the full year but, and I want to emphasize this, we are not providing detailed guidance or models for these periods at this time. So we will give you very detailed guidance for the third quarter. We’ll give you ranges of comp and EPS for the fourth quarter and the full year but no detailed models or guidance for the fourth quarter or full year.  Now let me turn to the details on third quarter guidance -- for the third quarter, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.62 to $0.68 over the $0.58 per share we reported last year. There are several items impacting comparability here. Last year the mark-to-market adjustment for our inventory related hedges benefited EPS by $0.05 per share, while this year it’s estimated to only have a $0.02 per share benefit, which is essentially the reversal of the Q2 quarter end mark-to-market adjustment that we booked in Q2.  Additionally, we expect Q3 this year to be unfavorably impacted by $0.01 per share due to the impact of foreign exchange translation.  And finally last year’s Q3 earnings per share benefited from an adjustment to our computer intrusion reserve of about $0.01, so when you adjust for these factors, the third quarter guidance represents a 17% to 29% increase over prior year.  We are assuming a third quarter top line of $5.0 billion to $5.1 billion, with comp sales planned up 2% to 4% on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group.  As to monthly comps, both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group, we expect comp sales in the range of 2% to 4% in August, 1% to 3% in September, and 2% to 4% in October.  Pretax profit margins are planned in the 8.7% to 9.4% range, which on a reported basis are down 10 to up 60 basis points over the prior year. However, these year-over-year comparisons are significantly impacted by mark-to-market adjustments, which negatively impact our year-over-year pretax margin comparisons by 40 basis points. Last year also benefited by 10 basis points from the favorable intrusion reserve adjustment that I mentioned earlier. So adjusting for these items, the pretax margin would actually be up 40 to 110 basis points.  I should also note that higher interest expense year over year, in part due to pre-funding year-end debt maturities, adversely impacts pretax margin comparisons by approximately 10 to 20 basis points.  Staying with the third quarter, we are anticipating gross profit margin in Q3 to be 25.9% to 26.4%, compared with 25.7% last year. Again, gross profit margin comparisons are adversely impacted by 40 basis points due to the mark-to-market adjustments I just described, so the underlying year-over-year increase is greater than the guidance would indicate.  We expect SG&A in the third quarter as a percentage of sales to be about 16.7% to 16.9%, compared to 17.0% last year.  For modeling purposes, we are assuming -- anticipating a tax rate of 38.1%, net interest expense in the $12 million to $14 million range, and a weighted average share count of approximately $430 million.  For the full year, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $2.26 to $2.38, compared with $2.08, excuse me, per share last year on a reported basis. Excluding certain items impacted in the comparability of results year over year, which Carol described earlier and which are outlined in today’s press release, this guidance represents an 18% to 24% increase over last year’s adjusted $1.92.  The full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.55 to $0.61, compared with $0.58 last year. Like third quarter, there are several factors impacting the comparability of results -- the major one being the additional week last year. These are also detailed in today’s press release.  We will now open it up for questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person and I’ll just say with our last call running long, not everyone has time to ask a question, so we are going to enforce our one question limit on this call and would appreciate your cooperation. Thank you and we’ll now open it up for questions. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: In terms of the gross margin, Kimberly, that was primarily driven by merchandise margin. We had a little bit of buying and occupancy levered, but primarily merchandise margin related. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: The one other point I would make out is mark-to-market adjustments had a 10 basis point adverse impact on the gross profit margin, so that 130 basis points improvement would have been 140 basis points worth after that market-to-market hit. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I think just when you look, the difference on Marmaxx is really being driven by SG&A, which as Carol mentioned is impacting the entire quarter so if you look at SG&A, Brian, you see we reported 10 basis points of leverage today. If you actually calculate it, by the way, it’s closer to 20 basis points. There’s some rounding going on.  The underlying leverage is actually significantly higher than that 20 basis points. As Carol mentioned, we’ve got an incentive plan, incentive programs that are tied to financial performance that go very deep into our organization. We have store managers and thousands of exempt associates participating and these associates are going to receive pay-outs that are well above plan. I mean, the strength of performance with EPS up 21% year-to-date in a very difficult economy with the majority of retailers struggling, this is leading to higher expenses, higher incentive expenses associated with these broad-based incentive plans. So as Carol mentioned, the expense is meaningful. It’s worth about 20 to 30 basis points in terms of a G&A hit in the second quarter. It’s impacting the majority of our operating divisions because they are all performing terrifically and you know, we are going to see this impact carry over into the back half as well.  That said, if you look at Q3, we are calling for SG&A leverage of 10 to 30 basis points, despite this impact. It really tells you we are getting the cost savings that we planned.  Probably a bit more than you asked for there, Brian, but it sort of naturally led into a conversation about SG&A. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I mean, I think it’s benefited us year-to-date. I think you called that out in your comments. It’s really benefited us year-to-date in that we set our inventory and our cost plans around comps that are reasonable but conservative and that’s the way we are going to continue to plan the business. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Well, yeah, I mean, I think when we forecast currency, Paul, we forecast it at the current rate. And right now, we would anticipate about $0.02 pick-up, and we have that baked into the numbers.  You know, if you back out currency, if you back out mark-to-market, the 53rd week, you know, some of the one-time items that we have had and that we detailed in the press release, you would see the midpoint of EPS range is up 10%. I think if you look at it without the translation benefit because frankly there’s no guarantee what currency rates are going to do, it would be up 14%. That’s a on a 2 to 4 comp and I think the biggest factor impacting fourth quarter is given that we are trying to project out, a decent amount of time in an economy that’s relatively uncertain, we took the tact here of being relatively prudent in the way that we set the guidance. So to build on the question Todd asked earlier, year-to-date we have a 3 comp on top of a 3 last year. You know, our guidance for the fourth quarter is 2 to 4 on top of a minus 2, so clearly there is a deceleration baked in there. If that doesn’t happen, you know, then there’s upside. But we just felt it made sense to plan our cost structure and our inventory prudently around that level of comp growth.  In terms of the pretax margin, if you do the reverse math, we’re about flat to up 70 basis points. The mark-to-market in a 53rd week impacts in the fourth quarter basically cancel each other out, so on a 2 to 4, flat to 70 basis points, we have that bonus impact that we talked about earlier which dampens those year-over-year pretax margin increases.  But I think we are clearly being prudent, given the length of time between now and the fourth quarter and I think what remains a reasonable amount of economic uncertainty. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Well, clearly we have $1.4 billion on our balance sheet. We also have almost $150 million in cash that we can’t classify as such because it’s invested in marketable securities that are a little bit over 90 days, so we are sitting here with about $1.5 billion.  Our intent right now is to retire the debt, so of that $1.5 billion, $400 million of it is for debt retirement. We have actually paid down the Canadian debt, which is approximately $200 million. The rate of interest that we were paying on that was very comparable to the rate of interest we were earning on the money, so it just made sense to pay it down.  And then we have the bonds to repay in December, so that $1.5 billion, really $400 million of that is earmarked for debt repayment, so that would leave us with $1.1 billion. Clearly, Richard, it’s not our goal to run with that level of cash. If you look historically, we have typically run $400 million or $500 million of cash on our balance sheet.  However, I would say in this environment, you know, we are going to want to maintain some excess liquidity as it’s probably not a bad thing and continue to be conservative. And you know, so our plans are currently to execute the buy-back plan as we’ve laid it out, the $625 million, although there is a chance that at certain stock prices, that we might go in a little bit heavier on the buy-back and we reserve the right to do that and we clearly have the financial flexibility to do that. But ultimately that cash will be distributed to shareholders. That’s been our practice, our longstanding practice now for the last -- well, for as far back as I can go, so we’ll continue -- so we are going to continue that practice but I think for the short-term, don’t be surprised to see us run a little bit heavier levels of cash, given the environment. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: We’re pretty happy with the level of debt we have now. We have -- essentially this year all of our transactions have replaced existing debt, so we really haven’t impacted our leverage ratio. I think over time as EBITDA grows, you have the ability to take on more leverage, and we’ll consider that but as of right now, there are no plans to do so. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: That’s a big question, Dana. Do you want me to go ahead and take it? Okay, yeah, fine. So in the case of Marmaxx, Marmaxx’s profit margin was up 130 basis points on a 4 comp in the second quarter. Right now we have it up 100 to up 140 basis points on a 2 to 4 comp in the third quarter.  In the case of -- I’ll do the American, the U.S. divisions, and then do international. In the case of Home Goods, in the first -- or in the second quarter, excuse me, we saw a 230 basis point -- excuse me, 530 basis point improvement on a 9 comp. Our guidance for the third quarter is a 220 to 330 basis point increase on a 4 to 6 comp, so again those line up.  With A.J. Wright, we saw a 130 basis point improvement on a 5 comp. As we look at the third quarter, we actually on a 3 to 5 comp would project it up 160 to 250, so it’s higher than we saw in the second quarter, primarily because of the markdown issue that Carol mentioned that dampened the overall profit growth at A.J. Wright slightly.  In terms of our international businesses unfortunately you get a lot of noise in here because of mark-to-market. In the case of Winners, Winners was down 150 basis points in the second quarter but only down 30 if you back out the impact of the mark-to-market, which was -- it’s very important. I mean, they did a fabulous job of mitigating the impact of foreign currency on their cost of goods and a great job of managing expenses, so for them to be only down 30 basis points in the second quarter excluding the mark-to-market is a big deal.  We look for a similar level of decline in the third quarter. We right now have them down 20 to down 40, again excluding mark-to-market.  And in the case of T.K. Maxx, T.K. Maxx profit margin for -- or TJX Europe, we have -- they were up 230 basis points in the second quarter. There was really no impact from mark-to-market on it and that was on a 5 -- excuse me, on a 6 comp and then in the third quarter, we have them up 20 to up 120, again excluding mark-to-market on a 3% to 5% comp, so that’s how it breaks out by business, Dana.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Well, I think the one other thing I would call out on the $150 million is at the beginning of the year, we said SG&A would be essentially flat on a constant currency basis and actually down in an actual dollar basis. And we are on track for that. I think what you have to call out is that our significantly above planned performance, it results in additional SG&A dollars for the first -- you know, with sales significantly over plan, there’s variable costs like store payroll, the credit card interchange costs, et cetera, which have to increase the support sales. Also, we are planning to open 24 more stores than our original plan, so we’ve added 25 stores to the plan, and Carol talked earlier about some of the performance related incentive costs that are higher due to our strong performance. So when we actually normalize for -- and we have a little bit of additional marketing that we are spending behind the strength in the business in the back half of the year, so if you normalize for that, we’re seeing $150 million and we are seeing flat SG&A year over year. It’s just that we -- since we’ve put the plan together, we’ve actually added G&A, so that’s important to call out.  The other call out on this year as we look at second and third quarter, and I am not commenting on fourth quarter at this point but second and third quarter, you know, excluding the impact from the incentive comp, we’re seeing very, very significant SG&A leverage and that’s being driven by this.  You know, as we look forward, I don’t think we are prepared to put a model for next year at this point. And as I think as we look at our potential margins, you know, the operating margin goals for each business, they are essentially in line with where we have been. We think Home Goods is clearly a lot closer than they were. They had a peak margin two years ago, lost a lot last year. They’ve gained it all back and then some this year.  T.K. we think can exceed their profit margin goal. Carol talked about that in the script but beyond that, you know, and Marmaxx is clearly pushing the high end. But I think beyond that, we haven’t revised any of those goals and really wouldn’t comment on that until we get into putting a plan on the street for next year. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: We’re really not -- I’d be happy to that for third quarter but I think as it relates to fourth and full quarter, we -- as we said earlier, we weren’t going to put detailed models on the street at this point. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I think the only color I would give you around the fourth quarter is -- I’m not going to comment on Marmaxx specifically but again, if you look at our Q4 overall pretax margin, we’re saying flat to up 70 basis points. We’re clearly running stronger than that year-to-date and have stronger guidance in the third quarter and it really just comes down to a level of caution about the fourth quarter, just given how far we are out from holiday and the level of visibility we have.  So I would tell you, you know, as we said earlier, that the assumptions we are making in our Q4 guidance lean towards the conservative side but again, we think that’s prudent in terms of how we position ourselves from a cost and an inventory perspective. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: We’re just going to execute the buy-back program that we have and we’ve got about $400 million to go we’re going to spend throughout the back half. I think you can make an assumption on share price and get to the share count. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yeah, it’s pretty balanced between merchandise margin -- the merchandise margin growth is pretty balanced between mark-up and markdown. And we are also getting some benefit from freight and fuel -- freight as a result of some -- you know, part of our cost reduction program, so we’re seeing some of that flow through the -- but it’s primarily going to be markdowns and [inaudible] pretty balanced between the two, Randy. 
