Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Great question, Omar. Traffic has been very healthy. Scott will give you a little bit of a trend line discussion there, but nothing in terms of -- nothing standing out in terms of a difference in age demographics by the way. But we have such a broad-based age demographics across the business, so probably less likely for us there. But, Scott, on the traffic trend.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Matt, I think you’re right, a lot of that is for Scott. I will just jump in on the merchandise margin, the healthy merchandise margin. Certainly, what we’re seeing and it -- fortunately, it lines up with our model, and again, I give the teams a lot of credit. We went in with the right amount of liquidity and so the teams did not -- I would say, they were right in the sweet spot of how much and this applies to all the divisions, most especially, obviously, right now, Marmaxx and HomeGoods buying to about the right level of trend. And then when you’re staying on trend like that with what’s going on the buyers have done a great job of being able to buy so opportunistically in the market. So that helped. The sales being so strong has been a big benefit on our markdown rate, also helping our merchandise margin. As I said in my script, it’s coming across, we’re making very advantageous buys across whether it’s the level of good vendors, moderate or best vendors, it’s been everywhere, but in trending categories, which has been key. So we’ve had certain categories that are outpacing the store and the merchants have done a great job of buying into those at the right cost and at the right retail, because, as you know, we’re ultra-sensitive about where we retail are good at, and so, again, I give them a lot of credit. I will tell you, we have a challenge down the road here as we look into probably more like the third quarter, where last year we were up against almost an artificial margin bump up based on what had happened in the country during the COVID shutdown. And so there might be a little bit of a mark-on or markdown jeopardy in a window there of a few months where it’s going to be a little more challenging and I think to show the merchandise margin at these rates. And by the way, I’m talking aside from freight, which has obviously gone up everywhere. I’m talking kind of take that out of the equation. But we might have a little challenge there. However, we’re so opportunistic, I have faith that we can do better than what we’re probably thinking our challenges there. I will now let Scott talk to the margins.
Ernie Herrman: That’s a good point, Scott. So just to clarify, Matt, what I was talking about on the challenge will be against in FY 2021, not against 2020 as much.
Ernie Herrman: So, Kimberly, at a high level the way you said that is the way that I’m -- look, you can look at it that way this quarter, though, that if you had had. If we had had Europe and Canada on it, we would have had a lot on the wash, the differences. And Scott mentioned this, we had such an overachievement on the sales that, I mean, you’d have to be counting on a 16 open only comp sales and when the rest of Europe. If we have those type of comp sales, yeah, we’d have a different discussion, where maybe the margin is back to more like those levels. But that you’d have to have these way outpaced comp sales like we just did. Now to your other point though, and Scott mentioned it, we are looking at the COVID cost, it is something we can take a hard look at here in the near future as we move ahead each quarter and as the environment normalizes, we’re going to make some improvements on those lines. So that will help. So, I hope that answered -- hope that answered. We’re -- we do believe there’s sales upside all along. And another plus we have on the cost line is our average retail has been moderating. And Scott, I think, started to allude to this as we go forward even into the back half, we’re looking like it’s going to moderate even more, because we’re seeing some more best brands goods coming in on order as we get to the third quarter, which is going to help our average ticket and that should help our expense on processing come down a little bit. So, a very good question, a lot of moving parts.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. No. Great, Paul. So, standout categories, I’ll start with the most obvious one, which is our home business is remarkably consistent, as I said in the script. I mean, you’re looking at 40 comps kind of what we did in the first quarter, and again, that basically was where we were in every division, even in the full family stores in a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls up in Canada, Homesense, so remarkable consistency. And the neat thing there is we have a lot of broad-based consistency throughout our entire loan business. So whether it’s big ticket areas like whether it’s furnitures or rugs or decorative accessories, everything was good. There wasn’t really one category. And this is where I give our teams, planning and allocation and this is not just in the home area. Our buying teams, our planning and allocation teams have been getting the goods fueling it so that the second part of your question was the deceleration in home. We have really not seen it -- I don’t think we’re going to expect it to stay at that almost artificially high level than it did in the first quarter. But I think we have opportunity over the next quarter to stay up in the realm pretty close to that. And we’re not having a problem in the home area of stock -- staying at stock, which was the third part of your question and we’re not actually having a problem where apparel has now started to improve for us. Paul, I think you’re asking what else is standing out. So we have a handful of apparel categories, which I won’t give the specifics on which ones, but they are really kicking in as the quarter went on and going into the second quarter. And the nice thing that often happens is when the weather shifts and apparel kicks in, if there was a trend line prior, usually, our home business takes more of a hit where the consumer moves off of home for a little bit. And yeah, again, our homes is going to continue at 40 comps, but it did not move off hardly at all. And our apparel just kicked in and that’s one reason you’re seeing these outpaced comps from us really at this first quarter. Chasing product, flow of product has been a non-issue. I say, it’s a non-issue because the teams have really executed so well and they’re working so -- and I give logistics credit. I give really everybody involved credit to keep fuel. It’s not easy to keep fueling a 16 comp and that’s why I liked your question when you asked it, because it is an unusual time for us to be running an open only 16 comps. And I just, again, give credit to all The TJX associates that are involved in that. Because they’re making to happen, they have this position going into the second quarter every bit, as well as we were in the first quarter. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Ernie Herrman: In third quarter and fourth quarter, and to your point Ike, as the world more normalizes. What we’ve been trying to do is keep associate and customer safety still. I guess, we’ve looked at some of our -- and we’ve talked about this, we have the greeters at the front of our stores, which have -- it’s created a cost, but it’s also created a customer service improvement perception and the safety, which is why we do believe that some of those extra costs have allowed us to play offense to actually drive our sales ironically. And so we are going to ease our way off and not just do a pendulum swing quick move, because we believe it’s been helping our topline. However, we know we need to moderate on that, and we will do it just like Scott said and we’re going to take a hard look especially as you get to the third quarter and fourth quarter. So, hopefully, that -- I just want to give you some color on why we aren’t going to necessarily move off it as fast because it’s been a topline driver.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Great question. Yeah. So, obviously, when we looked at the first quarter and it’s tough to measure we can’t get at all that data specifically, we do believe the stimulus checks, et cetera, were part of it and clearly a pent-up demand issue, right, from people not having shopped and then we have the -- something we talked about, I think, it was in last call, you do have that revenge shopping aspect that I think comes out where people are passionate and want to get out there and we are entertaining. So, pieces of that, but you have the store closure thing we talked about, which is going on all around us. So, we believe that, I would say, a chunk of our has not been just the stimulus and the -- to the best of our knowledge we wouldn’t be entering the second quarter with a similar trend, which is why we specifically when we did the release, we put that last bullet point there, which is, I guess, is a little bit more specific than we normally would on how we start a quarter and why we wanted to say that we are entering it similarly. So, you understand that the overall stimulus check thing isn’t the only thing playing and it has to be some of those other issues in our business model store closures. By the way, I do believe our business model now resonates more than it even did pre-COVID. I think consumers, if ever they have even more so now with all the stress of what’s happened in the last year, they appreciate the treasure hunt entertainment, me time as I mentioned in the script , “me time”, they, I think our model and the fact that we talked about earlier on the call, we’ve delivered a lot of exciting merchandise, which plays right into this time period. I think that’s the vast majority of why we’re getting the sales. And to point that’s why I think there’s sales upside as we look out.
Ernie Herrman: You know what I mean it’s not just from the different stimulus government packages that have taken place, where we wouldn’t be seeing what seems to be a pretty consistent trend.
Ernie Herrman: So Jay to add one other thing in terms of market share gain as I look out here. Really through the balance of the year, is one of the advantages we continue to have in this home business. We learned to even improve on it is the way we learn to some of the merchants, a lot of merchants lunch or work virtually in a very effective manner. And our home division has a, as I mentioned, we have over 500 plus buyers in our home division that have collaborated just beyond even what we did before, as well as we have satellite offices for not just home that are overseas, that are now buying more merchandise for us than they did before. So when you -- I feel we can continue to actually now drive and even more eclectic mix of home, which has the advantage that the consumer can buy it that day, if it’s a piece of furniture they can try it and buy it. I mean, think, about all the delivery issues that have taken place or so that’s all an added plus. So, in addition to the apparel thing, Scott, was talking about, as well as some other that are hot categories in the industry, such as the beauty business. We have -- I give that team a lot of credit. We’ve really been doing a nice job. They collaborate strongly across division. And again, some of the learnings that have taken place, I think, we’re going to have a slight bit of advantage over what we did pre-COVID and the way we’re able to flex and leverage all the different division’s merchant knowledge. So I know long way, but that’s a whole other piece that is making us feel even better about the future.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Okay. I believe that was our last call. I would like to thank you all for joining us today. We’ll be updating you again on our second quarter earnings call in August and from the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well and we wish you good health. Take care.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. It’s hard to get real reason on the age. What we’ve been seeing at least over the last couple of quarters is a significant number of the new customers that we’re getting back are…
Scott Goldenberg: … remarkably at HomeGoods that’s even continuing. So, overall, the average age of the customers in both boxes is likely, when we finish up and get current results, probably, younger than it has been. So that’s really good. The traffic patterns, once we got past some of the weather issues that we called out on our last call have been consistently strong through. We’ll call it the Maple, the Fred [ph], that February, March and continuing right up to, as Ernie talked about, similar sales today. And that’s at both more -- speaking really more Marmaxx and HomeGoods because of all of the closures that we’ve had. So the basket has been remarkably strong…
Scott Goldenberg: And has not really decreased at all, so customers continue to put more units and the traffic continues to be strong and consistently staying that way.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. I think just to reiterate a little what Ernie said on the merchandise margin in the back half. I mean, I think, if we compare it to -- again as we move, I think, the second quarter trying to make comparisons and we feel good about as Ernie, the overall merchandise margin, especially if you take freight out of the equation compared to two years ago. This third quarter last year where Ernie was comparing to 2021 is really on the mark-on and the markdowns. We also had some technical issues where we had some accruals in which -- and both on markdowns and shrink, which we reversed in the back half of the year, which are not a fiscal 2020 issue, but when comparing to last year or benefits that we saw last year in the back half that we won’t repeat.
Scott Goldenberg: So -- yeah. So the other aspect is in terms of some of the two-year flow-through, it’s hard to isolate, especially when you look at the quarter we’ve just had, when you have -- we have COVID costs, which we’re still roughly in full force and we can talk about that more. But I would expect those to moderate and Ernie can talk about them more as we move through the second quarter and back half of the year. I think what -- at least at the moment is stubborn and we’re still in the middle of assessing like everyone else are freight costs. But probably compared to both last -- what we -- when we talked three months ago and earlier in that, the freight costs are probably going to be stubbornly high at least for the rest of this year. As we’re dealing with the same issues of driver shortages and rate increases likely to be higher than what we had originally thought. So I think that piece of it is still -- is going to be persisting. Having said that, we have been, I think, as Ernie mentioned, we’re doing a great job of getting the goods. Paying more for it, but we’re getting goods. Our inventories are in good shape and the buyer -- and our planning and allocation teams have been allocating those goods and doing a great job as you can see by our sales. On the other hand, the wage costs have been -- there’s been pressure more. It’s still stubborn in the DCs as we’ve had a number of our DCs where we’ve had wage -- increase our wage rates. But on the positive side, both in the stores and the DCs, although, we have pockets of challenges, we’ve been able to hire back to our staffing -- close to our staffing levels we need to staff the store albeit at a deleverage compared to prior year. So, again, the positive is, we adjust as necessary, but we’ve been able to staff the stores and the distribution centers to meet the demand. So it’s hard to compare with the lost sales in Europe and with the COVID costs exactly what those breakpoints would be on sales at this point.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. Again, I can certainly answer to the first quarter. Well, the second quarter goes back to what -- how COVID costs, how we drop, how those decrease, what costs -- we have to see what costs, and Ernie can talk a little about this in terms of how much apparel sales and how that relates to expenses in average retail. So to...
Scott Goldenberg: But I don’t want to be straightforward on that. We obviously would have leveraged and did leverage on those sales. But net-net, those two kind of wash each other and then the rest has to do -- which could get better again in the back half of the year having to do. We -- our average retailers were down, but they did get better as we move through the quarter as our apparel sales started to improve. And also our -- and the rest of the deleverage was just due to our distribution center and wage costs. So the primary difference, I would say, they more or less offset each other was the COVID costs and the leverage, and then we still had the deleverage of wage in the DC expenses.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. A lot of hypotheticals there. I think, you were looking at the first quarter, right? Where there was significant -- the two major delevers were the COVID costs and the loss on sales on Europe.
Scott Goldenberg: Europe and Canada. Yeah. With Europe being the bigger piece of that. So that is correct. As you would expect, you would offset a good chunk of that on the high average comps that we did get. And then, again, but the reason why we still would go down is, you still have higher than normal cost increases both in the wage and…
Scott Goldenberg: Not all of that will go away in the back half. So we’re not giving guidance, but I do -- I think as we’ve said before, obviously, we don’t know what the sales level, how high they could be. But you would expect us not, at this point, still to be reaching due to the some level of COVID costs and some of it is deleverage to be -- with the freight to be reaching the percent of 200 and fiscal 2020 or calendar 2019.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. Great question. In terms of the COVID costs, we would -- right now we’d expect them to be coming down in the second quarter slightly. And -- but I think, as Ernie said, we’re going to evaluate that based on the environment and that we would be expecting them to be coming down substantially in the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: In terms of your question on SG&A, I’d actually have to get back to you in terms of, we’re up about 4% on a per store basis versus 2020, but it’s -- this quarter, it’s a little difficult to have to segregate that out because you don’t -- you have still have a fair number of expenses in Europe and Canada without the typical type of sales that you might expect and then we had the outside sales in Marmaxx and HomeGoods. So, overall, we were up about 4% versus fiscal 2020.
Scott Goldenberg: Again, a lot of this will depend -- I think, again, we’re still evaluating the COVID costs. So not -- again, not giving up the cost save other than we expect them to moderate both in dollars and as a percent sales impact. I think Ernie reiterated on, one, a lot of it is still will depend on the merchandise margin in terms of what the -- what our mark-on and markdown will be and the level of sales. So, again, if we have outsized sales and we’re able to buy better, the real wildcard is freight costs and how high they’re going to be in the back half of the year. But we didn’t say that a lot of the other cost wins are going to be at least for now, the wage and the distribution costs we’re cycling, opening up of both a lot of our facilities and we did a lot -- we opened six 3PLs or just additional, what we’ll call processing space last year that we’re going to go against in the back half and including Lordstown, a HomeGoods distribution center. So, I don’t think our supply chain/wage are going to be levering at this point based on what we know and the wildcards really being merchandise margin and freight with COVID going down. So, I think the biggest benefit to us getting better in our overall margins will be how far does COVID get down and what’s our level of sales and if those stay high then we would expect to go to a higher level of pre-tax margin.
Scott Goldenberg: But I think it goes back to what Ernie said, just a couple questions ago where, for the third quarter, fourth quarter and first quarter our home sales were disproportionately benefiting us or the biggest piece of helping us out. But the home sales now have continued to be strong and what’s driving it as the apparel sales have gone up from the fourth quarter and as we’ve moved and continued to be strong -- to be a big benefit, as we’ve moved through up until as we speak today. So the stimulus, as Ernie said was, is best we can term was more of a March, April factor, it probably waning as best we can determine. But now it has to do with the wardrobe people -- they didn’t buy a lot of apparel last year in the first and second quarter and that’s I think contributing to our strength right now.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. And one thing we said when we’re generally running well is the -- both at HomeGoods and Marmaxx, the consistency of the sales regionally, the consistency of the sales based on household income as best we can determine, consistency, in terms of the age of our stores -- our stores whether it’s at HomeGoods and Marmaxx that are over 10 years and depending -- even going up as is all the 20 years and 30 years are doing significant comps. So, it’s that broad base sales that we’re doing and then the good news is, at HomeGoods almost all our stores and Marmaxx, the 90%-plus, where our stores are in the suburban, ex-urban and rural areas. That’s where our stores are located and so their strong strength across all of those three areas and the one area that’s not doing as well would be the urban stores, but we just don’t have that many of them.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. We had -- again, we have two -- we’ve been saying this for the last that more than ever in cover too many puts and takes to get at this point what the breakeven in terms of getting back to the margins. We expect our margins to get better as we move into the back half and we would expect them to get, significantly better next year to be -- we’ll have to see what level our sales get to in the back half and then what, how some of these costs on freight and supply chain and wage pressure to determine what level of margin we’re going to actually settle in at. But other than we expect both the back half, but certainly next year to be going up significantly in our pre-tax margins. In terms of freight. Yes, in terms of just even versus three months ago, we would expect -- we’re not finalized at this point. But we certainly expect freight costs to persist and would be higher than what we would have anticipated three months ago.
Scott Goldenberg: We should have given. I don’t remember, giving the basis points, but we would be worse. It would just be worse than what we would have thought.
