Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Debra on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. 2013 was another successful year for TJX on top of many great years. Earnings per share increased 15% which was above our plan. We achieved this growth over last year’s robust 24% adjusted EPS growth on a 52-week basis. Over the last five years, our compound annual adjusted EPS growth was a strong 24%. Consolidated comp sales increased 3% in line with our plan, and over last year’s very strong 7% increase. Excluding the extra week last year, three of our four divisions delivered the highest annual segment profit margin in their histories. Our 2013 performance once again demonstrates the power and resiliency of our off-price business model. With our value, mission and enormous flexibility, we drove excellent results in a very competitive retail environment. Value remains top of mind for today’s consumer, and we are convinced that our values will continue to attract U.S. and international customers. Today, I want to share with you the magnitude of our top and bottom line growth opportunities. While we are approaching $30 billion in annual sales, we see tremendous global growth potential ahead for TJX. We are maintaining our 10% to 13% long-term annual EPS growth model, while continuing to invest in our future growth. As always, we will strive to surpass our goals, which we have done successfully for the last five years. We are in excellent position as we begin a new year, and are well on our road to becoming a $40 billion company and beyond. Before I continue, I’ll turn this call over to Scott to recap the numbers.
Carol Meyrowitz: No, we’re completely clean. We had very little cold weather even in January. We were pretty cleaned out by December.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, most of the markdowns were really on non-cold weather apparels. It was predominantly where we took our markdowns.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. So I’m going to sort of repeat what I said because it really is so small to us. And it’s a building process and we are very, very pleased. We did beat our sales plan, but having said that, we’re getting close to $30 billion without e-commerce. So it’s just going to be something, we’re going to keep building we’ve learned. We have some interesting plans. And our intention long-term is to have all our brands, be able to sell to the customer online and in stores. What we’re particularly pleased about is the fact that most customers are returning – their returns are going back into the stores. So what we need to understand is new customers – are we gaining new customers? We have a lot of information, but we are very pleased with the launch. And we did make sure that we really satisfy the customer during the holiday period also. So we didn’t really have any glitch in terms of getting it directly to the customer quickly, and that’s really what we strive for our first back half out with tjmaxx.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, I think right now we’ve been looking at a few places obviously. And we think that this is particularly interesting. And those eight million people, very high demographic and very similar to our German mix. So we really don’t see any increase dramatically in infrastructure. We’ll put a slight amount into systems and that’s really about it. And we’ll have some other opportunities in the future too to leverage that way.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think the other thing that we should stress is that Ernie and his team had been looking at the country a few years out. So they’ve really got the lay of the land. And that was very important. We have a team, and the infrastructure is absolutely there.
Carol Meyrowitz: Look, we look at Penney’s, we look at everyone. We really don’t see that dramatically affecting our business at all. And in terms of the distance between us and being able to offer value, we don’t see any issues there. There are more goods available. You have to understand first of all, we do businesses with over 16,000 vendors. We are global. We have the advantage of European fashion, domestic fashions, brands all over the world. That is very different than what is typical. So again we don’t really see Penney’s. We didn’t see it a year ago or two years ago. We just need to keep executing well. In the fourth quarter, we definitely did get a little bit hurt by weather, but we are positioned extremely well for 2014. We will strive to beat our plan again.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks for asking that question, because we were very strategic in setting ourselves up for Q1. We have a lot more open to buy than we had a year ago. And the market is absolutely fresh. We thought that way. We knew that we wanted to end nice and clean and be very up to-date on our fashions in going forward. So we did ship a little bit more freshness in November and December than we did a year ago. And we paid a little bit more for that, but I think it was the right thing to do. But we also felt the right thing was to do to end very, very clean at the end of the quarter. And I mean Ernie, you want – the market is – again, Ernie is out there with his hammer every morning with the buyers.
Carol Meyrowitz: Right. We hit pricing, but again we pushed some areas in December a little bit harder than we did the year before strategically. And those are the areas when the weather hit us a little bit in January, we got more aggressive, because we didn’t want to be sitting with it. So it’s a combination and we said, let’s be really lean because there is tons of great deals out there. So that was really a combination.
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly first of all, I said it a lot, that we have learned a lot. And we certainly took our heads several years ago. And you can see the progress. Again we’re planning Europe, quite a bit up next year again because we feel that the infrastructure and we feel that everything is in place to do business. Now, we have increased the number of stores. But having said that, we’re not going crazy by any means. And Ernie you can comment on the real estate. I think we’re in a great position there also.
Carol Meyrowitz: Also Kimberly, the fact that our second largest buying stores in Germany, isn’t too shabby either. So we see opportunities to some pretty big volume stores in the high streets.
Carol Meyrowitz: I would say to you, slowly but surely people are feeling more comfortable, because we’ve really set up the site, so that we are very, very vendor friendly. So we are capturing more vendors every day and that’s going to continue to build.Daniel Hofkin – William Blair & Co: Thanks very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: Slightly. We’re planning it slightly down, but we’re still planning our inventories down, yes. And by having said that again, our goal is to try to deliver more frequently to the stores and we’ll continue on that path less more frequently.Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, honestly I am thrilled with HomeGoods and I was pretty happy. They have more stores obviously in the Northeast and in the cooler climate, so they got hit a little bit more, but having said that we’re very happy with their performance. They also were aggressive in cleaning out. So they’d be fresh for spring, but we love HomeGoods and we continue to see tremendous growth there. Nothing unusual going on there.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. So we had a new prototype that we rolled out pretty aggressively in T.J. Maxx and Marshalls. We’ve learned certain things that we need to do in Marshalls that we learned through the T.J. Maxx prototype, but we want to upgrade and that’s what we’re working on. We think it’s time. And some of the things will benefit just making it more customer friendly, easier to shop. A lot of the things that we’ve learned overtime and also through customer surveys. And so that’s what we’re working on. And continuing to differentiate the two chains. So it’s exciting to be able to walk into both. Differentiation is very, very important which allows us again to put our store closure together. So we are seeing when we put Maxx next to Marshalls, it’s really becoming a mecca and certainly at HomeGoods. We’re actually putting HomeGoods right near my house because I needed to have HomeGoods and the Marshalls within a mile distance of shopping. So we’re pretty excited about that, but we’re always going to upgrade our stores. It’s just part of our process. And that’s why we’re around the 250 mark versus being a little bit more aggressive on our remodels, because we’re starting a new prototype.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, that’s really about building the talent and our team to be all around the world. We’ve increased our buying offices all over. We have more people in New York, more people in California. We have more people in Europe. We have people in India. We have people in Australia. We continue to build that, so that we’re constantly opening new vendors and more excitement. And that includes some of the smaller guys that are very hard for typically a department store to find. And they are little niche vendors that make our mix very eclectic and very unique. And that’s part of the treasure hunt. So we find that very exciting.
Carol Meyrowitz: I have no idea. We are just very excited about this – the whole outdoor, the whole space we’re very excited about and we think of the kind of like HomeGoods in the active and outdoor space. So we’re excited about it, but I couldn’t tell you. I mean we’re just starting to open our stores and look – like anything else, we hope it’s going to be a big chain in the future.Heather Balsky – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, I’m sorry Robert, but we don’t talk about the categories. We do have competition out there that looks at it periodically.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well the mix is very different. So they go after in a very different way. So the categories – there were categories that were strong throughout. There were some unique things that Marmaxx did that certainly HomeGoods didn’t do. And there was certainly unique things that HomeGoods did that Marmaxx didn’t do. So they are two different operations. They just leverage each other on the total buying, but they differentiate.
Carol Meyrowitz: I’ll answer the Sierra. We’re creating a brand new prototype. So it is going to look very different from the Sierra stores today. We’re really – if you think of it like again the idea of a HomeGoods field in the outsource space, but it’s going to have some very unique things. It’s going to be pretty interesting. It’s going to have a real unique look. But value, value, value, I can’t say it enough in every category. That’s what we’re going after.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Beginning with our full year fiscal ‘14 results. Again consolidated comparable store sales increased 3% on a 52-week comparable basis on top of four years of comp increases of 4% or higher. Our full year comp increase was driven by ticket with traffic being slightly positive. On an adjusted basis, excluding the third quarter tax benefit of $0.11 per share, fiscal ‘14 diluted earnings per share were $2.83, a 15% increase over the prior year’s adjusted EPS of $2.47, which excludes the approximately 8% benefit from the 53rd week in fiscal ‘13. Fiscal ‘14 represents the fifth consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth. Foreign currency exchange rates had a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share compared with the neutral impact last year. For the full year, consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.1%, on an adjusted basis, excluding the approximate 20 basis points benefit from the 53rd week in fiscal ‘13. Fiscal ‘14 pre-tax profit margin increased 40 basis points from last year. Gross profit margin was 28.5%, up 10 basis points over the prior year. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.3%, a 10 basis points improvement from last year, in line with our plans. For both gross profit and SG&A, I’m comparing against reported 53-week results last year. So on an adjusted 52-week comparable basis, the year-over-year improvement was actually a bit better. Now to recap fourth quarter results. Consolidated comparable store sales increased 3% over last year’s 4% reported increased and a 7% increase in the prior year. Our fourth quarter comp was driven by an increase in ticket. Diluted earnings per share were $0.81, a 9% increase over the prior year’s adjusted EPS of $0.74 which excludes the approximately $0.08 benefit from the extra week last year. Foreign currency exchange rates had a $0.01 positive impact on earnings per share compared with the neutral impact last year. Consolidated pre-tax profit margins were 12.0%, excluding approximately 60 basis points benefit from the extra week in the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘13. This represents a 10 basis points increase from last year, due to SG&A favorability. Gross profit margin was 27.6%, down 100 basis points versus the prior year. This was due to a combination of factors. First, almost all of the 60 basis point benefit from the extra week in fiscal ‘13 was in gross margin. Secondly, merchandise margins decreased this year, primarily as a result of our aggressive pricing and markdowns in the fourth quarter. Carol will elaborate in just a moment. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 15.6%, an improvement of 40 basis points versus the prior year. This was due to year-over-year favorability from a combination of items that negatively impacted last year’s ratio by about 50 basis points. At the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis including the warehouses and excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were down 8% in constant currency. We began the new fiscal year in a great inventory position with great flexibility to take advantage of buying opportunities in the marketplace. Now to some detail on the impact of FX on TJX Canada. The steep decline in the Canadian dollar had a negative impact on TJX Canada’s merchandise margins in the fourth quarter. Let me explain further. TJX Canada buys over 50% of its merchandise in U.S. dollars. While our inventory hedges can help mitigate the impact of currency fluctuations, in fiscal ‘14, the Canadian dollar depreciated even more dramatically beyond the hedges that we placed throughout the year. Effectively, this increased our cost of goods bought in U.S. dollars. As always, we remain focused on our value gap with the competition and priced our merchandise accordingly. As a result, we had significant pressure on our merchandise margins, which is reflected in the 160 basis point decline in the adjusted segment margins at TJX Canada in the fourth quarter. Moving to our financial strength and excellent financial returns. Our business model continues to generate tremendous amounts of cash and superior financial returns. In fiscal ‘14, our ROIC reached 23%. This is up from 19% at the end of fiscal ‘10 and we believe is one of the highest among major retailers. We continue reinvesting in our growth and remain strongly committed to returning cash to our shareholders. We returned $1.9 billion of cash to shareholders in fiscal ‘14 through our share repurchase and dividend programs. Even after increasing the shareholder distribution programs and our investments in the business, we still ended the year with $2.4 billion of cash and short-term investments. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our first quarter and full year fiscal ‘15 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to fiscal ‘15 guidance beginning with the full year. For the full year, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $3.05 to $3.19 over $2.94 in fiscal ‘14. Again fiscal ‘14 included a tax benefit of $0.11. Excluding this benefit, fiscal ‘15 full year expected EPS would be 8% to 13% over the prior year’s adjusted $2.83. Our EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $28.8 billion to $29.2 billion range, a 5% to 6% increase over the prior year. For comp store sales, we’re assuming 1% to 2% increase, both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. For the year, we expect pre-tax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.3%. This would be down 10 basis points, to up 20 basis points versus 12.1% in fiscal ‘14. We’re planning gross profit margins to be 28.4% to 28.7%, which is down 10 basis points, to up 20 basis points versus fiscal ‘14. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.3%, flat with last year. Foreign currency exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on full year EPS growth versus a $0.01 positive impact last year. In fiscal ‘15, we plan to continue to balance the use of cash between investing to support our growth and returning cash to shareholders. Similar to last year, we’re planning capital spending of about $975 million. We are planning investments in store growth and remodels, and we also continue our investments in our distribution network, systems and home office facilities. We are planning to stock buyback in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, and expect that our Board of Directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 21% on top of the 26% increase last year. Even with this level of shareholder distribution, we still plan to end fiscal ‘15 with $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion in cash, which provides significant financial flexibility. For modeling purposes, we’re planning a tax rate of 37.8%, net interest expense of approximately $35 million and a weighted average share count of 703 million shares. Now to Q1 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.65 to $0.66, a 5% to 6% increase over the last year’s $0.62 per share. There are several items that we have assumed will negatively impact our expected growth rate in the first quarter. These include; the reversal of the mark-to-market adjustment that benefited the fourth quarter, the negative impact of FX on TJX Canada’s merchandise margins and the timing of some expenses. So our underlying growth rate without these items would be stronger than the numbers imply. We’re assuming the first quarter consolidated sales in the $6.5 billion to $6.6 billion. This is based on comp sales growth in the 1% to 2% range on both, a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. First quarter pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 11.4% to 11.5% range, down 40 basis points to down 30 basis points versus the prior year. We’re anticipating first quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.1% to 28.2%, down 30 basis points to down 20 basis points versus the prior year. We’re expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 16.5% to 16.6% range versus 16.5% last year. Foreign currency rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on EPS this year compared to a $0.01 negative impact last year. For modeling purposes, we’re anticipating a tax rate of 38.0% and net interest expense of about $9 million. We anticipate weighted average share count of approximate 713 million. Again, our guidance for the first quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. I’ll wrap up with our store growth plans for fiscal ‘15. On a consolidated basis, we plan to open about 182 stores, with about 10 planned closings. This would result in approximately 172 net new stores for a total of about 3,391 stores planned by year-end. This represents square footage growth of approximately 5%, which would be at the high end of our three year growth model. In the U.S. with the continued strong performance of Marmaxx and HomeGoods, we plan to continue our aggressive expansion of these businesses. Our plans call for us to net 75 new stores at Marmaxx and 35 new stores at HomeGoods. As Carol mentioned, we also plan to open two new Sierra Trading Post stores. Internationally at TJX Canada, we plan to add 20 new stores including 10 Marshalls stores. At TJX Europe, as Carol mentioned, we expect to increase our pace of openings by approximately 25% and add 40 new stores this year. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep this call on schedule, we are going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. We appreciate your cooperation with this. Thanks and we’ll now open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So starting with – and again I want to do this for the foreign divisions excluding FX. So first with Marmaxx, we have planned 1% to 2% comp against last year’s 3%. The segment margins at low 14.4% to 14.8% against last year’s 14.6%. So down 20 basis points to up 20 basis points at the high. And sales $18.6 billion to $18.8 billion. Now to HomeGoods, 1% to 2% comp, against last year’s strong 7%. 12.6% to 12.9%, again at the 30 basis points to flat at the high. $3.2 billion in sales. TJX Canada is zero to 2% comp. 12.7% to 13.1%, against last year’s 13.6%, down 90 basis points to minus 50 basis points at the high at $2.9 billion to $3 billion in sales. Europe, 3% to 4%, against last year’s 6% with 8.3% to 8.7%, against last year’s 7.8%. And 50 basis points to 90 basis point increase. And again the total number on the TJX consolidated 1% to 2% against the 3% this year. And excluding FX, zero to 30 basis points on the high.
Scott Goldenberg: So comps of 3% to 4%, against this year’s 6% comp. Segment margins, again this is excluding FX, 8.3% to 8.7%, against last year’s 7.8%. A 50 basis points to 90 basis points improvement, and sales in U.S. dollars of $4.1 billion to $4.2 billion. I’d give it to you in terms of – the way we look it because a lot of our expenses in margin increases are built into the model – if we beat our comp by 1% comp going into next year, then we’d expect to have about 20 basis point improvement. And on the full year, we’d have approximately $0.08 if we beat by a full 1% comp.
Ernie Herrman: Well Roxanne, I’ll just jump in a little bit here also. As Carol said, our infrastructure – and we’ve talked about this couple of times I think over the last year or two. We’re in pretty good shape in terms of our merchandising planning areas. Over there we call our merchandising area. So as we look at this is an extension of Germany, it’s really allowing us to not even distract the organization with any big type of initiative or new type of business. So it will be a pretty seamless transition into the few stores into Austria.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, as opposed to just jumping at this we did not – to Carol’s point, we’ve been talking about this for a while. So this was not a new – we’re new in announcing it, but we’ve looked at this for quite a while.
Ernie Herrman: And we could feel it all year along from going back into the first half, the amount of availability which does always good. And it just built the little bit more than even in the past. So we were – as Carol said, going into fourth quarter, we were strategic and staying more liquid and open to buy. And the good thing with this model of business is when you do get hit with weather, that we get hit like anybody else but in the short-term, we’re able to take advantage of opportunities in the market. And so the challenge of course is to maintain that open to buy given all the goods that are out there. So our jobs right now are to keep all of the divisions from buying too much too soon because of that much of availability out there.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Kimberly, I just got actually back from Europe a week and a half ago. And one of the things we talked about over there was the real estate that we’re going after and making – and showing that we’re going after quality sites and not forcing the issue of the number of real estate’s sites, really going after the quality sites, which in the past in ‘08, ‘09 I don’t know if we did as good as job back then. Secondly, the other thing we’re doing a much better job on is we have the people in place. That is really the driver of any of these expansions with a number of stores. As long as we have the buying and merchandise planning areas intact and they’ve been in their jobs a lot longer than they were back then. We’re really able to – so really do a much better job in replenishing and shipping all of those stores. In addition, in order to ensure that our real estate that we are choosing going after as more strategic, we have staffed up aggressively over the last two years in terms of our real estate I guess dealmakers you call it, as well as our real estate market analysis. So that whole team now has – I don’t know the exact number, but we’ve gone up in size quite significantly. And so we’re much more analytical when we open our stores over there. So all of those factors I think really make us feel very comfortable in ramping up over there.
