Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John Klinger. I'd like to begin today by once again recognizing our global associates for their dedication to TJX. It is their hard work that brings our business to life every day for our customers. I want to extend a special thank you to our store, distribution and fulfillment center associates for their continued very hard work and commitment to our company.  I want to comment on the wildfires in Maui. We are grateful that our associates in Maui and the rest of Hawaii are safe. And at the same time, are deeply saddened by the devastation and loss. To help with the relief efforts on the ground, we have made a donation to the Maui Food Bank and our local teams are donating essential supplies.  Now to our business update and second quarter results. I am extremely pleased with our second quarter performance as sales, profitability and earnings per share were all well above our plans. I want to highlight that customer traffic drove our 6% overall comp sales increase, and it increased at all of our divisions. As a reminder, for us, customer traffic represents the number of customer transactions.  I am particularly pleased with the performance of our largest division, Marmaxx, which delivered high single-digit increases in both comp sales and customer traffic. Our overall apparel and accessories sales were very strong. And our overall home sales significantly improved and returned to positive comp sales growth. Clearly, our terrific mix of branded, fashionable merchandise and great values resonated with shoppers when they visited our stores.  In terms of profitability, both pre-tax profit margin and earnings per share increased significantly versus last year. Importantly, merchandise margin continues to be very healthy with our above-plan sales and profitability performance in the second quarter, we are raising our full year outlook for comp sales, pre-tax profit margin and earnings per share. John will talk to this in a moment.  We are very pleased with the continued momentum of our business and the excellent execution of our teams across the company. They have been laser-focused on driving sales and traffic and improving profitability. The third quarter is off to a very strong start, and we feel great about our plans for the remainder of the year.  The marketplace is loaded with outstanding buying opportunities and we are confident that we will continue to offer a terrific mix of brands and an outstanding assortment of gifts to our shoppers during the fall and holiday selling seasons. We are convinced that our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience and excellent values will continue to serve us well and allow us to capture additional market share across our geographies for many years to come.  Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to John to cover our second quarter financial results in more detail. 
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Matt, good question. Obviously, looking at as the indicator I gave when I said very strong for the Q3 start, which is coming out of Q2 where each month got a little stronger. So we were sequentially stronger throughout Q2 as the quarter went on. And that momentum has now continued into Q3. And I think you were asking about any differentiator between apparel or home, I would tell you when it well. When you have comps like this and you have Marmaxx running such a high comp as they did, as you can imagine, we are we are experiencing health across just about every category in the store.  And in fact, the parallel across the board has been very healthy as has the home area. And I'm talking within Marmaxx because you've seen that HomeGoods from -- remember, Q1 in HomeGoods, we were down 7%, and now we were up 4% in HomeGoods for Q2, which is really a terrific. We had signaled to all of you that we thought there'd be incremental improvement. Clearly, it was even exceeded our expectations. And we are feeling very good about that business also as we go into Q3. So I hope that answered your question. 
Ernie Herrman: John, as I was touching on it in your question, as we talked -- remember, there was a little bit confusion on the last call, and we talked about how our ticket might be down slightly and pretty much it was on our expectations, right in line. And as a result, we drove our top line as we had explained to you in some of our meetings about you can't judge the average ticket and its sales relationship because some of the categories that we were growing in the mix of departments create multiple purchases. And so we're pleased to see it all really went along the lines of what we had discussed back at the end of Q1. 
Ernie Herrman: Lorraine, so we got it. So yes, the like-for-like pricing continues to work. We continue to see opportunity there as we move forward. And again, we do that, as we said from the very beginning, we do that very selectively in certain areas and certain categories and certain items as witnessed by our performance as well as we have another data point, which we measure qualitatively where we measure customer perception of our values.  First of all, we can talk from our turns as well as our sales. But we have another perception point where consumers right now are actually seeing our value perception versus a year ago has actually ticked up a couple of launches. So we're viewed against ourselves as value perception has improved, which tells you it's working. And then a second thing ironically is against the category average, we have improved.  So those are good barometers. We can see it in the metrics though, Lorraine, when you look at our turns and our sales. And where, again, as we've also said, is where we have ever founded an item where it didn't work, we adjust and then we bring that item back to where we think if it needs to work. But our hit rate has been 90-plus percent.  So the second part of your question, again, Lorraine was on the...
Ernie Herrman: Trade down, which hard for us to measure trade down. What I think we would say is store closures as well as, I would say, because in some cases, it's not a trade down or it's a trade over based on the category. So hard for us to measure trade down. What we can feel is capturing market share from other retailers that have closed or downsized in some of their store counts. And I am sure we are getting increased market share because we can see it in some of the categories that we carry. 
Ernie Herrman: Brooke, I would just also jump in what John said earlier in his notes, is that sales have been a driver in helping us to also leverage. And so as we are capturing the sales, we do believe because we've tried to make our store environment sticky for the customer in terms of here, she really having a great experience there as well as the merchandise. These are the two primary components of get customers while it captures new customers and get customers back. So we believe momentum doesn't just turn off overnight. So I think part of what we're all feeling internally here is as we've captured new and increased additional visits amidst the market share gain we're getting that, that will be also a margin driver for us as we move forward. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So Mark, obviously, we won't give the exact comp we're thinking further out. However, we do feel we are really hitting pretty much an inflection point in the HomeGoods business, and we're pretty bullish on the back half here that home will continue to improve on the trend versus the trend that you just saw. We're feeling good about the opportunity to continue to improve in our home mix. And to your point, will continue to contribute to the TJX with a combination of -- with HomeGoods and Marmaxx.  Also, just, again, we tend to talk about HomeGoods, specifically, but our home business within our full family stores -- so that's whether in Europe or in Canada and then clearly in T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, our home business there has also -- and those businesses has also improved, also good indicator because we used to talk a few years ago about the fact that home when you roll it all up is a key component of the TJX business. So again, another reason why John and I have talked about as we move forward, that home will continue to be a traffic and sales driver for us over the long term. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Marni, the thing I can tell you, even though we can't get some of that in for -- the ones that are cross-shopping do spend more. So it is a goal of ours to go after that. As John said, we have been attracting a disproportionate number of new Gen Z and millennial shoppers, which is what we really look at in terms of future growth because that's the future higher spend. So when we look out on our strategies for five to seven years, that -- and by the way, we purposely go after that.  We do compare -- what we do get at, we can compare our shoppers against some of the competition. There's some general data on that, that we look at. And we've been feeling really good about all gender and age groups to our stores and all the customers that are skewing younger, and that includes in Europe, Australia, domestically. 
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Bob. Not really a big change again, there has been an amazing -- what I used to script phenomenal availability across really all the areas. I would tell you there are pockets sometimes in categories where we don't get good, better, best as proportionate, but that's our business. So we always know that we're not going to be exact because we're opportunistic in our buying -- our buyers are great on -- in terms of strategically and knowing that they want their mix to be a certain balance depending on the category, by the way.  So for example, our buyer and handbags doesn't necessarily want the same ratio of good, better, best, determined by brands, et cetera, the buyer and women's tops, okay? So that varies, but we have been pretty healthy, I would say, other than in certain pockets of certain areas and accessories. It's been a little bit more of an up and down and an imbalance.  So we always look at that as an opportunity for the following year because when we have those pockets, as you can see, we just ran a 6 comp. And we still have those pockets of opportunity where we don't have the mix balanced exactly the way we want it to be, and even in some apparel areas. We ran into that in the second quarter that they weren't as strong as they could be if the mix was more balanced and good, better, best, the way that we want it to be.  So it's funny, your question brings we could spend a couple of hours on it because we -- and the merchants, we love to talk about how we go about doing that. And we also know that certain quarters, we look better than other quarters. But as you can see in the total picture, we look really strong and the merchants have done across a vast array, and you could never find a quarter where there isn't one area that doesn't have a little imbalance. For the most part, really strong balance of good, better, best. Nothing's really changed strategically on that front just a great question you asked. 
Ernie Herrman: That's a great point. I didn't get into that as much on the script. And I know it sometimes in our different investor meetings, we get to talk more about it. But it is I think one of the most key strategic advantages we have. A, the fact that our organization is set up to deliver a good, better, best scenario. And if you look, most retailers around us, very few do that. They're not -- they're zeroing in on certain demographic segments or certain, which could include age or fashion looks or different price levels. And we don't do that. And I think that will continue to be a benefit to us over the next five to 10 years, huge. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So Dana, we think, to John's point, tough to measure, but we feel as though, yes, we are getting from a Bed Bath & Beyond or -- but not just those guys, even some of the I believe we're getting some business from the online home retailers as well that have been a little inconsistent in their execution. I think that just creates other opportunities.  And then everyone -- that's at the store end for demand, we're talking. The other great -- not great. The other good thing is it creates additional supply of buying opportunities. We've been talking today about at the retail level, customers need another place to shop. But for our merchants, they get to take advantage of additional supply and we mean even more now to certain vendors because now they have less places for them to sell their goods. So that's been equally, I guess, beneficial. 
Ernie Herrman: Do you want to take -- I'll start with actually wages. I'll start with wage. Wages, we continue to see that as a headwind in our wages. We're going to be competitive in our wages in every market that we're in. And when we look at our attrition rates, our attrition rates are in line or improving with where they were last year. So we feel really good at where our wage is right now and our ability to attract associates to our company. 
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Adrienne. I like the way you framed it all up. So we do not -- obviously, we won't give the percentages by those types of buying pours the way we buy by each one, however, we do buy all those different ways. Right now, we are mission as always, is to pace ourselves on the buying of the in-season closeouts because the market is so loaded.  So as we move forward, right now, what we're thinking, Adrienne, is we will pull back even a little bit more on any of the buys that we tend to buy earlier or upfront because all indicators are there will be a continued additional supply, at least over the next six to 12 months of what you were just referring to as the in-season closeout type of situation.  The packaways is kind of varied. That has become a smaller percent of our business only because, in many cases, the fashion there, if it isn't right, we don't tend to pack it away. But the pattern of what we're seeing right now would tell us we're going to be even a little bit -- and now I'm talking massaging these by just a couple of points. We don't do pendulum swings on our open to buy or how much we do upfront versus leaf for closeouts. Again, the closeouts and the opportunistic side of our business, that's the bulk of our business, and that's what we prioritize. And we see that, I would think, kicking up a notch over the next six to 12 months. I hope that answers your question. 
Ernie Herrman: Okay. Thank you. I would like to thank everybody for joining us today. We look forward to updating you all again on our third quarter earnings call in November. Take care, everybody. 
John Klinger: And Matt, just to answer the question you had for me. I mean, as far as the back half and full year guidance. We continue to see freight opportunity in our initiatives, obviously, increasing our -- the confidence we have to increase our top line sales gives us the confidence to increase our back half guidance. As far as AUR Look, as far as pricing and merchandise margin, they were in line with our expectations. In the buying environment, it's fantastic. As Ernie said, we continue to see opportunities to take price in certain areas and merchandise margin improvement. We're really pleased at how our strategies this quarter drove our top line and again, gave us the confidence to increase our full year comp. 
John Klinger: Yes. I mean there's been a lot of volatility in the retail environment for a while. And we think we've got strong execution. We feel that we continue to gain that market share. 
John Klinger: Yes. Brooke, we're not giving guidance long term right now. But I can say that, as always, we strive to improve all the time, whether it's better buying or expense control, we continue to strive to do better. 
John Klinger: Yes. So as you saw, we did increase the comp. We feel confident about continuing to drive that top line.  The other thing that is benefiting us -- so in the second quarter and third quarter, we comment on the shrink. So we have just in line with how we accrue, there's an unfavorable impact in the second and third -- first, second and third quarter, and then we have a favorable impact in the fourth quarter. That, along with -- we continue to work on our freight initiatives and continue to try to control those costs as much as we can. 
John Klinger: Yes. It's hard for us to read that in detail. Just generally looking at the transaction increases that we have, we believe that we are attracting more new customers to our brands. And when you look at how we're attracting those customers. They tend to be more younger customers, the more Gen Z customers that we're attracting, which we're really excited about because that speaks to the longevity that we see, so. 
John Klinger: Yes. So the 53rd week is worth 10 basis points to our pre-tax profit $0.10 to our earnings per share, and it's about $800 million on the top line. 
John Klinger: We beat Q2 by $0.10, and we're beating -- we're increasing the back half by $0.04. And that's on increasing the comp from a 2% to 3% to 3% to 4%, given the strength we see in our sales. And then as far as our freight initiatives, we feel we -- the opportunities that we took in Q2, we're assuming that we continue in the year. And again, we're pulling forward a lot of what we -- within FY '25, but we're really happy to be gaining that benefit this year. 
John Klinger: And by the way, I'll just add to what Ernie said. Our ability to offer good, better and best, I mean, really differentiates us from our competition, and we feel it's a real competitive advantage. 
John Klinger: Yes, Dana, thanks for the question. As far as the real estate opportunity, we've been -- we've been on this from the beginning of when retailers start to close stores, and we take the best locations that fit our profile. And we'll continue to do that as we see stores close. As far as the sales and what we've seen, particularly for Marmaxx, we saw very consistent sales performance across income demographic, across geography. And we see ourselves, especially in some of these markets that are more rural is the -- as you see more and more closures as the department store of those areas and see opportunity.  So as far as the Bed Bath & Beyond gaining market share, they've been losing market share for quite a while, and we think we've gained it along the way. So it's sometimes a little bit hard to read that, but we feel that our execution in home has been outstanding, and we've been able to take that market share as it comes up. 
John Klinger: And you can see the impact of our top line on the strategy that we've had. I mean, we're offering the customers what they want, and they're coming back. 
