Ernie L. Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call are Carol Meyrowitz and Scott Goldenberg. Before I begin, I'd like to take this opportunity on behalf of myself, our entire management team and our organization to express our sincerest gratitude to Carol. For nine years as CEO and over a long tenure with the company, Carol has led TJX to great success with achievements too numerous to cover on this call. I am delighted that, in her new role as Executive Chairman, Carol and I will continue our 20-plus years of working together. Thank you, Carol.
Ernie L. Herrman: I'd like to start by saying that 2015 was another terrific year for TJX. We surpassed $30 billion in sales, and consolidated comp sales increased a strong 5%, which is well above our plan. We are extremely pleased that the comp was driven entirely by customer traffic. Consumers are loving our stores and shopping as even more frequently. We are convinced we are gaining market share profitably around the world. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased 5%, also above our expectations and over a strong 12% increase the prior year. 2015 marks the 20th consecutive year of comp and EPS gains for TJX. In our 39-year history, we have seen only one comp store sales decline. We're also very pleased that we drove merchandise margin increases while offering even more amazing values to our customers. It's important to note that we achieved these results despite significant foreign currency headwinds, as well as reinvesting in the business. Further, we were thrilled that our momentum continued into the fourth quarter. We ended the year with fourth quarter results that significantly exceeded our plans. It's also great to see such consistency in our business with comps hitting 5% to 6% every quarter of the year. Our 2015 performance once again demonstrates the power of our differentiated flexible business model to succeed across many different geographic, economic and retail environments. We were thrilled to expand our global footprint into Austria, the Netherlands and Australia in 2015. So, now, we operate in nine countries across three continents. Looking ahead, I am very excited about the future of TJX. We entered 2016 with terrific momentum, and the year is off to a strong start. We are convinced that we can continue growing our customer base around the world and are pursuing various opportunities to capture market share. To support our goals for growth, we are continuing to make strategic investments in the business. I am also confident that we are making the right investments today that will help us grow to $40 billion and beyond. As always, we have a management team that is passionate about achieving its plans and, more importantly, passionate about striving to surpass them. Before I continue, I'll now turn the call over to Scott to recap our fourth quarter and full year numbers.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yeah, Omar, a good question. What happens on that front – by the way, maybe adjusting retails would make sense if we saw others doing that. We haven't experienced that to that degree. And our number one strategy, as you can see, overall, has been to gain market share. So, we're on this mission to continue to offer the outrageous value and not being the first one to try to up the retail. So, we've been successful of recent by ensuring our value is the sharpest out there. So, we do not want to mess with that. And even though we're getting hit on the buying of the goods in U.S. dollars with the Canadian dollar translation, we still haven't moved our values. And I believe, if you'll look at our Canadian comps, it's helping us gain significant market share actually in that market. So, right now, that's the strategy that we're focused on.
Ernie L. Herrman: So, Omar, what it is – actually, in both markets we buy certain percentage of the mix. And so, in Canada, and I think we've been public on this, we buy about half the mix in U.S. dollars and the other half is not. It's Canadian bought. So, that's still a big chunk, as you can imagine.
Ernie L. Herrman: Okay, Richard. So, let's start at the top there. In terms of the traffic, first of all, there are a lot of levers being pulled, just as you mentioned. Marketing – it's never one thing. Obviously, we won't give any specific breakdowns on it, but marketing is a play. We've been very happy, as you can see, and you witnessed some of it. I'm sure, some of the creative we've had out there like our tri-brand campaign at holiday and we like what we're hitting out there with – for this first quarter coming up. Our loyalty programs have been strong, so also very happy with that. I would tell you one of the key drivers, though, still, especially in a business like ours, which has so much traffic and frequency of shopping, is that we've been executing the model, which is to deliver great goods at exciting values. And we've been going after, clearly, these brands and quality and fashion at retails that, in some cases, are obviously lower. That's a piece of why the average ticket had dropped, so to your question there. By the way, your other part of your question, with the average ticket drop, we've had a little bit of it in the other divisions, but Marmaxx has really been more or so the division that has experienced more of it. It's not as big a swing in other places in the corporation. But the traffic, we've been happy with it because we feel like we're working on all fronts. And even at this point in time, the amount of branded pack-away opportunities that have existed out there has really allowed us to position ourselves going into the new year, we think, to continue to help with the traffic pull.
Ernie L. Herrman: We cannot give you that number. That is a good question. If you'd like to, maybe you'd like to ask Carol to see if she'd...
Ernie L. Herrman: And at the same time, adding into that, we have, as you've seen in the plans, we've upped the amount of HomeGoods new store openings, which is also in addition to our – obviously, our comps, is adding to additional capacity needs because we're very bullish on the future of our store openings with HomeGoods.
Ernie L. Herrman: Matthew, I will – let me just start with some of the color. We'll let Scott speak to the SG&A. That's in his wheelhouse, so to speak. On the investing, first of all, we do what we think makes sense in each area. Clearly, we look at each independently. Like, international, we look at there versus systems versus e-commerce. We look at a strategy independently of each and decide what we think is the right long-term and the appropriate amount. So, I'd tell you on our e-commerce business, we've discussed this before, it's a relatively small piece of our business and we are taking an approach there of investing in a very methodical way and a careful way. Having said that, we're very happy with the business where it is today. We just will – we will keep that in ratio to the benefit and where we think we are headed with that. In systems, there's certainly a maintenance side to that and a part of running the business that we are cognizant of. And in international, clearly, you can tell from what we talked about in the script, that is a key focus for us and we have shown to make our model work whenever we replicate our model. Wherever we go, in fact, as I believe I mentioned, in Australia, we are pretty happy with our early indicators there going in fairly recently and already experiencing, I think, some pretty good success. So, I think, we can't give you specifics by the different investments. We would tell you they're all long-term oriented and they're all doing what makes sense for the business. In terms of color post holiday, also, as we mentioned, we're feeling very bullish, I would say, starting the new year off strong and that's across many categories. Yes, there are plentiful opportunities in the market, as we talked about, going back at the last two quarter calls. I think Carol and I both discussed that with you in the last two quarters, but nothing has really changed in the environment out there. In fact, there just continues to be a lot of opportunities. If anything, we're at one of those high points of taking advantage of pack-aways, but still having to control our merchants to make sure that we don't buy too much actually because there's so much to choose from. So, we're feeling really, really strong about the positioning post holiday. The liquidity is in a good position. That is feeling healthy. And I guess, that's that. And I will ask Scott to jump in on the SG&A.
Ernie L. Herrman: Paul, on the – on your merchandise, really, mix and opportunity question there, it's – which by the way is a great question because we – one of the benefits we've liked about it is we have been able to bob and weave, so to speak, the way you have just described it. So, we're able to take things that are a little out of season here and go there with it. Now, you have to keep in mind, we're dealing with 35 stores versus billions right? So, it's not a major swing impact for, like, the Marmaxx guys or the home businesses here. But there is a strong benefit for the new Australian business for Trade Secret because they're able to take advantage, to your point, of the off-season goods. It becomes not a pack-away, it becomes an in-season use there. And there's going to be some benefit additionally in terms of reading some trends on a certain fashion item that we'll be able to go ahead of it there, like we're able to do with our down stores (49:02) here as well. But even there, a little earlier, that will give us some reads actually on some fashion items ahead of the curve, so we can maybe take advantage of that back here. So, a great question, yeah. And we're happy – again, as I said before, very happy with we have – what we've already done with that and we have some great people working there. We have one senior executive that, and I think we talked about this before, from our Canada division that has relocated there as well as a handful of other TJX associates. So, we are really TJX-sizing that business rather quickly. And already – and you guys are familiar with how we pride ourselves on turning fast to create the treasure hunt. That division is already turning significantly faster than it did last year with a huge reduction in inventory. So, all good signs and I think the subject you brought up about the way we'll buy it will just help that. That will be another benefit in the future.
Ernie L. Herrman: So, Stephen, obviously, I guess, you would say – in a big, big picture, you'd say you're asking a group of people that are maybe not totally objective on this because we would say off-price can continue to get bigger and bigger and bigger, and we are not as high on the full-price business for a reason. I think, in the environment that we're in right now, by the way, I think the value of off-price business still plays better and some of the results that come out there, I think that will validate that. The reason we – if you look – actually, if you look at our store growth that we've laid out, that tells you how bullish we are and then if you look at, I think some of the other reports that have been out recently over the last couple of months on other types of retail that do not have store growth going the other way, so to speak, I think that would tell you that we believe the off-price is the big opportunity. And we just never – sometimes there's a concern, there's going to be a lack of goods as we continue to growing out all these stores. It just, as you know – I think I said it like 20 minutes ago. We actually have to hold the merchants back still. There's so much merchandise out there. We've never not had it be that way. It goes in waves, sometimes a little more than others. Yes, right now, it's a little bit more of that mode, but even when it cuts back a little, there's still more goods than we can take in. So, we're just bullish on this model. We can't speak to, really, nor can the team speak to really any other retail model as well as we can this one, but we're very comfortable and confident where the potential lies in TJX and growth here.
Ernie L. Herrman: Well, Paul (sic) [Steve], we aren't really providing today our long-term EPS model because there are just a few factors impacting our growth. The first one is clearly the foreign exchange issue has been in flux, by the way. Some day that could go the other way and actually benefit us. But right now, that's been in flux, as we just talked about. Secondly, there's a negative impact from our wage initiative, which Scott referred to. And it's bigger in FY 2017 that we're entering. We expect it, by the way, in FY 2018 to go back to 2016 levels, but it's still significant. And the other, again, unknown there or a bit in flux is that we could be further impacted if additional cities, states or countries increase their minimum wage. So, that, again, hits us there potentially, but we don't know by how much. And then, lastly, we have our investments to fuel our future growth. And these investments, by the way, as I said before, these are the right things to do. And two of the key components there are building our supply chain earlier, because we've had this high-class problem of growing faster than we planned on, and our systems investments. And having said all that, we are so confident at TJX in our long-term vision for growth. Yeah, we're not giving you that long-term model today, but our business is so fundamentally healthy. Our traffic gains in FY 2016 and our momentum entering into FY 2017 are so strong. We're just building. Talent for the future is another thing we're after, and we are making long term investments where we think they make sense. So, hopefully that helps you.
Ernie L. Herrman: Lorraine, it's funny. We talk about this quite a bit internally here. And so, we would say we expect it to moderate second quarter of next year. You're exactly accurate. Part of that was a mix component, if you remember. There were really two facets. One, buying, because of the nature of the environment right now, buying the same goods for less. But, then you have the other half of the component, which was really just we juggled some of the mixes, and the penetrations of certain mixes with lower ticket went up. So, it created a mix content issue. To your question, we would think that's going to happen. The only thing I would tell you is we have bought so little of that time period at this point because we're so opportunistic that we have so much open-to-buy for the second quarter that we could end up, yes, we could end up slightly down in ticket again. I doubt it would be to the degree that we have had it last year over the year before, but it could be down a few points. It's possible because we don't want to predict. One of the best parts of this business is when we have significant open-to-buy, we don't feel a need to have to call it today on where we could end up then. We want to go with the best values that are out there.
Ernie L. Herrman: We don't really talk about that. It's been kind of uneventful, I would say. And ticket has not been a component of that business. They are just doing so many other things that are driving the business clearly. And we're just happy with the business because of all the execution on the other fronts. If you walk in there, as you know, it's one of our – I would say our most impulsive mix store – it's difficult if you're a customer to walk in and not spend $200. I guess that's the way we like to describe it. Because there's so much exciting impulse merchandise there. So, it's really less of, like, a ticket issue there and more about the ever-changing – and I think you guys are aware, Lorraine, I'm sure you heard from us about how fast we turn HomeGoods, right? It is our fastest turning business. So, I think we're getting a customer there that not only is it impulsive to begin with, she could go back a week and a half later and it's different again. So, we're excited about it.
Ernie L. Herrman: Mike, we haven't. I have to tell you, I have seen no (58:23) major shift of recent. Yeah, I mean, right now, you see less relative to fourth quarter because that's the nature of the time period when you're transitioning into the new season. So, yes, there's less right now than there was before. However, if you ask me how does it compare this year to last year for department stores, I could not answer that. We try to kind of focus on what we're feeling here. What we feel in general is an environment of, again, a lot of availability of merchandise. And so, we don't know where that – some of it's department stores, some of it's specialty stores, some of it's other types of stores. So, that's really our only barometer. In terms of their promotional activity, again, not sure. We do see their ticket actually declining is our perception. We see – I would say not declining, but we see their ticket kind of staying into the zone than it's been to last year. Kind of very similar, like, we don't see any major shifts, I guess, in what they're carrying.
Ernie L. Herrman: And, Mike, I would like to reiterate, and I think we say this often, that we always plan conservatively. And as you know, our intention is always to beat these plans. So, we are clearly putting together what we believe is the right plan to put together. But we – our intention is to certainly surpass the plan.
Ernie L. Herrman: I think that was our last question. We look forward to having the opportunity to talk with you guys again after the first quarter. Thank you, all, for your time today.
Scott Goldenberg: Well, first, I'll just give you a bit of the breakdown there. The components of the 4%, Omar, that we're talking about next year are largely split between translational, which is just taking the current British pound and the Canadian dollar with what averages we actually incurred last year. The rest of that is just, again, the drop-off of the currency that we've seen in both the British pound and Canadian dollar. And unfortunately, or fortunately for us, most of our purchases have not been made, so they're going to be subject now to this lower Canadian dollar. If we had bought out, like other chains, you would probably have less of an impact. But with a big drop-off, you're still going to have a drop-off that at this point is a bit more than last year. I'll now turn it over to Ernie.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah, we – right. About half of our goods are bought, let's just say, between U.S. dollars and euro and then...
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. The biggest piece of the supply chain cost than last year and will be more in first half-oriented this year relate to the lower average retail at Marmaxx and the cost – moving more units through – moving through our networks. So, we would expect that piece of that to moderate substantially in the back half at the moment. The other piece, frankly, relates to – we did not plan, going back a few years ago, the 7% to 8% comps that we've experienced at HomeGoods, the double-digit comp increase that we've had at Canada, thereby necessitating really more of a timing moving forward some of the needs for our supply chain infrastructure. And even a little bit of that at Marmaxx, given the lower average retail. So, this is more of a timing over the next year or two years, where we continue to have those incremental costs and we would see that moderate over time.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. I'll just for – won't give much more color on the investment. But our capital budget increase over last year is pretty similar when you talk about the new stores, renovations, as Ernie talked about earlier. And the biggest incremental piece of our increase over last year, frankly, relates to timing of some spend between fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017. And then, as we talked about, just the cost related to the new distribution centers. Moving to the SG&A, the comp breakeven is closer to – is a solid 3%. It used to be a bit lower, but more having to do with the – by the way, this is going back several years, with the significant opportunities that were at that point in terms of cost efficiencies and merchandise – lower-lying fruit on merchandise inventories as we were bringing down substantially our inventories. The past – last year, and I would say still, certainly, with the wage piece and a little bit with the average ticket, the incremental costs obviously are weighing on you because of the wage increases and what the average retail do are mitigating a bit of what that would be on your flow-through. So, a solid 3%, excluding what would be the – I would just say the wage increase.
Scott Goldenberg: So, Paul, I'm not going to give a lot of color, But clearly, in the fourth quarter and the early part of this year, the Trade Secret acquisition will be a large portion of the decrease in the TJX International and a relatively – an impact but a relatively small impact over the course of the year for TJX in total.
Scott Goldenberg: Well, the primary difference – or one of the biggest difference is the wage versus last year. But also, we don't have as high a level of merchandise margin increase also compared to last year. So, we – as we talked about, we still have a merchandise margin that's planned up excluding the currency. So – but we do – it's not planned at the levels that – higher levels that we had on the plan last year.
