Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. And joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman; and Scott Goldenberg. So before we talk about the third quarter, I want to say that on behalf of TJX, our hearts go out to everyone who is affected by Hurricane Sandy. The combination of our own donations and the fundraising effort we held in the U.S. stores this past weekend should come to about $1.5 million going to the Red Cross Discovery -- Disaster Recovery Funds for the natural disaster. So turning to our results. I'm extremely pleased with our third quarter performance. Our strong momentum continued and once again, we demonstrated our ability to post strong comps and profit margin gains on top of challenging year-over-year comparisons. Comps increased 7%, significantly exceeding plan, over 3% increase last year. Earnings per share increased 17%, also above plan, and on top of 3 consecutive years of double-digit EPS growth in the third quarter. Importantly, our momentum continued to be broad-based with all of our businesses delivering excellent results. Customer traffic continued to drive the comp increases at all of our divisions. We believe this speaks to the staying power of our value proposition, great fashions, great brands and, of course, extreme values. What I want to emphasize on this call is that as excited as we are about our business for the holiday season and fourth quarter, we are more excited about the long-term. In fact, as CEO of this company, I have never been more excited about the future of TJX. I believe our long-term opportunities are quite astounding. And before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our third quarter consolidated results.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So, Kimberly, I think what Ernie and I see is so much potential in our current countries today. So we've learned how to enter new countries. So we're getting better and better at that. We know how we will position ourselves when we do go to the next country. But more importantly, we don't know where the end game is in our current European businesses, and we really have to understand that before we leap into the next country because we want to leverage all of that. And very similar to Marmaxx, we seem to keep upping our store count. We don't know when the end game is. So over time, we'll understand that better. But we're just extremely pleased with the business.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I think Ernie's concerned because he's trying to keep his guys home. So you may want to comment on that. I am certainly not worried about our inventory levels being too lean.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Scott has those numbers, but it's pretty staggering, the changes in our inventory. And I'm glad that you noticed that we have a lot of inventories in our store because I agree with you, I think we can lean them up a bit more.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, one other comment I just want to make, Jennifer, in terms of the inventory, is that our biggest investment is still in IT and on supply chain. And this is where we're investing for the future. So we believe that we still have a long way to go, and we can be a lot better at executing. So again, it's a tremendous opportunity for us. But that's where our money is being invested.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think it's really across the board. And I think we are just so strong on educating the consumer in terms of the value and the brand. And really, just again, coming back to educating the consumer to what off-price is all about. So we're seeing an increase in all segments. As you all know, we've been going after the younger customer, which really bodes well for our future. And a big chunk of our new customers are younger customers. And we're pursuing this very aggressively. So that's really where the gain is coming from. But it's really across the board. It's not in any specific -- coming from any specific store or competitor.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, no, I mean, we really haven't reaped the benefits of almost everything we're working on yet, and we see that in the future. But we're still all about flexibility, and we're all about off-price and we're all about the brands, and we'll continue to be that in the future. It will just help us really drive sales per store up. And it doesn't mean that we're changing our concept at all. It's just that we can really take advantage of each store and what's going on in each store. So we haven't really touched the benefits of it yet. The next few years are going to be they are investing. As we said, this year was a big year, and we started to flatten out in the future. But that's where our dollars are going.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I hope our better store mix is just because we're being better as a company. And it's easier to upgrade our mix and to be better at who we are.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I, really, I can't compare what's going on in individual department stores and their statistics. I can only tell you that every year, we're increasing additional traffic coming to our stores. So even though that 75% number each year just gets a little bit stronger, and of that percent increase, we have higher percent of younger customers. So as our average age is, we are growing. Our average age is becoming a little bit lower. And that tells us that we're getting a much younger demographic.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And Michael, like everything else, we are learning how to connect with that consumer. And as we get more information, and it's the same thing as we learn from our mistakes. We're really learning how to connect with that younger customer. And I'm hoping that only improves over time. So we have some very interesting things for holiday up our sleeves to take it even further, so it's pretty exciting.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're learning a lot. We're learning a lot. We're learning about categories. We're learning about how the customer responds. We're learning about value. We're learning about how far we can take that. I can go on and on, but as everything else in this company, we leverage each other, and we learn. And that's why we put that in place. It's small, but we're learning, and it's going to really help us in the long-term.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I would hope it's sales. I mean, it's always we're being conservative, hopefully. We're going out with a 0 to 2 for the quarter, and a 0 to 2 for December. Our trend has obviously been stronger than that, and we're pretty excited about our mix. We think as every year, we get better and better at it, so we are hoping that there's certainly upside on the sale, but we will see.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So understand, this is remodel, number one; secondly, we have -- next year, obviously, we plan it in our model, it's in our model. But we constantly see things that we can improve. And our goal is to just keep driving those sales up in each individual store.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We don't -- Richard, we don't give those numbers out. But it's, again, it's in the model. And it's in our capital expense and our expense.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I think all the categories you just talked about are in our stores. So the idea, obviously, is we have the most flexible floor in the world and any category that's hot, we're going to go after. So if you look in our stores today, and we don't talk about it, again, we have many new ideas, new initiative, and we're open to any category. As you all know, we can take a whole department off the floor 1 day and put something else on it. That's what's so wonderful about our business. So, hopefully, we're ahead of it all. And I think we are.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I think we target anywhere between 4% and 5% square footage growth and, hopefully, TJX will keep growing way beyond when I'm in the 80s and 90s. But I think our business is all about finding new ways to continue to grow at a really good steady pace and make sure that we're bringing those dollars to the bottom line. So there really isn't a tremendous need for us to start to go 6%, 7%, 8%. We'll talk in the future more about e-commerce and what that means, but we just see that how do we continue 10, 15 years from now to grow this business at the same kind of level. And that's what we're excited about.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Not really. I mean, we sit with some -- the Rack, and kind of love them as a partner. Most of them -- we sit next to all our competitors, be it Ross, Burlington. So we like it. It's a mecca, it brings people there. It's not a negative to us in any way.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, that's our investment. When we talk about talent and we talk about systems and IT, systems and logistics, that's where all our investment is going. So we've worked very hard the last many years to increase our talent pool and our bench strength, and that is where our dollars are going. So we're, hopefully, ahead of it and setting ourselves up for the future. That's why we think long-term, we are -- it's an interesting business because obviously, we're worried about tomorrow. We run and gun every day. We have all that flexibility, but we also want to look many years out and say what can we be, and are we setting ourselves up for that. So we do a lot of short-term, medium- and long-term planning.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I want -- we want to give extreme value. So I'll never sit there -- our average price point today and our average ticket is pretty flat. And we love that because what we think we have done is upgraded our mix, but given the customer even better value. So Dana, my goal wouldn't be to go and increase our ticket. My goal would be to increase the mix and making a better mix and still give the customer absolutely incredible value. In terms of leveraging costs, we want to drive sales, so our goal is not to pull out the cost of servicing our customers in the stores. You want to service your customers and you want to keep doing a better job. But with that, where we want to invest is to drive sales even harder. So we're leveraged by driving sales a lot harder. We still have our cost initiatives in place, we're still going after a certain goal, and we'll talk about it at the end of the year, as we always do, and there are still places where we feel that we can cut a bit. But it's not going to be at the expense of the customer for our in-store service.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, no, we haven't really had any increases in the costs in terms of the logistics piece of it. We -- what can I say? When things are disruptive, it usually does benefit TJX. I don't really want to go into detail there, but we will say, I just -- there is a -- from a vendor perspective and from certain areas of the country, it has been more difficult for people to move goods around, so that usually yields opportunity for us, but we'll see.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think every year, we hear -- every year, things get more promotional. Every year, you hear things get more promotional. And I'm going to come back to we will maintain our gap between whatever the prices are out there to give extreme value to the customer. And that's what's wonderful about our business. It's always that the gap between where everyone else is and where we are. And Ernie and his team are being very methodical, again, as he expressed, there's so much, so many goods and brands out there that we're excited about that our job is really to do it right, and keep our guys home a bit and buy it right and give the customer outrageous value. So we don't get ourselves caught up in worrying about what's promotional out there. We worry about giving our customer the best value we can.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I mean we're -- again, we were able to buy a week before Christmas and get it in. And that's what's so wonderful about it. We want our guys out there, 7 days before Christmas, go shop.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Marni, we don't talk about our individual categories and initiatives. That's our secret sauce, so to speak.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're very happy. We got a few things up our sleeves so. Our marketing were up slightly on the cost and our impressions are up. They're up about 10% in Marmaxx.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So I hope everybody -- we went on TV yesterday, I think everyone's going to be blown away when they see our TV ads, our campaign, because we are really excited about it. We think it's quite breakthrough.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We'll talk about that at the year-end call when we talk about next year. But every year, you know what our model is, it's the 10% to 13% growth, and we certainly strive to beat that. And the guys have a lot of things in place, and we're certainly working on next year. And we're pretty excited about it. More to come.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Again, I think in the past, we've talked about peak margins in Marmaxx quite a few times, and we kept beating it. I think in the last 3 years, we've increased their segment profit of 400 basis points. So we don't know the end game in Europe. And Ernie was just over there, I was just over there. I think the 2 of us get a little giddy at the possibilities and the opportunities. So I don't know what the end game is. I just know that we see a lot, and we're very excited about it. So we'll use the work peak today, hopefully, next year, we'll use a new peak.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Now to recap our third quarter results. Net sales reached $6.4 billion, an 11% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales were up a very strong 7%, well exceeding our expectations and achieved over a 3% increase last year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.62, a 17% increase over last year's $0.53 and above our plan. These results were achieved on top of EPS growth rates in the last 3 years of 15%, 12% and 41% in the third quarter. Foreign currency exchange rates had a neutral impact on EPS compared to a $.01 positive impact last year. In our press release today, we called out the impact of certain third quarter items on third quarter EPS and pretax margins. As we've discussed on prior sales calls, we recorded a noncash charge for pension accruals for prior periods. In addition, we recorded an adjustment to our reserve for former operations related to closed stores. Neither of these items affected our core business nor were anticipated in our original guidance. Combined, these 2 items reduced third quarter EPS by $0.03 and consolidated pretax margins by 60 basis points. The consolidated pretax margin was 11.7% for the quarter, a 20 basis points increase over last year and up 40 basis points excluding the impact of FX. So between the negative impacts of FX and the 60 basis points from the third quarter items I just mentioned, the underlying improvement was significantly higher than the numbers imply. Gross profit margin increased by 70 basis points over last year, entirely driven by merchandise margin improvement, which was partially offset by the negative impact of mark-to-market adjustments on our inventory-related hedges. SG&A expense increased by 50 basis points, primarily due to a combination of factors which, together, had a 110 basis points unfavorable impact. First, the third quarter items I just mentioned; second, our increased incentive compensation accruals arising from our above-plan results; and third, investments to support our growth, including talent and infrastructure. As to inventories, at the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 14% versus a 14% increase last year. We are extremely happy with our inventory levels and enter the fourth quarter in an excellent position to continue shipping fresh merchandise selections to our stores throughout the holiday season. In terms of share repurchases during the third quarter, we retired 8.9 million shares, buying back $400 million worth of TJX stock. Year-to-date, we have retired 22.5 million shares, buying back $950 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back a total of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion of TJX stock this year. Even after reinvesting in our business and returning excess cash to shareholders through our dividend and buyback program, we still expect the end -- to end of the year with $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in cash, which is more than our most recent guidance. Now let me turn the call back to Carol. I will provide details of our fourth quarter guidance and recap our full year guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now to fiscal '13 guidance, beginning with the full year. We are raising -- we are further raising our guidance for the full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.48, which would represent a 23% to 25% increase over the adjusted $1.99 last year. As a reminder, we have previously raised our full year EPS guidance when we announced October sales a couple of weeks ago. Let me recap the key changes versus the guidance we provided on the second quarter earnings call in August. We now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 5% to 6% for the full year compared to our prior guidance of 4% to 5% growth. We also expect pretax margins of 11.6% to 11.7%, which is 90 to 100 basis points higher than last year's adjusted margin of 10.7%. Now a few reminders about our full year guidance. We have a 53rd week in the fiscal '13 calendar, which we expect will benefit the full year and fourth quarter by approximately $0.07 per share. On a 52-week basis, excluding the $0.07 benefit, adjusted full year EPS guidance would be $2.38 to $2.41, up 20% to 21% over the adjusted $1.09 -- $1.99 in fiscal '12. Our plan assumes a $0.02 per share negative impact from the higher tax rate of 38.4%. Our full year outlook continues to assume fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.72 to $0.75, up 16% to 21% over $0.62 last year. Again, this range includes an estimated $0.07 benefit from the 53rd week in the fiscal '13 calendar. On the 13-week basis for the fourth quarter excluding the $0.07 benefit, adjusted fourth quarter EPS guidance would be $0.65 to $0.68, up 5% to 10% over $0.62 in fiscal '12. To reiterate what Carol stated, as always, we will strive to exceed our goals. Please note that the numbers I'm about to discuss all include the positive impact of the 53rd week in our fiscal '13 calendar this year, which for modeling purposes, represents about 50 basis points in the fourth quarter. Now to further details on the fourth quarter. We're assuming fourth quarter sales in the $7.4 billion to $7.5 billion range. This is based on estimated comp sales growth of flat to up 2% on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. Before I give you our monthly comp guidance, let me update you on the impact of Hurricane Sandy. At the height of the storm, we had several hundred stores closed, but now fewer than 10 stores are closed, and we expect less than a handful could be closed for an extended period of time. In regions that weren't impacted by the storm, sales trends have been continuing to comp up mid-single digits. Further, as life became more normalized for people in the impacted areas, our sales returned to our recent solid trends. Our comp guidance for November refracts these factors and the unusually warm weather on the West Coast in the beginning of the month, which has now eased. So for November, we're expecting comps to increase 1% to 2% on a consolidated basis and to be flat to up 1% at the Marmaxx Group. In both December and January, on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group, we expect comps to be flat to up 2% over high single-digit comps last year. Pretax margins for the fourth quarter are planned in the 11.6% to 11.9% range, up 30 to 60 basis points over the prior year. We're anticipating fourth quarter gross margins -- profit margins to be in the range of 27.5% to 27.7%, up 30 to 50 basis points versus the prior year. In terms of SG&A as a percent of sales, for the fourth quarter, we are anticipating a rate of 15.7% to 15.8%, flat to 10 basis points better than last year. Foreign exchange rates assuming current levels are expected to have a neutral impact on EPS in the fourth quarter, the same as last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.4% in the fourth quarter, up 110 basis points versus last year and a $0.01 negative impact to EPS. Net interest expense is estimated to be approximately $7 million, and we anticipated a weighted average share count of approximately 740 million. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we're happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And we will now open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: So first, Jennifer, to answer your question on the store turns, if you go back a few years at the TJX level, we were turning at the 9x a year. And we've been, at the end of last year, we are at fiscal -- for our fiscal '12, we are between 10 and 11. And right now, we're trending with our current inventory projections to be approximately 12. So and that improvement has really come cross by all the divisions increasing proportionately as we've increased those turns in the last 3 to 4 years. Now to your question on the division full year guidance, so before I review that, I just want to point again all the numbers I'm giving out are on a 53-week basis. So now let me start with Marmaxx, comps for the full year are 5% to 6%, with a pretax margins of 14.4. Again, an 80 basis points improvement over last year; HomeGoods, 6 to 7 comps, pretax margins, 11.9 to 12.0, 130 to 140 basis points better than last year; TJX Canada, 13.6 to 13.7 x FX, or an 80 to 90 basis points improvement x FX -- I'm sorry, the comp, 4% for Canada; TJX Europe, 8 to 9 comp, 6.0 to 6.2 x FX, on again, 53-week basis, 360 to 380 basis points better x FX. And just to repeat what we gave out earlier, 5 to 6 comp for TJX, 90 to 100 points better on a 11.6 to 11.7 x FX.
Scott Goldenberg: And again, the last piece that you talked about, why we didn't leverage more in the occupancy -- in the gross profit margin due to occupancy. Again, a common theme here for last quarter, this quarter, are above plan results as we have higher incentive accruals that are offsetting some of the gains that we would have seen -- normally seen there.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, that's correct, Carol. And almost 70%, as we -- the last few years, big emphasis on Marmaxx and now we're, this year or in the last year, we focused again on Canada as well, and almost 70% of the Canadian stores will be remodeled to the new prototype. And again, that's on top with what Carol said, the 339 we expect to do this year's on top of almost 400 in the 2 previous years.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, we have -- we're certainly staying on top of it. And as Carol said it, we don't think it's a material amount, and we'll certainly address it more in the February conference call.
Ernie L. Herrman: In fact, I've recently done a temperature check, and if anything, we're -- like Carol said, there's so many goods in the market, we are just really trying to hold ourselves back from buying too much too soon. So and that's from a recent -- going out, I try to stay in touch with what the buyers and merchandise managers are feeling, and that's pretty much what we're experiencing right now.
Ernie L. Herrman: Brian, I will just jump in. We've also talked before about how we trade fairly broadly. So what Carol is saying, we don't -- I don't think we get market share from just 1 or 2 retail specifically because we are not trying to go to a specific sector of the market with our business. So, again, we do, I think, get from many different marketplaces.
Ernie L. Herrman: I think it's the function of -- the merchandise is a big part of it. You can sometimes easily just think it's the advertising. I think it's multiple fronts. The advertising got a piece of it. I think the way we've -- in the advertising, try to make use of social media, certainly, that is going to appeal to younger customers. If you look at actually what we've physically done in some of the stores, we've talked about the different things in the stores, The CUBE, clearly, that would appeal to a younger customer. And then just from the -- which I wouldn't give specifics on, but some of the nature, some of the categories we've gone after also really lines up with the younger audience. So I think from all those different perspectives, we've been able to capture a younger, new customer, specifically.
Ernie L. Herrman: I will just say that we were seeing the availability probably building a little even before the hurricane. So it gets -- so what happens is, you don't necessarily know is now there's even more today. I don't know how much of that is hurricane or just the trend from seeing more availability before the hurricane. So just a lot of goods out there.
Ernie L. Herrman: I'll tell you, Howard, one thing, we've talked about with this earlier on the call with the fast turns, and Carol was talking about how we watch the environment on that. The fast turns and the closer in buying we're doing allows us even better to handle any type of promotional environment changes. So again, it goes back to the model is so flexible, and we're even a little bit more flexible in closing than we've been in the past. So that really helps us with any type of change in the promotional activity around us to ensure that we're always given the out-the-door values that we should be.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. So Marni, basically, what it is, is our TV impressions are up by, as Carol said, pretty significantly. Overall, our impressions are up only a little bit, but we're strategically going where we think the money is going to give us a better payback on the messaging that we're trying to get out there. You have also asked about the spend, yes, in the fourth quarter, our spend is up. We won't give the exact number, but it's up a decent amount, I would say, for the fourth quarter.
