Ernie Herrman: Kimberly, it’s Ernie. I’ll jump in here for Scott. Really, this boils down to -- and by the way, this is certainly always a difficult thing to do for a number of reasons, but it boils down to positioning us for the future in terms of the IT area. And for our growth plans, we really don’t give out the specifics of what the benefit’s going to be. But, it is something, as Scott had said that we had in our plans contemplated already and felt it was necessary to take us into the next few years of the growth rates that we plan on achieving.
Ernie Herrman: Kimberly, so first of all, I know you go way back with us for years and years. So, I actually appreciate you asking this question because you’ve seen the ups and downs in terms of what the market talks about on that front. And there has been times in the years past, although I can’t remember in the recent years, certainly not for the last five or six. Right now, there is an unusual degree of supply across all, I would call it, tiers of vendors and goods quality and brand level. So we are talking probably in general more better brands. And we hear by the way -- we get asked all the time, we hear all the dialogue that’s happening in the industry about vendors and manufacturers cutting back. It’s just nothing in our pipeline or with regard to our buyers, what they are experiencing reflects any of that dialogue. It’s been the complete opposite. And my team has never had it more challenging I would say to be selective on how much we buy how quickly. It’s been that plentiful out there, I would say. And the interesting thing is usually it varies more by -- well, it always varies by category, the degrees to the availability. But right now, it seems to be in most every category across most every tier or brand. So it’s a little puzzling to the degree. And then I here quote, I am glad you brought the question because we have the same question. So what you are hearing out there is exactly what we hear being at, it’s just not based on what we are experiencing in any way.
Ernie Herrman: So, we’re trying to follow it closely. So, when it comes to retails, first of all, just so you know how we would operate and you’ve know us for a while as well. We would follow the leader, so to speak and we would adjust to make sure our out the door retail gives the appropriate savings relative to the out the door retail of other retail. So, your question of course is, will they start to increase their prices, and then by definition, could we go up. The only thing is right now, it’s a little -- there is not enough specifics out of the box on the news as to how much the other retails are affected. We might -- our model of business with the way we are shipping our frequency of delivery is perhaps our freight impact might be slightly, not meaningful but slightly increased versus some of the other retailers. So, we’re right now and when we’ve been monitoring it, a little on clear as to -- based on certain other retailers how big it is. Although it is being called out in fair amount of the releases. We just are trying to get a handle on it. And certainly nothing would happen right away. My long-winded answer is it could happen, to your point, if it continued to go that way. I don’t know, also, given all of the dynamics, Scott talked about if that continues to get actually worse in that situation that freight could up even more, I think that does lead to something you were just hinting at where retails do get moved up a notch. So, we’ll way to see. But, we are very sensitive to what you just asked about. So, a very good question.
Ernie Herrman: And Oliver, I will just jump in with something else there, as Scott mentioned it at the beginning, as far as the mix of departments and the way that has brought some back. So, just like in the beginning where we -- this was not a top down strategy and it was really down at merchandise managerial level, category level driving it and you mentioned categories in your question. So what’s happening and Scott was just trying to give a little more color here, some of the categories that are trending now are helping us with the -- it’s going the other way. And again, bottom up, not anything we are generating. I guess, I want you to understand the same way it got -- the ticket was driven down from not a top down approach. It’s also coming back also from that level from a merchandise managers and the buyer level and the GMM. So, it’s a good -- it’s a nice thing to see because generally when you see that happening just like it took us longer than we thought, it would moderate, it usually goes on to this cycle. So, hopefully, we will keep seeing the trend in those categories continuing, keep helping our ticket. On the retail market question, I think, I would tell you, when you asked about is that something down the road we would find appealing, or do we think there is likes to that or expandability to that if it goes more main stream I think you were asking. We actually do believe it’s interesting. It’s not at the level now where it’s big enough to be something that we would probably entertain that strongly. However, we look at everything and we are intrigued, A, by the sites we see it on. We are intrigued by the business that’s not dissimilar to what we do. There is real value and it’s probably branded. I like that retail market carries a lot of great designer, branded product which really is up a rally in terms of content and fashion and certainly the price that they are selling it at. So, obviously, we won’t commit anything on this conference call. We will just say it’s very intrigue. Good question.
Ernie Herrman: So, I mean, we have expanded our home area processing DCs. I think that’s part of where you’re getting, in terms of the new processes that we’re taking a look at to put that we can externally talk about that. But, we’re looking at always ways to increase our efficiency out of the DCs in the home area specifically. Because as you mentioned it is one of our least efficient categories for processing. However, obviously an enormous sales opportunity as we move forward. So, I don’t know, I guess Scott, do you have… 
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I will jump in Lorraine also in terms of the topline and the sales. It was a bit of a double-edged sword. As we came out of January, we ended up fourth quarter with the flow disruption that we had talked about a while ago. And as Scott said that impacted our markdowns in January and February and of course our sales as well. But to highlight a little bit more, our transactions for the quarter actually accelerated during the first quarter, as we moved through. So, from February to March to April, they got better each month. So, again, we were unfortunately kind of prepared based on the flow situation that we would start out of the gate a little slow, but we were encouraged at the end of the quarter. One other dynamic I’d like you to be aware of just going forward there, and it’s something -- it’s easy to forget, we were opportunistic in our real estate over the last couple of years. And so, just like anything we do -- and this is one reason our store count and new store openings at HomeGoods we had accelerated because we found very advantageous real estate deals in numerous pockets throughout the country. So, ironically, the last 15 months, we had opened -- prior to that quarter, we had opened 115 HomeGoods stores on a relatively small base. So that was, as you can imagine, with about a 20% growth of new stores, we were probably experiencing a tick more transfer sales coming out of our comp. And that is something that Scott and I have looked at actually going forward over the next couple of quarters. Anyway that probably ticks up a little bit further because again we have a lot more new store growth. So, if you guys take a look at our top-line growth in HomeGoods this year versus last year, it’s even greater because of so many of the new stores. So, the comp for the reasons we talked about was a little under where we would normally like it, but our top-line is in a good place, I guess, so to speak. So, just like you to keep that in mind as we look at a little bit more cannibalization over the next couple of quarters. Still the right thing to do that though. We are very happy, very happy with where positioned in HomeGoods. And throughout that we have all these stores because couple of years down the line, it will bode us very good income on these stores. So, great question, Lorraine.
Ernie Herrman: And then, on Homesense, we look at this constantly. Their top -- their sales continued to outperform at the Homesense stores. And our nearby -- we are pleasantly surprise with the nearby HomeGoods stores are experiencing less transfer than planned. So, we are right now winning on both fronts. And really, the driver of that is -- and I think you were asking about certain categories et cetera. Well, the categories have been so differentiated that -- which is why even initially we pulled out soft home from Homesense to even accelerate the differentiation, which stores are so differentiated that’s why we think the cannibalization from nearby HomeGoods has been reduced beyond the plan. But we’re just so pleased with the Homesense top-line performance relative to the pro formas on the each new store. It’s just been better than we expected.
Ernie Herrman: Hey, Adrienne. So, addressing your first question, I don’t know if you caught in the script, the prewritten script that A, the online players and that would apply to the vertical as well as non, it creates an umbrella of value for us in terms of compare at value. So, that’s been a side benefit of the online business. But secondly, the availability from whether they are vertical or not vertical, we’ve been able to buy goods from both of those markets and type of situations. And prediction is that will continue to grow actually. So, if you look at, we all believe that the online vertical retailers and omnichannel, et cetera are all going to continue to expand over the next few years. I can’t see any reason why availability of merchandise -- because those businesses by the way are harder to predict and harder for those merchants, as you know, to flow the appropriate amount, quantity of goods up from what they’re going to sell on the sites. So, I think it’s a harder challenge for them. And what we’ve seen is they enjoy the benefit of knowing they can come to us and those goods, which are visible online, will get very dispersed into a treasure hunt format with other strong brands, which also we mentioned in the script in the terms of they’re really appreciating the fact that they hang with other strong brands in a T.J. Maxx and a Marshalls. So, we see this as not only is it something, yes, we’re already doing, but we see it as a growing opportunity.
Ernie Herrman: Matthew, good question. Yes. On the Marmaxx, execution issues are in the rearview mirror. We put guardrail -- we traditionally have the guardrails in. And what happens is this isn’t -- how do I put this? It isn’t a totally structured, rigid business that we’re in. Right? It’s a little gray. So, if you remember, the Marmaxx issues were more fashion-oriented issues. And when you have fashion-oriented issues, it’s dealing with a bit of a subjective taste and balance to the look of the goods that you’re buying and to what degree you have that amount of goods. And so, certainly -- the likelihood of it happening is less. And it’s impossible to put up firm guardrails. Does that make sense, Matthew? But the good news is, in our model of business, as you could see, we were very able to quickly, as we have over all the years, quickly identify and fix and really minimize the impact of any of those missed execution issues. So that -- I’m just being conservative on my answer because I would tell you, yes, we put guardrails, we spent a lot of time re-strategizing those areas and put things in place that would help to minimize the likelihood. It’s just -- I know from past experience something can always happen, especially if it involves a qualitative aspect or a bit of an art form part of the business, then it is a little tougher. But, we do pride ourselves on our past on our ability to quickly fix and recover from any type of execution issue that we have. And that I think, we’ve had years of proof in the pudding. Great question.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. We can’t give specifics on category. I would tell you that as you could see from in the store, yes, we’ve taken a pretty good position in it. But, we don’t -- we can’t give you future -- we don’t like to give out future department strategy in terms of what we’re thinking if expanding or not, until it’s a little bit more in the rearview mirror, so to speak. And we cannot give out some of the secret sauce, so.
Ernie Herrman: At this point, I would really like to thank all of you for joining us today. And I look forward to updating you on our second quarter earnings call in August. Thank you, everybody.
Scott Goldenberg: So, let me just take you through, I think Ernie will comment a little bit about how that -- about the retails and that. I think, we had built in just a -- may be give you a little more color on some of the rising freight costs but obviously we have built increase into our year. At this point obviously it was not as much as we had anticipated. The largest impact to this is due to the strengthening of the government regulation that allows -- that monitors drivers, the kind of wheel. As a result of that we are seeing higher rate increases that more than we had anticipated, we had say mid single-digit increases and they are several points higher than we had anticipated. And it’s obviously impacting our cost related to how we do our logistics network. We’re also seeing higher fuel surcharges, as rates have gone up significantly over the last couple of weeks on fuel, and to a lesser extent higher volumes as both -- they really more relate to the rest of the year as we build in some additional sales into our forecast into the last nine months, primarily at Marmaxx. Finally, just to be clear, spot rates where you may have read our -- which are considerably higher is not a major us to for the vast majority of what we do or through contracted rates for our shipping. So, just to give you a little more color on the cost there.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. In terms of strategies, we do not go into the exact details of what we are doing, other than some of this I’ll just go, Ernie said a bit, is that we’re seeing more -- a better mix, more best brands. So, that’s certainly a piece of it. The other piece indirectly is as you get a healthy mix of -- as both your parallel does well, that certainly helps, but I am not going to go into the specific categories that may have helped within that. I would say that one of the changes also for the second quarter is we have the retail plan flat at this point, I am talking at Marmaxx. So that is slightly better than we had anticipated with the back half retails planned slightly flat to slightly up. So again, we see less pressure there obviously for the first time in years and that we have -- so for the last couple of years, you’ve heard us talk about retail decreases at Marmaxx. So, this is a big change.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think, the only thing I would say is that I think it goes back to one of the things where we said earlier in our prepared remarks that it’s a key differentiator as we do 30% plus of our business in home. And we think we are pretty efficient in the way we handle that bulky, difficult items to ship and I think that’s something that we do very well. And certainly with the growth of HomeGoods, we’ve been adding supply chain capacity to do that. And I think we do it very efficiently. Just to Ernie’s point of view, it’s obviously a slightly more expensive model to do. But, I think again, I think the big key differentiator is that we’re able to get all these items and do it in these -- with thousands of different of skews and do it very efficiently, compared to I think others that probably don’t do the same level of volume and have been doing it for a long.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I’ll just take it and Ernie will jump in. I think, as it relates to the merchandise margin, what -- we called that at end of -- on our year-end call that we did expect some markdown pressure in the first quarter, primarily due to some of the what we call the flow issues that we had as we move through the end of the year. I think, it lasted a bit longer than we would have anticipated and it clearly had an impact, both on our markdowns and our sales at the beginning of the quarter. But, I think as we indicated, the sales trends picked up to what we were seeing for the majority of last year. So, again, as we move through the quarter, the clearance and everything else was, as we move to middle of the quarter March and April was back to normal letters -- normal levels with a normal level of fresh flow. So, we would expect our -- at least the markdown component of that to be pretty normalize as we move through the rest of the year.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I will just -- again, I think it’s just reiterating what Ernie said. It’s a bit more cannibalization. But, I don’t think -- there’s not a large difference. I mean, it would be a difference in a store that got cannibalized versus a non-impacted store but overall versus the prior year, it’s a bit more. So, I don’t think there’s any -- I think, the point Ernie was trying to make in terms of when you have so many stores that are opening, what we still have not seen is pretty consistent among all the divisions is once you start getting into the first, second, third year of your comp -- of the age of the stores, those stores comp more. So, we should in the future, starting next year, start seeing a benefit to that as we will have couple of hundred stores that will be two years or less that are now just entering the -- as they start to enter the comp status. In terms of -- the one other thing I’d mention going back to the last call with question with Lorraine is, although most of the -- in terms of the merchandise margin, basically, all of the shortfall is due to markdowns. And I think this is across many of our divisions we are seeing strong mark-on. And the mark-on essentially offset most of our freight pressure, at least at HomeGoods for the last quarter. So just wanted to get that out.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. In terms of the e-commerce -- I’ll let Ernie talk a little bit about the strategy going forward. In terms of what we’re seeing, certainly at tjmaxx.com and our tkmaxx.com business, we’ve seen very strong increases in the first quarter. We also like a lot of the metrics around what we’re seeing, the awareness of both those sites is up; the customer satisfaction scores are up. In the UK, particularly pleased with the percent that we’ve grown in the business. Our sales in terms of a percentage of the business in the UK is up almost 200 basis points in the quarter versus the prior year, so some pretty significant growth; have a few advantages there that we do click and collect in virtually all our stores in the UK and about 40% of the online business is done through click and collect. So, a nice advantage that we have there. So, real pleased with the results. In terms of growing it, I think we’re growing it -- I think we’re going -- hope to see similar rates of growth. It’s still a small part of the business, but certainly we like what we’re seeing in terms of the incremental visits we’re getting. We believe that -- and due to the nature, we also get returns back to the store. I think, we view it as certainly adding positive business to TJX overall.
Scott Goldenberg: Nothing really new to add there. We will -- we’re not going to really talk about what we could be doing at this point. But, I think what we said on the earlier -- when we said on the year-end call that our plan at the moment is to continue to tick up the EPS growth and no real change to that. Obviously, that implies both a healthy merchandise margin and very strong expense control.
