Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. And joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. So let me begin by saying that once again, it is great to see our strong performance continue over such strong year-over-year comparisons. Earnings per share increased 18%, which is well above our plan and achieved over last year a 24% increase and several years of double-digit second quarter EPS growth. Consolidated comps were up 4%, also above our expectations, and over a reported 7% increase last year. With above-plan performance in the first half of the year and the third quarter off to a solid start, we enter the back half in an excellent position. Further, we see many growth opportunities for TJX with market share growth potential, our brick-and-mortar businesses, e-commerce, supply chain and more. We remain confident we will achieve our plans for 2013 and beyond. And as always, our management team is passionate about surpassing our goal. We operate a highly flexible, differentiated business model with tremendous advantages. And we are convinced we will grow TJX to be a $40-billion company and beyond. But before I dive into why we're so confident, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap the numbers
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, Jennifer, we're really focusing more on how much freshness we can bring to the stores. So we have a variance in certain chains, some chains we can take the inventory a little bit lower. Others, we want to just actually ship more often. So it's really about driving sales versus getting the inventories lower and lower. And that's what we're putting into the systems going forward. It's really about driving sales.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Oh, it's absolutely the top line. I mean, we're driving sales. And if you drive sales, you leverage it, you can see by Marmaxx's margins.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So, Kim, that was 3 questions, okay. I don't like to talk about weather. Periodically, we will, we do. And yes, we had some weather -- extreme conditions in Canada and certainly in Europe and even the United States. But having said that, what I'm really pleased about is that both our apparel and our home businesses were very strong across the board. So we are very, very encouraged by that. The broader environment, I can say it a million times, we perform whether it's a good environment or a bad environment. If you take Germany versus the U.K, which have completely different scenarios in terms of the strength of the consumer, both are doing extremely well. We don't say to our customers, why are you going to T.J. Maxx or Marshalls versus someone else? I just -- we focus on our job and executing and just -- Ernie is pounding away, constantly at raising the bar, getting great brands and he and his team are doing an amazing job.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I mean, it's really from both, but our markdown rates are definitely going down as we're turning our inventory faster. So predominantly there. Again, Ernie's team is just focused on giving extreme value.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, both businesses are very strong in the home area and there's enormous differentiation between HomeGoods, Maxx and Marshalls. So the way we operate is all 3 divisions leverage each other but differentiate. So that's what makes it so wonderful is the no walls and the idea that we're leveraging. So obviously, the team is going after the home business as it's strong, but I have to keep coming back to our other businesses are very strong; our apparel businesses, our accessories businesses. So we have an opportunity to go after all of it and I think that's so wonderful about it. In terms of systems and the supply chain, we don't give a number. I mean, really, our goal is to keep improving our in-store experience and to keep shipping fresher goods so that we can elevate the volume of each store. I have no idea what the end game is. This new system in the future will also allow us to differentiate even more store by store. So hopefully, you can even put stores closer to each other. So it remains to be seen what that all looks like. So we've changed the end game on Marmaxx, I don't know, several times. And I don't know what the end game is, I'm hoping it's pretty big but we will see.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we are going to -- we are eking it up, there's no doubt that we put more people in the real estate site in Europe and we will continue to build that and eke it up. The new store performance, it's -- there's nothing different. We'll just continue -- and that's why I think we're feeling so good because there are stores in A, B and C markets, and they're all doing extremely well, we're not doing anything different. So we're pretty excited about the results.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, our tactics have been just adding more people on the real estate side. And in terms of the U.K, obviously, as we added 5 more stores within the U.K. because we just see a lot of opportunity. Look, there are people going out of business, so we're going to take full advantage of that. And they've set up the team that way to take full advantage of it. So we shall see. I mean, we're not going to walk away from anything that we think is viable, that's for sure.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I'm going to say it, and I could say it 100 times, there is always more goods than we could possibly have an appetite for and that has not changed. We spend all of our time trying to teach our buyers to buy the best of the best. So I'm going to tell you, it's a great environment, we have great brands, we love our mix going forward but there's never a lack of merchandise out there, ever.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, both Scott and I will answer that, that we're always looking for opportunity so there's always a possibility of increasing the buyback. But right now, we're $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion is our...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Probably not because we're really going to run our e-comm very similar to our store business, so in terms of the treasure hunt. So it remains to be seen. I don't even want to comment on -- we have no idea how big this is going to be. All I know is that it's differentiated, we're excited about it and we think it gives new customer opportunity, we think that it is an opportunity to shop 24/7. We think it's great. If there's bad weather, it's another opportunity. So we shall see.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I believe it can, and I think the thing you've got to realize is how important our brands are. T.J. Maxx is a very well-known brand. It's not like we're launching something that people aren't aware of a great brand. It has built in marketing ready, we have our TV, we have radio, we have social, we have so many aspects that we can go after. So you can't look at it as a brand-new endeavor.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Actually, they're doing quite well. And across the board, our stores are performing very consistently. However, as we stated, Florida and some of the warmer weather climates were slightly better. And that was a little bit of weather impact. But in terms of the demographics in the A and B and C markets, they're really very consistent.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, we don't comment on our remodels. We're happy with them. I can make that comment. And we're continuing on our plans of 300.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, I can only tell you that we're marketing pretty hard. So we'll see. I think we've got a great mix, a lot of opportunity and I love our marketing campaign. So again, we will strive to beat our numbers and hopefully all of those formulas will help us get there. Thank you. So we look forward to reporting our third quarter and thank you very much, everyone. And thank you, Elan.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. We're going to handle the financial recap a bit differently today than we have in the past. Since most of the financial metrics I usually discuss are in this morning's press release, I'm going to keep my comments brief and focus on providing some additional color on our results. As Carol mentioned, our second quarter consolidated comparable store sales increase of 4% was achieved over last year's 7% reported increase. This was also on top of comp increases of 3% to 4% in each of the prior 6 years. Clearly, we continue to demonstrate the ability of this business to drive strong comps on top of strong comparisons year after year. Comps were driven by a combination of increases in traffic and ticket in the quarter. Our diluted earnings per share of $0.66 was up 18% over last year's $0.56 and above our expectations. Foreign currency exchange rates had a neutral impact on earnings per share, which is the same as last year's neutral impact. We are extremely pleased with the high flow through on our above-plan sales and quality of earnings. Consolidated pretax profit margin was 12% for the quarter, which marks a second quarter record and was up 50 basis points versus last year's strong margin and well above our plan. This increase was driven primarily by strong merchandise margin improvement and volume and occupancy leverage on our above-plan sales. This increase within gross profit was partially offset by 20 basis points of SG&A deleverage. This was primarily due to increased investments in marketing, our e-commerce businesses and funding of The TJX Foundation. As to Marmaxx, comps increased 4%; apparel comps were up 3%; and home fashions, up 5%. Geographically, comps in most regions were around the chain's average. Florida and the West Coast were the top performing regions. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our third quarter, back half and full year fiscal '14 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now for fiscal '14 guidance, beginning with the full year. For modeling purposes, I'll remind you that fiscal '14 is a 52-week compared with a 53-week period in fiscal '13. The extra week contributed approximately an $0.08 benefit to the fourth quarter, second half and full year. As we noted in our press release today, with our above-plan second quarter results, we are raising our full year earnings per share guidance. The new guidance calls for full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.74 to $2.80 over EPS of $2.55 in fiscal '13, which again included an approximately $0.08 benefit from the 53rd week. Excluding the extra week, fiscal '14 full year expected EPS would be an 11% to 13% increase over the prior year's adjusted $2.47. Let me recap the changes versus the guidance we provided on the first quarter earnings call in May. We now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 2% to 3% for the full year compared to our prior guidance of 1% to 2% growth. Also, we now expect pretax profit margins of 11.9% to 12.1%, which would be flat to 20 basis points higher than last year's margin of 11.9% and 10 basis points better than the guidance we provided in May on the high and low end. A couple of reminders that this guidance includes the impact of our e-commerce investments and last year, the 53rd week positively impacted pretax margins by approximately 20 basis points. Lastly, our EPS guidance now includes an additional $0.01 per share negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates, which was not contemplated in our guidance provided on May 21. Let me now discuss the back half guidance. We expect EPS to be in the range of $1.46 to $1.52 over EPS of $1.44 in fiscal '13, which again included the extra week. Excluding the extra week, expected EPS for the back half of fiscal '14 would be a 7% to 12% increase over the prior year's adjusted $1.36. This guidance is based on consolidated comps store sales growth in a range of 1% to 3%. We're planning pretax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.3%, down 10 but up 20 basis points over last year. As a reminder, this guidance includes our e-commerce investments and in fiscal '13, the extra week positively impacted pretax margins by approximately 30 basis points. This EPS guidance also includes the additional $0.01 per share negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates. Now I will move to the third quarter guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.69 to $0.72, which would be an 11% to 16% increase over last year's $0.62 per share. We're assuming a third quarter top line in the $6.8 billion to $6.9 billion range. This is based on expected comp sales growth in the 2% to 3% range on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. Third quarter pretax profit margins are planned in the 12.0% to 12.3% range, up 30 to 60 basis points versus the prior year. We're anticipating third quarter gross margin -- profit margin to be in the range of 28.7% to 28.9%, down 10 to up 10 basis points over the prior year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the range of 16.5% to 16.4%, 50 to 60 basis points favorable to last year. As a reminder, the third quarter last year was negatively impacted by several items we called out, which combined, had a 60 basis points negative impact on last year's margins. Foreign exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on EPS in the third quarter versus a neutral impact last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.1% and net interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $726 million. Our full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.77 to $0.80 compared to $0.82 last year, which included an approximately $0.08 benefit from the extra week. This guidance reflects consolidated comp sales growth of 1% to 2%, which includes having 6 fewer selling days before Christmas. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks. And now we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Not much detail that I was going really go into here. It's, again, continuing – it'll be driven on the high side by the continued improvement in our lowering the inventory levels and some built in markdowns associated with that, which has been a consistent story over the past few years. And that's really about all the details to go into in -- at this point.
Scott Goldenberg: Are you – yes, okay. So our full-year guidance, again, just to recap, we are now saying we're going to be 20 to 40 basis points higher than -- this is including FX, than we were last year. And like you said, we do have some -- we have a bit more on the corporate expenses due to the foundation and some home office moves that were not contemplated, that's now included in our full-year guidance. We also absorbed, just for instance, a bit more interest expense in the FX that we did not have on our last forecast. But when you do apples-to-apples, we feel we're still leveraging net-net about 20 basis points when you adjust out the savings there versus some of the other items that we have which is -- and again, remember, we also have the e-commerce businesses. So when you offset those with the -- some of the decrease that you're talking about in corporate expenses, net-net, we still feel we have a healthy increase on a 3 comp.
Scott Goldenberg: That's correct. So we're -- we've increased a few expenses in the -- both in the second quarter and the back half that will make the drop in the corporate expenses a bit less.
Scott Goldenberg: It's not a big deal. I think the bigger point is that we're still leveraging when you adjust out what we would call the onetime items that we called out in the back half versus what we have on, which again is the e-commerce and some of the other costs, net-net, we spoke there we have a -- we're about up where we expect to be on that.
Scott Goldenberg: And one other thing, Dana, in terms of -- yes, in terms of the results, I mean, the 190 basis points increase that we had x FX on the merchant strong margin was a combination of good expense leverage and a slightly even bigger portion that came out of merchandise margin, gross margin increases.
Scott Goldenberg: Okay. Sure. Again, just to clarify here that I'm going to be giving the numbers on a 52-week over a 52-week basis, including FX. So I'm going to start with Marmaxx. Marmaxx's current is now 2% comp versus last year's 6%, that's a 14.5% and a load of 14.6%. So 0 to 10 basis points up and just as a call out, that has approximately a 20 basis impact due to the e-commerce businesses being included, so you'd be 20 to 30 basis points on the low and the high, and that's $17.7 billion to $17.8 billion on sales. Moving to HomeGoods, a 4% to 5% comp against last year's 7% comp, 12.6% to 12.8% versus last year's 12% or 60 to 80 basis points on $2.9 billion of sales. We just mentioned in our previous guidance, that's an increase from a 2% to 4% comp, now to the 4% to 5% comp on a full year for HomeGoods. Canada, 0% to 1% comp against last year's 5%, 13.2% to 13.4% versus last year's 14.0% on $2.9 billion in sales. And finally, Europe, 4% to 5% comp against last year's 10%, margins of 7.1% to 7.4%, and again, that's a 70 to 100 basis points improvement on $3.4 million in sales. And again, just to repeat, the full year is 11.9% to 12.1%, 20 to 40 basis points up on $20.6 billion to $27.1 billion in sales.
Scott Goldenberg: In fact, Bob, I would say right now, we've -- we are -- this would apply to all 4 divisions, are having to really pace themselves because there is so much availability in the market. And we always need to do that but I would say the availability right now is at a significant level.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I mean, the primary reason to do it early in the year and in hindsight, it was clearly a good move with…
Scott Goldenberg: We took advantage of a 2.5% coupon rate that we were able to get and that's really not much more than that. So clearly, we have, as you can tell from our balance sheet, have over $2 billion. But I just would call out again, approximately half of that is overseas. But no it's -- the majority of the reason was doing -- taking advantage of a great rate at the time.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. Paul, I think, Carol is saying that we just like to be conservative on these plans, especially on the gross margin plans. So we're still opportunistic, we don't like to get ahead of it too much and forecast where margins are going to be. But I would like to tell you that the market continues to have a lot of goods, it's across all areas in the market, all families of business. Obviously, varies from one to another, so not the same in every family of business. But overall, we're feeling pretty bullish on the amount of exciting value buys that are in the marketplace.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, we don't like to give too many specifics obviously, Dana, but we have tested men's marketing as a push. We did a test last fall and then one this spring and I guess what we would leave you with is that the results were encouraging and we're feeling pretty good about the results. We'll be kicking the tires a little bit more in that arena. But again, we talked about, Carol mentioned earlier, about the 75% of the customers that are an opportunity out there and we think men's is one of those avenues that we would take a hard look at in terms of the marketing and in terms of our merchandising opportunity. In addition to that, total impressions and total marketing campaign for us this fall will be up. So we will continue that trend, which I think we've also talked about before. Again, this was a men's question you asked but our total marketing push will be up throughout the back half and we're feeling good about that as again trying to drive our top line and take advantage of the environment that we're in, as you guys talked about earlier. Carol, do you want to talk about Europe or we can both...
Ernie L. Herrman: Europe, could it be a double-digit, Dana, you asked could it be a double-digit operating income? We always smile at that question. We would like to think so. We will never at this point say that because of all the reasons we've said already about wanting to be conservative. We're very happy about where we sit in Europe today in terms of the people, in terms of the trend, which all of you are aware of. We're feeling very encouraged about the sales trend. Again, it's all execution. So a couple of years ago, we are not happy with our sale trend. That was really all based on our own execution, not the environment. So we would like to emphasize that whatever happens in Europe is still up to our own doing and really not as much about the environment. We are very -- feeling very positive, however, about the situation there. And we are looking for further expansion in Europe so.
Ernie L. Herrman: So, Dana, that really goes to your question, we're believing that the opportunity in Germany exists and that is a -- heading to a profitable margin. So that really somewhat will support your question.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, we have a nice mix there with the stores across the board whether it's urban markets or suburban or rural. Again, the pattern seems to be consistent across all of those markets.
Ernie L. Herrman: The environment is a little up in the air, I would say, in Canada. You have a situation where the economy has softened a little. It came a little bit later than other countries, so that was a funny dynamic. However, we still look at our own execution as the crux of the matter, whether it's good or bad, it's pretty much up to us. So we have been happy with the way the sales have been. I think there's been some execution issues in a couple of categories that we're taking a look at, but we're feeling pretty bullish on the back half and feeling like sales will continue to be a bit more of an opportunity as we move into the back half of the year. The currency has been a funky issue in that it's been in one of -- and I've seen it over the years go in many cycles. Sometimes, it's fairly stable for a time period. But right now, over the last, I would say, 6 months, Scott, we'd have this volatile environment on the currency, which plays a little bit of chaos in terms of with the buying of goods because a fair amount of the buying of goods is done in U.S. dollars as well.
Ernie L. Herrman: And very close to our model, the good thing about our model is we buy close to need. And in situations like this, a volatile currency can come into play there. So on that, I would -- yes, it affects us. I don't get too crazy and we tell our teams not to get too crazy because it's something out of their control. So I think that, Lorraine, is a good recap of Canada.
Ernie L. Herrman: And, Jeff, it's a bit of a moving target. It somewhat depends on the buys we make as to how to many stores it's in. So it is in limited stores. I wouldn't give a number on that only because it changes. It's really not new. It might be new in the stores you're looking at because sometimes, we hit some other stores that we hadn't hit in a bit.
