Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good morning, everyone. And joining me and Sherry on the call today are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. And 2012 was another great year for TJX, on top of many great years. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased 28% and our 5-year compound annual EPS growth was 21%. We achieved this profit growth on sales of nearly $26 billion in 2012, which was almost $3 billion more than 2011. Consolidated comps were up an extremely strong 7%, over 4% in the prior year. This marks the fourth consecutive year of very strong sales and double-digit EPS growth in a very competitive retail environment and volatile economy. All of our divisions delivered excellent results, and we begin a new fiscal year in a great position to continue our strong performance. After so many years of strong performance, we hear the question a lot out there, how are you going to keep this going? So let me be clear, we are very confident that our top and bottom line growth is far from over. In 2013, despite fewer selling days in the retail holiday calendar, we are maintaining our 10% to 13% long-term annual EPS growth model. It's important to recognize that we are maintaining this model while we plan to continue investing in our future growth in 2013, including our brick-and-mortar business, e-commerce and supply chain. We are confident that we will achieve these plans. And at the same time, we certainly have a management team that is passionate about striving to surpass these goals. As confident as we are in the near future, as CEO of this company, I will tell you that I'm even more excited about the long term, which will be the focus of our call today. With our brands, fashion and value mission, we have tremendous opportunities for the future, and we are well on the road to being a $40-billion company and beyond. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott so he can recap the numbers.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Jeff, first of all, we are not seeing any difference in terms of the demographics. Whether it's a $50,000 income area or below or higher income, we're not seeing a difference. We are truly, truly being affected by weather. I mean, the difference is so dramatic between New England, which is comping negatively, and the Southeast and Florida, which is comping positively. We almost see it to a day. A few days after the snowstorm, as to the Midwest, we saw huge comp increases. In addition, our clearance levels are slightly below last year. We kept our inventory very lean in the colder zones strategically, because we knew it was going to be a colder and snowier month. So this is really absolutely a weather story for us.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's going to like T.J. Maxx, and it's going to be great value and it's going to be very, very exciting. Sierra Trading, we are so thrilled with this acquisition and the combination of what we can bring to Sierra Trading, which we're not going to toy with because they are a great company. What we can bring to them is tremendous leverage. We can bring to them, certainly, financial backing, market penetration, the ability to get access to many new vendors and vice versa. In turn, they are absolutely brilliant in their analytics. They have a wonderful platform. We are less than 2 months into this and each day, we're finding more and more areas that we can leverage each other. But for right now, they're going to be a separate entity. In addition, they have a wonderful outdoor business, which we think could be very, very interesting for us in the future.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we're learning more and more about each country. We're pretty happy with Poland. I think another area that's very interesting is our home businesses because both Canada and HomeGoods have been absolutely staggering. And Ernie will tell you a little bit about the momentum at HomeSense. The costs in Europe are a bit higher, so I'm not going to sit here and tell you that it's going to reach Marmaxx's level. We've given a model of, I think, about 8%. But obviously, in my heart, I think we can surpass that as we leverage it because we have 850 stores in the mix today. But we'll -- obviously, year-after-year, I think there is more potential there, and we'll be able to leverage it a little bit better. But costs are greater. But Ernie here, he was just over in Europe.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I also think, as Ernie is getting that execution going, and Michael, HomeSense, years ago, we didn't see the real estate opportunities. There may be some tremendous advantages there in the next period of time for us to even increase our HomeSense store count, so we're going to take a look at that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Brian, we don't really talk about our specific turns. I can tell you that we certainly are turning a lot faster this year than we did a year ago, so we are pretty pleased. So do we see more opportunities? I mean, Marmaxx is planning their inventories a little bit lower this year. I think a lot of this remains to be seen. Because I talked about, probably for the last 2 years, about our investment in our supply chain. So we really don't know what that's going to yield. And we still think there's this great opportunity in shipping more perfectly, regionally, by category, by store. And we really won't know what that's going to yield, probably until 2 to 3 years out, when we get all our systems in play. So again, what we're doing right now is a little bit more, I won't say, totally manually, on a $26 billion business all manually, but more manually than we would like to, which just doesn't give us all the opportunity. So certainly, in Canada, there are some chains that have more opportunity to bring the inventories lower this year than last year, but we don't really know the end game to this yet. So again, we plan conservatively, and we hope very much to beat our plans.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's mostly software. It's mostly DC and software. It's not as much in-store. But obviously, as you move your inventories a little bit leaner, your stores operate more efficiently, and it's easier for the in-store labor to function and drive sales harder. But that's really where mostly our investments are. When we get the Marmaxx West Coast DC in, a very large portion of our goods come in through the West Coast, which is going to allow us to get to the stores a lot quicker. And it's both -- it's a regional and a chain DC, so we're pretty excited about that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We have shipping centers. We have a whole strategy. We have a whole game plan on our supply chain, which includes the Marmaxx DC. We're looking at some changes in HomeGoods in the future, which we will be investing in, to make that chain move quicker and more efficiently. And then we also use shipping centers, strategically. We add them in so that we can, again, get to the services stores faster. And sometimes, in some cases, even ship a store once or twice a day, if they're in a big city.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, we're pretty much going in with the same model that we went in a year ago. Again, it's very important for us to work hard at putting a model together that makes sense, being somewhat conservative and beating that plan. So we don't look at the metrics and go, "Well, this is exactly what we think we're going to do." We look at it logically. We look at it last year. We look at it on a long-term trend. But having said that, last year, we put out a 0% to 2% and we ended up with a 7% comp. So we strive to beat the numbers. In terms of the wider demographics, as we learn to ship our stores better and, again, getting more focused by region, we find that an income level of $50,000 works for us and we have customers that are in an income level of millions. We just have a very, very wide demographic, and that's what's exciting about our business. Our market penetration in relationship to department stores is they have 35% plus and we are way under that, so that, again, gives us tremendous opportunity to grow. The last point that is very important is we have stores that are 18 years old that are still comping. There's not a lot of companies that can say that. We talked about the end game, we don't really know what an average store ultimately can end up doing. But our job is to take each individual store and figure out how we can drive sales in it.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Having said that, I don't think a lot of retailers were able to pull back their inventory as quickly as we did for February, looking at it by zone. It's the flexibility of the model. It's really a wonderful model.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So I think the other thing is our business, what is exciting is, even going into February, is our ladies apparel business is very strong. Our turns are terrific. So that really bodes well so that we have a home business that's very, very strong. And we believe that home across the board is going to be much stronger this year as percent to total for a lot of businesses. But having said that, our apparel business looks pretty healthy, so that absolutely bodes well for the future.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I can tell you that our penetration is going to be even stronger. Our impressions are way up this coming year. We are really excited. It's probably a year that, again, we are going to leverage even greater than we did a year ago. We are finding when our brands are working together, they're taking the best of the best of each of their campaigns and they're using it. So some of the campaigns that work in the States, work in Canada, vice versa in Europe, which is allowing us to do things we haven't done before. Our tri-branding is absolutely terrific. Nan up in Canada is doing some very interesting new things. We are just getting more and more knowledge and more analytics around our marketing. So I think you're going to be pretty pleased. In addition to the impressions going up, Marmaxx is going to be on TV more weeks this year, which is exciting. And you'll be seeing some new things that you haven't seen before.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Dan, we are going to do what we do best. And I'd be out of my mind to sit here and say, "We'll just do a 7% comp again." Again, we are -- we do everything and strive to beat our plans. We are very excited. But we have to execute our business, and that's what we're focused on.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ernie is going to do everything in his power to drive sales and drive the business. That's what we all focus on.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I mean, I can just tell you, our small and rural stores, we make a lot of money with and we'll continue building in there. As I said before, February is, across the board, I really don't -- for us, we're not necessarily seeing this change in the payroll tax and affecting our business. It's across the board, and it's very, very weather-related. So I really can't comment on other retailers.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: 25, yes. We're moving to 25 stores. As I said before, what we don't want to do is to make the same mistake we made a few years ago and grow too quickly, so we are increasing the number. If there are some terrific real estate deals, Ernie and the team will definitely go after them. So if the number comes up a couple of stores, so be it if it makes sense. But I think that feels really good, and then we'll see what happens by the end of the year. We're still building the infrastructure. We're still building the talent. We're still teaching. Again, each time, each year, they get better and smarter, we'll be more comfortable about ramping up slightly.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It depends by brand. Marmaxx is obviously a lot easier for us. HomeGoods is -- again, we ramped that up a few years ago. In Canada, we are ramping the talent because of Marshalls, a new chain. In Europe, we talked a little bit about HomeSense opportunity. Different countries, you want to make sure that you have the right talent base there. So that would be a little bit more of an aggressive build. So between Europe and Canada, you really want to get that talent in place.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Scott, I think it's important to note, Marmaxx, because of e-commerce, because otherwise you'd be basically up 10 basis points.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Our e-commerce, right now, what we're planning is obviously the costs are all in and we're planning it very conservatively. So when we get to FY '15, we'll be slightly more aggressive. But today, our sales are very minimal. And again, our investments are all in those numbers. In terms of the store count long term, we look at, as I said before, what each business can really handle in terms of the opportunities for real estate, number one, and the talent to be able to back up and drive the sales. So we talked about Europe being a little bit more aggressive than last year but not being too aggressive; Canada, getting Marshalls up and running; Marmaxx being pretty stable, so that's 75 stores; and HomeGoods being 30 stores. Again, that team is pretty stable. So that's really the way we look at it, and our model is a 4% to 5% store growth per year. So I look forward to reporting our first quarter, and thank you very much.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Just to remind you that the fiscal '12 adjusted numbers we refer to today exclude the impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation. Now to recap our full year fiscal '13 results. Net sales for the 53-week fiscal year reached $25.9 billion, a 12% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales on a 52-week basis were up by a very strong 7%, well exceeding our expectations, and on top of very strong increases in the 3 prior years. Diluted earnings per share were $2.55, a 28% increase over last year's adjusted $1.99. This year's results included approximately an $0.08 per share benefit from the 53rd week in our fiscal '13 calendar. On an adjusted 52-week basis, EPS growth was up 24% on top of increases of 14%, 23% and 48% in the last 3 years. Foreign currency exchange rates had a neutral impact on EPS, which is the same as last year. For the full year, the consolidated pretax profit margin was 11.9%, a 120-basis-point increase over last year's adjusted margin and above our expectations, primarily driven by merchandise margin improvement and expense leverage on our above-plan sales. The 53 week -- the 53rd week also benefited pretax margins by an estimated 20 basis points. Gross profit margin increased 100 basis points above last year's adjusted margin, again, driven primarily by merchandise margin improvement at all divisions and expense leverage. SG&A expense improved 10 basis points over last year's adjusted ratio. A number of items impacted SG&A during the year, partially offsetting our expense leverage. These items include a contribution to The TJX Foundation, as well as the third quarter items detailed in today's press release, which together had a 30-basis-point unfavorable impact. As to inventories, at the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 6%. We begin the fiscal year with excellent inventory levels and very well positioned to buy into the plentiful opportunities we see in the marketplace, and continue shipping fresh merchandise to our stores. In terms of share repurchases for the year, we bought back $1.3 billion of TJX stock, retiring 30.6 million shares. During the fourth quarter, we bought back $350 million of TJX stock, retiring 8.1 million shares. After reinvesting in growth, increasing shareholder distributions through our dividend and buyback programs and acquiring Sierra Trading Post in fiscal '13, we still ended the year with $2 billion in cash and short-term investments. Now to recap fourth quarter results. Net sales for the 14-week fiscal quarter were $7.7 billion, a 15% increase over last year. Consolidated comp store sales increased a strong 4% over a 7% increase in the prior year. EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.82, a strong 32% increase on top of 3 years of very strong growth. The 53rd week also positively impacted EPS by approximately $0.08 in the fourth quarter. In addition, foreign currency rate -- exchange rates had a $0.01 positive impact compared with a neutral impact in the prior year. Consolidated pretax profit margins were 12.5%, a 120-basis-point increase over the prior year. The increase was largely driven by merchandise margin improvement, with some expense leverage on our above-plan comp [ph] . The 53rd week had a 60-basis-points positive impact on pretax margins. The gross profit margin was up 140 basis points, driven by merchandise margin improvement. SG&A increased 20 basis points with expense leverage on our strong sales, more than offset by approximately 50 basis points from the impact of our contribution to The TJX Foundation, higher incentive compensation accruals due to the above-plan results and transaction expenses related to the Sierra Trading Post acquisition. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our first quarter and full year '14 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: He asked a couple of different questions. I'll try to do one, so the difference there. In terms of corporate expenses, this year, clearly, we had a large increase in corporate expenses, the increase largely due to foundation, higher incentive accruals, a little with our STP transaction expenses and the third quarter items that we talked about, and the closed store expenses that we, again, talked about in the third quarter. Next year, we expect a significant decrease in our corporate expenses, from in and around the range of this year's $333 million to approximately $285 million next year. And again, it's the reversing of not spending as much money, although we'll still be spending in the foundation, not having -- we're anniversary-ing that closed store reserve and less -- a little less spending on the incentive accrual. So the bottom line is we have normal growth, but we do have a significant reduction in corporate expenses. As regards to incremental investment spending, we were on plan this year just to reiterate that, but it did have a -- certainly, there was a growth. But over next year compared to this year, we have a level spending in our incremental investments. So it's still spending in some of the same areas, systems, talent, DC, supply chain. But again, it is leveling off this year compared to the spend of last year.
Scott Goldenberg: Oliver, I'll just jump on, on one thing. On the conservative comps, one other thing to remember is, in our model, because we buy so close to need, we're able to chase. So we're able to -- no matter how conservative the plans are, as witnessed by what Carol said about last year, we're able to well outperform. And a lot of that is because of the model that we execute to. It allows us to, when things are good, continue to drive harder. And if it slows up, we can pull it back a little. So again, that's always something to keep in mind, I think.
Scott Goldenberg: So just to get 2 things out of the way. Again, the 53-week calling out had an approximate 20 basis point benefit to fiscal '13. I'm going to be presenting the numbers on a 52-over-52-week basis and, again, x FX. Starting with Marmaxx, we have a comp plan of 1% to 2% against last year's 6% comp; segment margin guidance of 14.1% to 14.4% against last year's 14.5%; and sales, $17.6 billion to $17.8 billion. Moving to HomeGoods, guidance of 0% to 2% comp against last year's 7%, with a range of 11.8% to 12.1% against last year's 12%; and sales, approximately $2.8 billion. Canada, down 1% to up 1%, so a flattish comp on last year's 5%; with guidance 13.6% to 14.0% against last year's 14.0%, with sales of approximately $3 billion. Europe, 2% to 4% comp against last year's strong 10%; 6.7% to 7.2%, recall 7.2% is the highest we ever had in Europe, and that was a few years ago, against last year's 6.2%; a 50 to 100 basis point improvement on $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion in sales. And again, recapping, Marmaxx, a 1% to 2% comp on a 7% last year guidance; 11.7% to 12.0% against last year's 11.7%, or a 0 to 30-basis-point improvement on $26.8 billion to $27.1 billion in sales. Again, this is all on a 52-over-52-week basis. And that's it.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, so on that 2% comp, as Carol have reiterated, it shows us down 10 basis points. There is some deleverage due to the e-commerce initiatives, which I called out at the beginning of the guidance section, which we are putting STP and e-commerce in there. Real pleased with the STP division, it's a profitable division. We have growth built into our plan. But the growth -- still with the growth, we are at a profit margin that is not at the very high levels of Marmaxx. And we are still investing in the e-commerce business, so we have some incremental expenses. So as Carol noted, that's the reason for the delevered [ph] -- the base business...
Ernie L. Herrman: Michael, I was just there few weeks ago. And one of the things we've obviously fixed over there is the execution in Germany. And as we've done that, the 4-wall contribution has gone up significantly. I guess, before we start thinking about what the other countries could mean, Germany still has a lot of room for growth for us. So yes, we're excited about the potential. But like everything else, we like to be conservative in our expectations where we could go there. But it is -- as we like to say, Germany is one of the biggest potentials we see and a country the we're already in, and Carol had that in the script. On HomeSense, as we talked about, same iteration, we only have about 25 stores over there. So lots of opportunity with HomeSense, which has shown consistent performance, as Carol just alluded to, during this past year. Our home business, in general, has been healthy, but HomeSense, specifically in U.K., has been very strong. The other thing we're looking at, given the environment in the U.K. and in Europe, is there should be -- like we are with everything else, there should be some real estate opportunities. Things are tough over there. So we might find similar real estate opportunities actually in the U.K. in a place where we were starting to get at the upper end of our store count. However, there's some great real estate sites that may show up, so we're pretty bullish on that as well. So I guess all that says, yes, we think the profit model could go up there. But as always, we want to be conservative in our expectations. The other thing I wanted to bring up and this kind of plays into the real estate opportunity discussion we talked about earlier, when we're talking about the weather, similar to real estate, weather situations out there create opportunities for us in this model of business with opportunistic buying. So that is something everyone should keep in mind. We may get hit with the weather in the short term, but there might be a benefit later.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, I would say, John, it's actually more about, I guess, age than it is about gender. So we have -- and Carol has talked about this before, we have tried to go after the younger customer, and it's interesting. That was I think part of -- in Oliver's question, he was asking demographic-wise, if product was part of the places that we've had a shift, and it is, and that we've gone after some more of the younger departments. I would tell you the success in the younger departments is we've been in an environment where there's plenty of opportunities in the market in the younger demographic -- younger age department, so that's really what we've driven hard. It's not really gender-based. It's really more about an age-based thing, which is, I think, what you were getting at. So we look at that, again, as part of the future. We want to capture the younger customer earlier so that they're our customer for us down the road.
Ernie L. Herrman: And actually, Dan, I have a comment here from -- if you think back in Carol's speech where she said, "We have a management team that is really passionate," and I would tell you, they are very passionate about driving sales. Their intention is to not just deliver the planned sales. But again, we can't commit beyond that as to what that means. All I can tell you is they are driven to drive sales.
Ernie L. Herrman: Kimberly, on that initial plan on Europe, that's where we've had a major focus on the talent build. Because we talked in the past, that's where we had to play catch-up a little bit. And we think we made a lot of progress there these last 12 months, a lot of progress. So we'll start to get more comfortable with more stores there as time goes on. But like Carol said, we want to do it in a very orderly, orderly timeframe.
