Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that we had a terrific fourth quarter. Earnings per share increased 15%, well exceeding our expectations. Consolidated comp sales grew 4% over last year’s 3% increase, also above our plan. We’re extremely pleased to see the comp almost entirely driven by customer traffic. We also like the sequential improvement in comps and traffic we saw at all divisions from the third quarter. I’m also very pleased with our 2014 results. Adjusted earnings per share increased 12% over last year’s 15% increase and above our plan while we continue to invest in our many initiatives for the future. 2014 marks the sixth consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth. Over this time, our compound annual adjusted EPS growth has been a strong 22%. We were delighted to see customer traffic improve each quarter throughout the year. Consolidated comp sales were up 2% for the year over last year’s 3% increase. Today, I will recap our four pillars for growth and share with you our raise estimates for long-term store growth potential. In 2015, we are planning comps increases consistent with prior years and assuming more conservative EPS growth primarily due to macro factors. Our underlying business remains strong and we are reiterating our 10% to 13% annual EPS growth model. We are confident we will achieve our goals and as always, we strive to surpass them. In 2014, we retail [ph] a $30 billion in sales which underscores our confidence in becoming a $40 billion company and beyond. Before I continue, I’ll turn the call over to Scott to recap our fourth quarter and our full year numbers.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Steve, we’re not going to give the exact model going forward. We see this year, as we said, foreign exchange currency. We’ve given those numbers. Wages will have an impact next year and then we’ll moderate from there on.
Carol Meyrowitz: I’m not going to give you the specific numbers, but it is absolutely increasing across at cross shopping. And we are really, really pleased with what we’re seeing just in general. Our marketing plans are terrific. And I think that’s really driving customer traffic and will continue to.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. First of all, in terms of the port, I can tell you as you know, chaos does tend to be our friend. I hate to say it. But we are seeing some things. Our pack-always are already up and we’re not planning the business any different, but we are assuming that there’ll probably be an increase in pack-aways and there’ll probably be some pretty incredible deal. Ernie, do you --
Carol Meyrowitz: No, we don’t. No, we don’t factor any of that. And we planned our margins the way we typically plan on margins, which are planned up. Not anything unusual, no.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Now they’ll work hard to mitigate that, obviously buying as much out of Canada as they possibly can and that of Europe. But there’s a reality that they do buy approximately 50%. But the guys are working pretty hard.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I think our brand awareness is really increasing. And we work very, very hard to make our stores more shoppable. Obviously, we love our mix. And I will tell you we’re excited we’re seeing lady sportswear really improving and business is pretty good in the apparel areas in women which is a great sign. So I think we’re doing all the right things. Regionally, they nailed it. They shipped fresh flow. They put it in the right areas. The marketing is very strong. We’re getting very, very high scores on our marketing. So I think all of the factors that we have been talking about just continue to come to fruition. We’re excited.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I’m not really sure what -- you’re asking specifically on the merchandise margin? I mean, I think what we do is obviously we’re going after the best value we possibly can. And that includes keeping open to buy, putting it in the right categories, taking it so advanced into the market. I mean, we’re kind of doing business as usual but there’s a ton that goes out there. And even with the port situation, we don’t seem to be having a problem finding great value. Other than that, I’m not sure how else to answer that.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, the customers love it. That’s obviously why we’re rolling it out. I’m not going to say specifics due to competitive reasons. But we’ve done a lot of analysis on what drives the customer and makes them happier within our store, along with really our employees because we want them to be able to maneuver and be comfortable in the store. So it’s like a combination. We ask the stores themselves what works and our customers. And then we come up with the best prototype we can. So taking all of that into consideration, we love the new prototype.
Carol Meyrowitz: And Omar, same thing with our online business. So we’re excited about getting Marshalls will be our next brand because we can leverage the buying organization which is a separate organization from Marmaxx. But you have tjmaxx.com, when you add on Marshalls, you don’t have to double the number of buyers. So that’s why we’re excited. As that volume increases, we’re not going to have to add quite as many people.
Carol Meyrowitz: No, this was the open-to-buy -- going forward, just in general, we’re as lean as we always are or available for any opportunity out there. And we do believe that there’ll probably be a higher pack-away opportunity this year. So that’s the way we’re looking at it.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, okay, I’m going to talk to the investments. The share investments in the business is somewhere probably between 1% and 2%. Going forward, it may be less than that. The pension cost, I’m going to have Scott break down the pension cost and then wages.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, as I said, I think pension, I would be disappointed if it continues to be as negative as it was this year. And as far as other costs, they’ll moderate. So the wages will continue through next year and then it should moderate after that.
Carol Meyrowitz: Right. Obviously, we have never had that kind of impact in the history of our business. So we do not think that that will be a negative factor going forward. At least, we’re not assuming.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I can say to you is that we always try to get the bigger piece of the pie. And we work very hard to keep improving our business every year. And it’s not so easy to just get into the off price business. Again, with a thousand buyers and making sure every day you’re throwing really fantastic special presents, it’s not the easiest thing in the world. We are very underpenetrated in the United States versus department stores. So we think we’ve got a long way to go. And obviously international, we are the first out there. There’s no other off prices out there. And we have built a very strong foundation and we’re going to continue doing that and expanding. And we spent a lot of time going to a new country. And we spent two to three years really analyzing it to understand what the right mix is. We learned that a long time ago. So we look at everybody as a competitor. And as far as we’re concerned, we just want to give great value every day and do what we do best and keep doing it better. And that’s how we’ll get a bigger piece of the pie.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. And there’s an early Easter. And our overall traffic is up. And where weather is good as I said, our trends are pretty similar to the fourth quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Our average retail predominantly in Marmaxx was slightly down, yes. And units were up. Again, we are really focused on delivering great value. But having said that, our margins are up.
Carol Meyrowitz: Again, I keep coming back to we’re on this mission to really improve and be the best brand out there. And the customer experience, every year that our customer surveys come back that they love the in-store experience which is really our associates who are driving that, we think it’s absolutely imperative that we keep pace and that we have the best talent. We have very low turnover. We definitely employ a choice. But as everything else, we want to be ahead of it. We want to keep the best of the best and we want to be able to bring the best of the best in. So whether it’s our stores, whether it’s our merchants, whether it’s home office, that’s our goal. So we’re doing what we think is best for our associates and our customers.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, it’s not -- this year, it’s not a long-term growth plan. And I already said a lot that this is going to get mitigated on its own. And we certainly think the initiatives that we’re dealing are the right things to drive our business. So we’re feeling very good about our business.
Carol Meyrowitz: Of course not. Look, that was the way to answer that. Honestly, we were very disappointed in our fourth quarter a year ago. And we learned a lot from that. Our margins were down. And we said we evaluated everything that we thought was the right thing to do. And I think the guys did a spectacular job this year. And I think they see even more things that they’re going to go after next year. So I really don’t want to go into the individual strategies. But as many years ago in Europe, we learned whenever we have a tough situation, we go in, we dig in, and we fix it and we learn a lot from it. And that’s what’s important.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you. And we look forward to reporting our first quarter here up in Boston. And we’re hoping for a little meltdown. Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. I’ll begin with our fourth quarter results. As Carol mentioned, our consolidated comparable store sales increased 4% over a 3% increase last year and above our plan. We were very pleased that our comp was almost entirely driven by customer traffic and that all of our divisions ended the year with traffic increases. Further, it was also great to see a strong increase in our units sold. Diluted earnings per share were $0.93, a 15% increase over last year’s $0.81, which was above our plan. Foreign exchange had a neutral impact on EPS compared with a $0.01 positive impact last year. This was $0.02 better than we planned resulting from a mark-to-market gain on our currency hedges due to the dramatic decline in the Canadian dollar and the British pound at the end of the quarter. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.4%, up 40 basis points versus the prior year. Gross profit margin was 28.2%, up 60 basis points versus last year, primarily driven by strong merchandise margin improvement as well as buying an occupancy leverage on the strong comp. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 15.7%, up 10 basis points versus last year’s ratio. SG&A was less favorable than anticipated due to contributions to the TJX Foundation and legal costs not contemplated in our most recent guidance. At the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses and excluding in-transit and eCommerce inventories, were up 5% on a constant currency basis versus an 8% decline last year. Average in-store inventories at the end of the quarter were flat versus last year. Now to recap our full year fiscal ’15 results. Consolidated comparable store sales increased 2% over a 3% increase last year. The comp was driven by a combination of increases in average basket and customer traffic. We were very pleased that customer traffic improved sequentially every quarter of the year. Diluted earnings per share were $3.15. Excluding a second quarter debt extinguishment charge of $0.01, adjusted EPS was $3.16, a 12% increase over last year’s $2.83 which excluded a tax benefit of $0.11 from reported EPS of $2.94. Our 12% increase exceeded the high-end of our most recent guidance. Foreign exchange had a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share compared to a $0.01 positive impact last year. For the full year, consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.2%. Excluding an approximately 10 basis points impact from the second quarter debt extinguishment charge, adjusted pre-tax profit margin was 12.3%, up 20 basis points versus last year’s 12.1%. Gross profit margin was 28.5%, flat versus last year. For the full year, merchandise margins were slightly up. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.1%, a 20 basis points improvement over last year’s ratio. Moving to our financial strength and shareholder distributions. Our business continues to generate excellent cash flows and strong financial returns. In fiscal ’15, free cash flow was $2.1 billion, approximately $415 million more than last year. OIC remained a strong 23%, thanks in large part to a disciplined approach with capital allocations. We remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders while continuing to reinvest to support our growth for the long-term. We returned $2.1 billion of cash to shareholders in fiscal ’15 through our share repurchase and dividend programs. Even after increasing the shareholder distribution program and our investments in the business, we still ended the year with $2.8 billion of cash in short-term investments. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I’ll recap our first quarter and full year of fiscal ’16 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: And Paul, to answer your question. Canada buys approximately 50% of their purchases in U.S. dollars. And Europe buys approximately 25% of their purchases in U.S. dollars.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So again, Kimberly, to your question, I’ll be talking about the full year guidance for the four different divisions. Marmaxx, we’re planning a 1% to 2% comp. The guidance is 14.2 to 14.4, so down 40 to down 20, with the sales at $19.4 to $19.6 billion. HomeGoods, as planned, a 2% to 3% comp, 13.2 to 13.4, 40 to 20 basis points down on $3.7 billion in sales. Canada is 1% to 2% comp. And the Europe and Canada I’m going to deal with the ex-FX. So 11.3% to 11.5%. So they were down 200 basis points in the high-end and that is primarily due to the impact of currency on the mark-on. And that’s on $2.7 billion. Europe, 3% to 4%; 7.9% to 8.1% again ex-FX on $4.1 billion.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So on the pension cost, similar to we’re in that low interest rate environment and the pension get at one point in the year you have the interest rate gets set. It was at in the historically low rate from a pension cost. It moves, so it’s already moved up, but you have to set it up, you have to set it that one time. Also, mortality tables as you’ve probably read with other retailers and asset [ph], have been reset. So it’s probably more -- the majority is due to the interest rates. And there is this portion due to the mortality tables. But again, some of the FX rates they could fluctuate and be a positive for next year. We’re extremely well-funded. And our rates of return have been good. So again, I think the big wild card is going forward and could be favorable is the interest rates. In terms of the 4%, the largest component of that is the investment in associates. And it’s more than half of the 4%.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. In terms of the bigger portion, the 5% we talked about on the currency translation mark-to-market, at this point we’d be assuming currency rates would remain the same as they are now. If that would be the case and we have not bought any goods for next year and we would assume there’d be no impact essentially for both the translation mark-to-market and the impact on our currency. So that 5% is more to due to just the way we forecast and consistently have done that.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I mean to your question, Paul, also an addition to pack-aways, there will be I think in the near-term some probably greater market opportunities for the current season than we normally would have had because of the ports. But like Carol said, there is always some dynamic going on out there. This time, it’s the ports. So next time, it will be something else. So yes, this does create additional opportunities to your question and availability.
Ernie Herrman: And Matthew, we really start with just a couple and we fine-tune the first couple physically and operationally and we don’t begin rolling out the new prototype until we’re happy with the customer surveys we get on that as well as the associate surveys, as Carol mentioned.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And I think it’s a little different by country. So domestically here, if you look at Marmaxx and HomeGoods, as much as we talk about Europe’s expansion, we’ve been growing very healthy -- at healthy paces here as well. So we’ve added merchants even domestically. But clearly, we do it at a leveraging rate. So we’re always leveraging. We don’t add at the rate of our top line growth. We are flexible based on opportunities and trends. If we look at categories that are trending, we tend to look to buyers to cover that. But again, we’re very surgical. And if you go to Canada, when we added another brand, we’d look at more buyers there but at a very much different rate than just adding to the rate of the business, the new stores and the growth. So it leverages very dramatically. But it is the lifeblood organization for this company. So we are very proactive as we’ve talked before in our training of that organization. And it’s not just about the numbers, it’s about the quality of the merchants that we put in place. So I guess that’s one reason we feel like we’re pretty efficient with that group.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Richard, I think an answer to your question I think on the timing, we’re buying pretty handsome out there relative to I think an eComm business. If you go on the site, I think you’ll feel that in terms of the nature and seasonality of the merchandise. We’re launching categories that Carol mentioned in the initial run-through that Home has launched, and that was pretty recent. Again, we’re happy with the way that is going. Plus side is that in the near future, Pet is something that we’ve carried in a decent way in HomeGoods. That will be online in the near future. As we put in these new categories, you’ll see that the timeliness of the goods is right in sync with our stores. It’s just not the exact same goods as the stores. It varies. Sometimes it would be, most of the time it isn’t. But we’re feeling good about -- we’re trying to bring that op price model to the eComm, tjmaxx.com’s site.
Daniel Hofkin: Good morning. Great quarter. Just a couple of quick follow-up questions. One, you discussed that traffic was -- almost all of the comp increased. But I think you indicated that units per transactions were also up. Was the average unit retail down to some degree? And I’m curious what you’re seeing in terms of the pricing environment. That’s my first question. Then I have one quick follow up.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then just maybe just a more thematic overall picture about retail or just curious what you think is happening in terms of labor cost in general. We’ve obviously -- you being one of a number of major retailers that have announced wage increases. Is something changing in terms of the amount of slack [ph] in the labor market from your perspective? Just any perspective would be helpful there.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. If I could just clarify the three-year EPS growth. I know you answered the question earlier. I just want to make sure that when you talk about that as kind of 13% relative to let’s say, I think, your 2013 analyst day, if that inclusive of the I guess 0% to 3% EPS guidance that you have in place for this year, that it’s not in adjusted kind of 13%. I just want to make sure we’re understanding that properly.
