Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John. I want to start by recognizing our global associates for their continued hard work and dedication to TJX. Again, I want to give special recognition to our store, distribution, and fulfillment center associates for the commitment to our company. Now, to our business update and third quarter results. I am extremely pleased with our third quarter performance as sales, profitability, and earnings per share all exceeded our expectations. Our 6% overall comp sales increase was entirely driven by customer traffic, which was up at all of our divisions. Marmaxx, our largest division, continued its strong momentum by once again delivering terrific increases in both comp sales and customer traffic. In the third quarter, our apparel sales remained very strong and sales for overall home were outstanding, accelerating sequentially versus the second quarter, particularly at HomeGoods. We also saw comp sales and traffic increases at our Canadian and International divisions. Importantly, overall merchandise margin remains very healthy. Our excellent third quarter results are a testament to the strong execution of our teams across the Company and their continued focus on growing both, our top and bottom lines. With our above-plan results in the third quarter, we are raising our full year outlook for comp sales and earnings per share. John will talk to this in a moment. The fourth quarter is off to a strong start and we continue to see outstanding availability of merchandise across a wide range of brands in the marketplace. This gives us great confidence that we can keep flowing a fresh assortment to our stores and online throughout the holiday season and beyond. Longer term, I am convinced that the flexibility of our business model, our wide demographic reach and our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience will continue to serve us well and allow us to keep growing successfully in the United States and internationally. Okay. Before I continue, I’ll turn the call over to John to cover our third quarter financial results in more detail.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Lorraine, it’s obviously top of mind for all of our merchant teams in terms of how we’re retailing the goods and managing our inventory flow. And like anything else, those teams have -- just continuing to get better and better in terms of how we flow the merchandise. And one reason our merchandise has been a healthy margin year-to-date and last year is not only because of the way we bought it. It’s also the way our planning and allocation teams have flowed the goods, which has helped with our sales, of course, having the right goods in the right stores at the right time, but also in the way we float it. We have saved markdowns appropriately in categories. So we’re very bullish on that. I think, the -- we mean more to the vendors today than ever before. And I think that’s another facet of why we’re very bullish on where our merchandise margins can go. And I think John, when he’s mentioning that, you’re ultimately talking about market share with store closures, et cetera. But even if those fall off, we’re not anticipating stores close at the same rate. We still have a base now of customers and a value umbrella, which I think what John was talking about is, we are positioned with tremendous opportunities to still show our 20% to 60% off and still retail goods advantageously, I would say, and then still buy better with all of the availability that’s out there. So multiple factors going on. All going back to why I would say we are always happy to see a seasoned buying team like we have with such consistency and tenure over the years, this is what allows you to sleep at night and know you’re going to take advantage of those opportunities with the vendor community.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Paul. And I’ll jump in there as well. I’ll tell you another place where I think we have an advantage on merchandise margin going forward is in our home business. So our home business, as you can tell from these results, which we are very bullish on, we feel is going to be very contrarian to the marketplace and much healthier than the marketplace. And with that, based on the momentum that we’ve seen -- you could see it improving every quarter. John and I have talked about it every quarter. And then coming out of this quarter with a 9 comp and HomeGoods is just way above the market. But our Marmaxx home business is very healthy. And our other home business and the other divisions have improved as well. That is an area where we think there’s specifically a margin opportunity because some of our margin is on the mix of departments within TJX. And as home now going forward over the next couple of years, we’re anticipating that to kind of grow in percent of total for us. I think that’s going to help our merchandise margin in total TJX. So, just that’s why that’s another bright spot in terms of merchandise margin directly.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Adrienne. It’s ironic that the two people sitting here with me, we’ve talked about this yesterday as we were kind of talking -- prepping for the call. Ironically, when we’re always saying there is a -- I don’t know, we’ve used all different types of words, phenomenal availability. I don’t know if we used plethora of stores [ph] out there. We haven’t used that one yet. But then we keep getting pleasantly surprised because the world -- how do I put this, a world that has a lot going on in terms of instability and trends in different retail around domestically and globally just continues to create more spill-off. Part of that is a lot of these companies that would like to -- they’re public companies. They cannot back off trying to push the envelope to grow. And so, for whatever reason, I understand how one might one season be able to cut back successfully. But over the course of multiple seasons and in total, with the 21,000 vendors, where it always ebbs and flows by vendor, there’s just always more. And I can’t picture in this environment where the sales projections are so erratic that there won’t be more. And I’ll go to one other key point, which is the e-com business. So the e-com business, we’ve talked about this before, Adrienne, not with just yourself but the group, is that e-com has created more spill-off. Well, the e-com, if you look at the volatility in e-com trends over the last 12 months, some of the -- especially in apparel, their forecasts have been way off from where they’re trending because I think the e-com business is a little bit more fickle. So I think that’s going to actually spill off more than what some of the more traditional brick-and-mortar vendors might be able to pull back on. So, I just see it staying at similar levels of tremendous availability.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, great questions, Matt. Let me -- I’ll go to the scale of the model, specifically in apparel, and then I’ll let John take the other part. But the -- yes, we do look at it that way because also some of the competitors, specifically brick-and-mortar out there have not done a good job in apparel. And we have had a consistently pretty healthy apparel business that makes us feel like, again, market share opportunity, which is what you’re talking about. We have looked -- we’ve already started looking at our apparel plans for the spring season in identifying which pockets of apparel and which areas -- in which parts of the country, by the way, we think, have opportunities for us to almost take the market share from items and categories that aren’t being serviced by the competition anymore as much as they used to. So, I don’t want to give you the exact categories, but there’s a handful of categories, by the way, which happen to skew a little younger in our customer audience, so we get a bit of a win-win there, Matt, in terms of the categories we go after. But that is our objective, not just in home but to continue to exploit the apparel opportunity that’s out there. The other neat thing that’s happening is because of department store and specialty store and online business not being as healthy in apparel, some of those key brands are more interested in doing more additional SKUs with us than in the past. So, we’re getting wider assortments in some of the brands that we’ve always had, but we’re able to get wider assortments there, which also helps our treasure hunt and our ability to do more business there and keep the turns healthy. So John, on the...
Ernie Herrman: Yes. We do surveys and we get data on perception. Our perception right now is actually -- has improved on their perception of our values relative to others.
Ernie Herrman: I mean, yes, look, we’re very pleased about driving a 7 comp entirely through traffic. We’ve seen nice benefit from the freight. But look, we have -- we’re continuing to see this year. I mean we’ve had headwinds on supply chain and wage, so. But we feel really good about where we are, as far as a pretax profit margin being up 50 basis points versus last year.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Dana, that was a classic -- right in the sweet spot of a merchant question right there. Strategically, I would say, yes and yes. The reduction and their ordering just -- it’s a little similar to what we spoke about earlier, where we’re becoming a little more important to most of the brands. And I think with a lot of them talking about cutting back, I think they’re going to look to us as a way to kind of even off that up and down roller coaster ride, which they don’t want to typically see in their business. So, we buy in a lot of different ways. And our teams right now and many of those pockets of businesses are in talks with some of these vendors to figure out how to do what’s a mutually beneficial, as we actually said in the script, what’s been really neat to see, ever since -- it was true prior to COVID, but I think even more so post-COVID, that our buyers are great at figuring out the mutually beneficial way to work with a vendor. And the vendors love our buyers for that reason because we figure out opportunities that are good for them and good for us. And that’s -- this is a classic case where this is happening to many pockets of business around it. We think it better positions us. And it also -- we’re allowed to kind of more tailor it to the brands that we think work to balance off our good, better, best, which I think is also what you’re touching on there, indirectly.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think -- well, probably a couple new or more of expanding ones that have been not nearly as big as they could have been. So, what we see probably -- yes, we always see new ones. But Dana, what we’re seeing now is we’ve had some -- again, we don’t talk publicly -- we don’t announce to competition what are really helped driving our comps because obviously, they’re very healthy. But what we’re seeing is there’s a few categories that have been so good. We are just looking at now in terms of moving even more staff into them, how to even explode them to a much larger degree. And that’s how we’re -- so I would say that is more of what’s going on right now. It’s a little what you’re talking about, but it’s more about these big families of business that we are really driving increases with. We think we can do even more, by making sure we have the right buying team as I can get market coverage. And by the way, again, I mentioned it earlier on the call, our planning teams are essential. When we explore a category in a department, they’re the ones that help the store, and the stores get it all set up appropriately. They are the ones that really help the stores and the buyers get the goods to the stores in the right manner, to actually drive those sales. So, we have -- two or three categories at a high level, I’m thinking of that are going to be huge impact for us for next year. Again, ones we’re already doing, but nearly not up to the degree we can drive. So, big opportunities.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So the costs associated with that were mainly cost to shut the business down. And moving forward, we would expect next year that this would be slightly accretive. I mean, don’t forget, the homegoods.com was not a big portion of our overall business, so. But yes, the pace that it is, it would be accretive.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, very broad. In fact, we talk about those. So one of the things that we’re very bullish about is how broadly and diversified our traffic is from income and age groups, and it’s very balanced where it’s been. Obviously, we’ve had a greater percent of younger customers growing over the last, I don’t know, three to five years, I guess, you’d say. But of recent, we’re very happy with how broad the customer traffic draw has been.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, which I think you were just asking about as well. So very -- also a great barometer that we’re reflecting the younger demos, but in balance, it’s grown, but it’s all very balanced by group and income demographics.
Ernie Herrman: Ed, you guys are full with good merchant questions and observations today. This is very good. Yes. That’s a good example. You can visibly see it, obviously, right? And what happens in a situation like that is we do show -- it’s not typical off-price. But as you know, if you walk that area, we’re showing very strong values and an eclectic mix and one that’s changing its classic treasure hunt. And we have a few of those type of businesses around the store. That’s one that you’ve probably walked in and seen some new fixturing, et cetera. And so, you are touching on the type of business where we really go after it. Those vendor relationships are great. We have buying teams in the beauty area that have really worked well with the market. And they’re always looking for new items and/or SKUs and/or categories within that whole family of business, to continue to do more. I won’t talk about the couple of others because we have others within the store that we can explode as well and go after very aggressively. So, I hope that answers your question, though. We have a lot. This is how we look where there’s demand and where we can really take market share and offer tremendous value in brands, and that is one of them.
Ernie Herrman: Okay. Ivy, thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you again on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. Everybody, take care. Bye.
John Klinger: Yes. I mean, the top thing is continuing to drive our top line sales is important. And where we see opportunities as other retailers increase their average retails, we can hold our 20% to 60% value gap and raise ours as well.
John Klinger: Yes. So on freight, so compared to FY20, we lost 300 basis points, and so we’ve gotten back about two-thirds of that. We’ve done it through -- obviously, the rates that we’ve negotiated, have been favorable. And we had some benefit from our year-over-year accrual, but we’re also implementing a lot of initiatives to try to be as efficient as we can in our freight. So, some of those initiatives are how we move the merchandise from ports to our DCs, from the DCs to stores. So, that’s where we’ve seen a lot of benefit as well. Going forward, so there’s a bit of stickiness in the freight costs. As we’ve seen this year, there was a rail strike. So, wages went up on rail salaries, truck driver salaries have gone up. So, there’s a bit of stickiness in the domestic freight, which is the lion’s share of our freight rate. So, we don’t believe at this point now that we’ll get back all of the freight, but we’ll continue to look at ways to be as efficient as we can on the freight rate going forward. And just to remind you, a lot of the freight benefit that we’re seeing this year has been a pull forward of what we expected to see in FY25. So, we’re seeing a lion’s share of that coming in FY24. And so, for FY25, again, it’s about looking for ways to be more efficient with initiatives internally.
John Klinger: So the underlying merch margin, so Marmaxx was up. We did see a bit of headwind in FX rates for Canada and Europe. But we’re seeing a benefit in the Marmaxx division.
John Klinger: Yes. And Ernie talked about the importance we have with our vendors. We add thousands of vendors every year. So again, we’re just becoming that more important to the marketplace.
John Klinger: Matt, so just to answer your second part of your question, I’d say we’re -- first of all, we’re very pleased to get back to really -- we’re forecasting to be beyond where we were in FY20 pretax profit margin. And again, that’s with approximately 100 basis points of more freight headwind. As I said earlier in the call, we’ve probably gotten back two-thirds of our freight from where we were. So, that really speaks to the performance of our merchandise margin versus FY20. But going forward, we are not going to be complacent. We’re always going to strive to improve our profitability. And again, the best way to improve our profitability is with our outsized sales and controlling our costs. So, that’s -- we’re laser-focused on that part of it.
John Klinger: Yes. So, the cadence of the quarter, August and September were strong. The October, when the warmer weather did set in, and I’ll add in there, the geopolitical events that are also taking place, we did see our trend a little bit of a drop from our August, September trend. But when we saw the weather cooled down, towards the end of October, we saw our sales trends return, so. And again, we’re -- our fourth quarter is off to a strong start, as we said in our -- not only our earnings release, but also our prepared remarks this morning.
John Klinger: So, as far as what we saw in tickets, so again, our sales were driven by transactions. As expected, we did see a drop in our ticket that was offset by -- partially offset by additional units as we’ve seen historically. But again, the important thing is driving that top line through transactions we feel is a very healthy way for us to drive our business. And again, that ticket drop is due to mix. It’s mix related within category, so.
John Klinger: And look, our customers are telling us that their value perception of us remains very strong, which is -- again, is key.
John Klinger: I mean, so SG&A for the fourth quarter is primarily due to incremental store wage and payroll costs and higher incentive accruals. When we look out next year, while we haven’t completed our planning process, we would expect that we would not see the increases that we saw this year. And again, we’re not giving guidance, but that’s what we would expect. And I would say that as far as the leverage point, I would say that that’s unchanged from what we’ve said.
John Klinger: I mean, look, the cost structure, as we’ve said before is -- it has a higher freight rate. So, when we talk about getting back only two-thirds of the freight, HomeGoods is going to be a little bit more impacted on the freight line. But again, it’s similar -- the headwinds are similar when we talk about store wage and payroll costs and supply chain investments. So look, we’re really pleased with the improvements we’ve made to HomeGoods bottom line throughout the year. And looking out, we’re focused on continuing to drive that bottom line.
