Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks Sherry, and good morning again, and joining me on the call today are with Sherry is Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. So let me start by saying that its great to see our strong momentum continue. We delivered another quarter of above planned results with earnings per share up 63% over last year. You should note that we achieved these strong results on top of comparisons that were quite a bit more challenging than most other retailers faced. Our customer traffic continued to increase significantly which we believe indicates that consumers will remain focused on value regardless of the economic environment. Our strategy to retain new customers and continue growing our customer base are clearly working.  I’m going to keep my comments brief today and reiterate the reasons for our confidence in our sustainable profitable growth then update you on our strong first quarter results. I will also discuss our outlook for the second quarter and opportunities in 2010. We will continue to run the business conservatively, keeping inventories lean and reducing costs.  At the same time we are extremely focused on keeping our new customers that we’ve been gaining and have many initiatives under way across the company to drive results beyond our plans. We continue to have tremendous opportunities for global growth.  Before I continue let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap the numbers for the first quarter. 
Carol Meyrowitz: One more comment to that, in terms of the average retail we are seeing it moving in a positive direction but I want to be very careful here because our job is to always give the best value we can. So we don’t know what that’s going to look like going towards the back half. It could be up and could be down.  So we’re more focused on value than anything. 
Carol Meyrowitz: In terms of traffic what we have done is we’ve pushed our marketing plans pretty aggressively in the back half. We also have probably, we have 110 out of the 400 stores that we’re remodeling done so its very back half driven, along with many merchandise initiatives that we have in place.  So we are being pretty aggressive in the back half and because of the comps, we had such strong comps last year we’re being very prudent in terms of planning it. But I have a lot of confidence in the back half and I think we’re doing all the right things. 
Carol Meyrowitz: We don’t give you the exact number but we’re slightly up, in dollars we’re up. But more importantly in terms of penetration we’re being very aggressive. You are going to see our [grips] way up in the back half. 
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all our new store investment in the UK is half the stores and we’re up to over 50 stores. Half of the stores will be in the first half and you’ve got to remember that even in the first quarter about 80% to 88% of our sales are done in the back half in the UK. So they are effected more dramatically by the new stores and the remodels in the first quarter, in the first half.  In terms of the availability of goods, we’re very pleased with what we’re seeing. We have shut down the team many times through the quarter so there’s certainly not a lack of availability and I believe that in terms of our inventory levels we have many divisions that are leaner than other divisions so that we think we have some still improvements to be made there.  But more importantly we have invested and continue to invest in our supply chain and that is allowing us to buy closer to need and it will allow us to continuously do a better job of transitioning the seasons and shipping the right goods to the right stores. So its not just about bringing the inventory down, its really about the mix and how the mix hits the stores by region and by zone.  So we still think we have quite a bit of potential. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Also in terms of weather in the first quarter the home businesses and the non-apparel businesses were absolutely [inaudible] and the same thing in Europe, so we clearly believe that we do have a bit of a weather issue and that did hurt the pace there. 
Carol Meyrowitz: In terms of the traffic we’re really up in all divisions. The traffic has been accelerating, its actually accelerated since the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: Not really, we’re really slightly down across the board. But it is come back since the back half but its definitely moving in a more positive direction since the back half. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Well Marmaxx remember Marmaxx is still against very high sales in the back half so the commitments are really pretty lean when you look at it against last year. So I think we couldn’t be in better shape and the turns are faster than they’ve ever been before so I’m very, very comfortable with our commitments.  We came into May, we made a very conscious decision to keep May very, very lean and we did that as we saw last May was a very hot May. Last June was a very cold June. We’re starting to see the opposite and what’s beautiful about our business is you can obviously shut it off pretty quickly so we made a very conscious decision and we decided to strategize to keep May very lean and then go much stronger and ship fresh goods in June, shorts and bathing suits and much more summer product a little bit later this year. And those are the things that we’re learning. We got hurt a little bit in the UK because we came in too summer and then we kind of came back with a little bit of the wrong transition and now we’re getting ourselves back in line and we’re in great shape. So that’s the beauty of the flexibility. So we’re very, very comfortable. I’m very happy we’re as lean as we are in May and I think we’ve made the absolute proper commitments going forward. So, I think our flow is going to be terrific. 
Carol Meyrowitz: We really don’t, we don’t talk about the percentages. We’re very pleased, we’re also very pleased with the customers’ reaction so we will continue with this program. We also have tested the remodels across all our divisions done in slightly different ways and we’re seeing the same type of lift. But I apologize, we really don’t give you that number. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Honestly our home business is very strong across the board. Its really both soft home, gift giving, hard home, it is, we really don’t have too many categories that are soft. I think that home in general out there is stronger. I think there’s a weather factor here. But I think more importantly for TJX, I am absolutely thrilled with the mix and I think our values are better than ever.  And I think they’re going to continue that. We are sourcing in some amazing new countries and there is such a stream amount of newness that I believe our trends will continue. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Again our customer, our increase in customer trend in new customers is continuing. So we really saw a huge lift last year, we’re continuing to see that lift going forward and as we said before we’re doing everything possible to keep all of these new customers and continue it into the back half. So we again we don't divide up our transactions and our number of customers but I can tell you that its absolutely accelerating. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Our main plan is not based on the Memorial Day, its really based on where we see the business. In terms of categories, we continue to, our accessories business, our shoe business continues to be very strong. Our junior business with the cube is absolutely exceptional and our men’s business is coming around which last year our men’s business we weren’t as happy with. So we’re starting to see some terrific progress there, which bodes well for Father’s Day. So we’re pretty excited about that. That’s basically this year versus last year, what’s happening, along with a couple of new categories which I won’t mention. 
Carol Meyrowitz: And I also might add that HomeGoods four wall contribution has increased significantly so first quarter things are, its been tremendous. So we believe that there may be some additional growth in terms of store count in HomeGoods in the future. 
Carol Meyrowitz: There’s a lot of talk about cotton prices increasing, wool prices increasing, any increase obviously to us is beneficial and that if your average ticket goes up, its beneficial to us in terms of costs through our DC’s, comps, all of that. And I keep coming back to our job is to gap between where everybody else is and where we are.  So whether the cost for apparel is finally not deflationary but inflationary it will certainly benefit TJX. If you’re asking about the quality of the goods in the marketplace I think we’re feeling very good about it. 
Carol Meyrowitz: We are hearing production increasing a bit, so it will be interesting to see what happens in the back half. 
Carol Meyrowitz: And with our investment we’re still for the year feeling that the European businesses will certainly again have a positive on pre-tax. 
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all for June I guess I’ll just answer it by saying I hope so. And then as far as the back half goes there is nothing going on on a one-time basis at all. I think its very, very prudent to plan the back half conservatively and our whole goal initially for the year, we are going off of a very aggressive year not to plan the back half conservatively I don’t think would be a smart thing to do.  So as always we strive to beat our plans. I think we have a lot of initiatives going. I obviously personally would not be happy if we didn’t beat those plans. But I really think it’s the right thing to do and it’s the right way to plan the business. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Absolutely, from day one I really wanted to get the back half planned flat to down and I think we’re in a great place. 
Carol Meyrowitz: And marketing spend is slightly up but the impressions are very aggressively up for the back half. So you’ll be seeing a lot of us. 
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all we have a huge office in Italy, we have people on the ground in India. We have people in China. We have people in the UK. We have over 100 people in Germany and everybody does buy together so we leverage the corporation so we are absolutely, which is part of what we talk about when we say we’re really a supply chain company.  We take advantage of all of it. If we have to pay in euros, and pounds, or dollars, we do it, whatever is advantageous. So we absolutely are taking full advantage of that. 
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all last May was our highest comp in the quarter that we’re up against so between that and the shift I think that’s the way we should be planning it and we are. In terms of the UK you can always ask the question is it weather or is it execution, the UK obviously the economy was pretty bad a year ago. They got hit as dramatically as the US did so I really, as I hate to use that as an excuse, there’s very clearly categories that are working that read to weather. We know what the mix was. We know how we transitioned and it was completely the opposite weather pattern of a year ago. And we also know the things that we do in terms of execution and what we can fix. Having said that they did have a drop in sales in the UK to plan but their margins were pretty much the same so they did a pretty good job of that and that’s by keeping lean inventories.  So my answer to that is that I think that some of it is our own doing and some of it is the weather. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes it has and as a matter of fact we are hitting a lot of new countries so we are seeing that and again I just think its making the mix very, very eclectic and interesting. So that continues to happen. We’re very pleased. I want to thank everyone and we look forward to giving you the Q2 results and thank you again.
Jeff Naylor: Thanks Carol, good morning everybody. Just to recap the first quarter results, our net sales reached $5 billion, that’s a 15% increase over last year. Our consolidated comparable store sales were up 9% on top of last year’s 2% increase.  Diluted earnings per share were $0.80, that’s up 63% over last year’s $0.49 per share and I should mention that foreign currency exchange rate had a slightly positive effect on the year over year growth.  Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 10.7%, that’s up 290 basis points over prior year and that was driven by continued strong merchandise margins, expense leverage on the 9% comp, and solid expense controls.  Foreign currency exchange rates did not meaningfully impact our pre-tax margin comparisons. The gross profit margin was 250 basis points above last year and that reflects strong merchandise margins and significant leverage on buying and occupancy expenses. SG&A expense improved 50 basis points to 16.4% as a percent of sales which is well favorable to our plans. This was achieved despite the deleveraging impact from investments in our European businesses, as well as a lower average retail both of which we discussed on our year-end conference call.  SG&A expense on a dollar basis was in line with our plans despite approximately $170 million in incremental sales above our plan, as we saw very high flow through to the bottom line due in part to the expense controls I mentioned earlier.  As to inventories, at the end of the first quarter consolidated inventories on a per store basis including the warehouses were down 12% and that’s despite the impact of foreign currency which actually increased inventory levels by 2%. So we were down 12 despite foreign currency pushing up the inventory levels by 2%.  At Marmaxx our total inventory commitment including the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order was slightly up versus last year on a per store basis, and as we’ve discussed on our prior calls we expect Marmaxx’s inventory commitments to be flat to up slightly throughout the first half of this year given the much stronger pace of our business compared to last year.  Its important to note that we continue to run the business with very lean inventories and the slight increase in inventory commitments at Marmaxx remains far below the rate of sales and our owned inventories in the stores and DC’s are down considerably over prior year levels.  So that’s the recap of the first quarter, let me turn it back to Carol and I’ll come back at the end to cover second quarter guidance. 
Jeff Naylor: Thanks Carol, so let me provide some details on our second quarter guidance, as Carol mentioned for the second quarter we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.67 to $0.72 and that’s a 10% to 18% increase over the $0.61 per share last year.  We’re assuming a second quarter top line of approximately $5.1 billion with a comp sales increase of 2% to 4% on a consolidated basis, and 2% to 4% at the Marmaxx group. As to monthly comps we’re planning for comp sales increases of 1% to 2% in May, 2% to 4% in June, and 2% to 4% in July.  These comp increases are the same for TJX on a consolidated basis and for the Marmaxx group. Pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 8.9% to 9.4% range which represents a 20 to 70 basis point increase on top of last year’s 130 basis point increase. We’re anticipating second quarter gross profit margin in the range of 25.9% to 26.2% which represents a 30 to 60 basis point increase over last year. I should note this improvement is on top of significant increases last year and is driven by improved merchandising margins as we continue to capitalize on the opportunities Carol mentioned earlier.  We anticipate SG&A as a percent of sales to be about 16.7% to 16.8% which is flat to 10 basis points above last year. The slight decrease in leverage is due to investments in our European business, a lower average retail, and the expense of opening new stores and the expense of remodels that we’re doing, most of which also impacted Q1 and all of which were anticipated in our original plans. For modeling purposes, we’re anticipating a tax rate of 38.6% which is higher than last year and negatively impacts EPS growth by two pennies. We’re also planning net interest expense in the $10 to $11 million range, corporate expenses in the $39 to $41 million range, and weighted average shares of approximately 413 million.  Now let me turn to the full year, for the full year we’re now expecting earnings per share to be in the $3.21 to $3.32 per share range, an increase of 13% to 17% over the $2.84 per share in the prior year. Here are the key changes versus the model we gave you at the beginning of the year, first we now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 2% to 3%, which is up slightly versus our prior guidance of plus 1% to plus 2%.  We now expect pre-tax profit margins to be 9.9% to 10.2%, that’s up 30 to 60 basis points over last year and is 40 basis points above our original guidance. This revised outlook assumes gross profit margins up 20 to 30 basis points over prior year and SG&A rates improving 10 to 20 basis points and again, both of these assumptions are favorable to the original guidance that we gave.  While we’re not providing quarterly guidance beyond the second quarter the model assumes flat to slightly negative comps in the back half of this year as we anniversary strong numbers. As Carol mentioned earlier, we have many opportunities to do better but believe this is the prudent way to plan our business.  We’ll now open it for questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person and to keep the call on schedule we’re going to continue to enforce our one question limit. After you ask your one question if you’d like to, you can get back in the queue and ask another one.  We appreciate your cooperation and thanks, and we’ll open it up now. 
Jeff Naylor: I think on the average unit retail, we were down low to mid single-digits in the quarter and we’re seeing that moderate somewhat, but we continue to plan it down slightly and obviously with a lower average unit retail you have to move more units to do the same level of sales which puts pressure on DC and store costs.  We built some of that into the guidance. In terms of the gross profit, we’ve got 30 to 60 basis points of improvement on top of last year’s 130, if you actually look at the gross profit margin over the last three years, so in the first quarter if you look over the last three years, we’ve had 240 basis points improvement in the gross profit margin.  If you look at what we’re guiding to in the second quarter, it would be about 210 to 240 basis points over that same three period. So its not out of line with the historical trend, that said as Carol mentioned we always try to set our guidance at reasonable levels and obviously have plans in place to beat it.  And I think the low inventory levels that we have coming into the quarter certainly set us up in terms of turning faster and having lower markdowns. But that’s the way we set the guidance. 
Jeff Naylor: In terms of Forex, I’ll deal first with sales, sales were up 15% in the first quarter, Forex was worth about three points of that. In the second quarter Forex is worth about one point of our revenue growth will come from Forex in the second quarter at current rates.  And in the last six months its really a non issue [inaudible] of our sales growth. In terms of EPS in the first quarter Forex benefited EPS by a penny compared to a two-cent hit last year. For the second quarter we’re anticipating a one-cent benefit this year against the one cent hit last year and in the second half we’re anticipating it to be relatively neutral from an EPS standpoint versus a one-cent benefit last year.  So you can see really from an EPS standpoint its pretty neutral on the year, pretty much a non issue and has a slight impact on sales although that moderates as we go through the year. Now that again, that assumes that the exchange rates stay where they are today which is typically how we would forecast our business. Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: And just as a follow-up what’s the marketing investment change in the second half year over year that Carol mentioned. 
Jeff Naylor: Just to add to your comments on Europe Carol mentioned the same quarter from a sales standpoint, from a profit standpoint we make about 5% of our profits in Europe in the first quarter whereas total TJX is about 20% to 25%. So it’s a thin quarter. In terms of the impact of the new businesses, in terms of the UK and Ireland our profit dollars and our segment margins were essentially flat year over year. We had a miss on sales, our gross margins were essentially flat because of the flexibility in our business model, we’re able to adjust. If you then look at Poland, Germany, and HomeSense, slightly higher levels of loss/investment versus last year, that was all anticipated though, and is in line with our plan.  Germany remains very, very much on track to earn a profit this year and Poland and HomeSense we think will be near break even. So we remain confident in those businesses and they’re really on track with what we’re seeing so far.  
Jeff Naylor: About 75% to 80% of the gross margin, 250 basis point improvement in the first quarter, 75%, 80% of that was merchandise margin. The balance was buying and occupancy.  
Jeff Naylor: We don’t want to break that too fine but suffice it to say that we get strong returns and pay backs on the investments we’re making and importantly most of the remodels are going to be done by the end of the second quarter so that does help us as we get into the back half in terms of lapping up against the numbers that we are lapping up against. 
Jeff Naylor: Our comp, as Carol mentioned the customer count has actually accelerated into the first quarter so when we look at transaction growth its accelerating and a big chunk of that is coming from new customers and they’re coming from all over the place. As Carol mentioned in her prepared remarks we’re really broadening the demographic reach and we’re also seeing some of those customers very high both intent to repurchase as well as when we look at credit card data, we actually see those new customers are in fact coming back in, in large large numbers to, for a second visit and sometimes more visits.  So we’re very encouraged by what we’ve seen in terms of the level of trial we’re getting from new customers and the level of repeat business we’re getting from those customers as well. 
Jeff Naylor: On the shift, its not as significant for us as it is for other retailers because we don’t have large promotional events. So, it ends up being relatively minor. I think we would classify it as less than a point. The other thing that benefits June is that we’ve got a little bit of a shift in the Fourth of July where with the holiday moving out of June into July that will probably help the June comps because there aren’t a lot of people that, traffic tends to be down on the day that people have off as they do—so it’s a little bit of a benefit to June but its no where near as material as you’d expect it to be from other retailers who promote heavily around the holiday. 
Jeff Naylor: No not really because it wasn’t until really into the later part of the second and the third and the fourth when we started booking heavier incentive comp impacts. It really didn’t have any basis point impact at all on G&A this year versus last year. Because that impact would have come later in the year. 
Jeff Naylor: We kind of look at it for, we tend to look at the leverage point for total expenses rather than splitting it. The buying and occupancy SG&A split is something we do for the external reporting. Internally we look at our business merchandise margins and expenses, our expenses the leverage point typically its sort of in the low 3’s, 3, 3.25 in that range. What we’ve done over the past is that we have enough cost reduction though that we’ve been able to reduce the leverage point down to 2.5% or slightly below and we’ve done that again this year as you can see from the full year guidance, we’re getting leverage at 2 and 3 comps more than you’d ordinarily, a little bit more than you’d expect given 3, 3.5% inflation rate.  In terms of B&O as we go through the year we do have an impact in the back half from, we combine these because we’ve got new store openings that in the back half of the year we think have about a 10 to a 20 basis point hit that we’re taking and that’s primarily from the costs that we incur prior to opening the stores.  But that’s got about a 10 to 20 basis point impact in the back half of the year. 
Jeff Naylor: On the merchandise margin in the back half its essentially flat is where we plan the merchandise margin to LY and that’s what’s implied in the guidance. 
Jeff Naylor: We’re not public on the numbers per say but the four wall profitability in our core UK business is pretty comparable to Marmaxx. HomeGoods and A.J. Wright are slightly below where Marmaxx is but still at levels that give us very strong returns on invested capital and as we mentioned before A.J. Wright’s four wall contribution is increased significantly over the last four years and is actually above the level we need to have a model and have the confidence to roll that business out.  When we look at Germany its early days right because we’ve got four or five stores in Germany that are two years old and we’ve got four stores in Germany that are one year old. And we’ve got another 15 stores that are just beginning their second year. What’s interesting is we’re seeing contribution margins not that far below T.K. Maxx, T.K. Maxx is UK stores. And we’ve commented on that, that’s one of the things that really makes us excited about Germany, that we’ve seen sales in an average store in Germany comparable to the UK. The stores are a little bit smaller so they tend to be a little bit more productive. We’re seeing turns in gross margins very comparable to the UK.  And so the four wall economics in Germany have really surprised us on the upside which is why we’ve gone and we’re going as aggressively as we’re going. What that matures to its hard to say because we’re dealing with four wall contributions now that are points below the UK but there’s still a lot of maturity ahead of us in those stores that could in fact bring that store contribution margin up to the UK levels and maybe even beyond.  Poland is just too early to say, our stores in Poland have been open for six months now. We like what we’re seeing but I think its too early to comment on four wall contribution margins until they lap their first year. 
Jeff Naylor: We’re comfortable with that general range. With the UK we’ve, we originally thought that was an 8% to 9% business, that’s a business that was almost at 9 last year with still store growth ahead of it and as we grow UK we can leverage the cost in the UK against the growth in Germany, Poland, and other countries that we may enter.  So, and with the strong contribution margins we’re seeing out of Germany yes I think we continue to feel comfortable with that range.
Jeff Naylor: I think as we look on a full year basis, so we aren’t providing a lot of specific guidance but I think in terms of color this year versus last year on a full year basis we continue to, we believe that the segment margins will be up at Marmaxx. We believe they’ll be up at Canada, Canada if you recall we had a currency hit last year so we would expect that to be up. We’re expecting Europe to be flat to slightly up full year and that’s with the investments we’re making in the three new businesses.  HomeGoods is clearly up and A.J. clearly up and as I mentioned for the total company for the full year the pre-tax margin up 30 to 60 basis points and that’s really coming from a mix between the gross profit margin and some SG&A leverage for the full year. That’s kind of a quick snapshot of how the full year guidance looks. 
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I actually don’t have those numbers here in front of me, I apologize. Last year given the strength of the comp in the back half I would have expected that we would have had more buying and occupancy leverage than we’re showing. Right now we had a 10 comp in the back half which would have, particularly the 12 comp in the fourth quarter we would in all likelihood would have seen more buying and occupancy leverage then we’re seeing right now.  But I apologize, I just don’t, you stumped me with the one question I don’t have the numbers in my book. So we’ll have to respond to that offline. 
