Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I’m very pleased with our second quarter results. Consolidated comp-store sales grew a strong 4% over a 6% increase last year and above our plan. This marks the 30th consecutive quarter of comp growth for TJX. We are thrilled that the comp was once again driven almost entirely by customer traffic. This is also the seventh consecutive quarter that traffic was the primary driver of our comp increase. In addition, it was great to see the traffic was the primary driver of the comp increases at all four major divisions as our great brands, amazing values and eclectic merchandise mix keep resonating with consumers. We are convinced that we are attracting new customers, driving more frequent visits to our stores and gaining market share. Further, we are pleased with the strong performance across our apparel areas, including accessories and home businesses. Earnings per share increased 5%, well above our expectations and over a strong increase last year. We achieved these results despite significant headwinds from wage increases and investments to support our growth. Further, we were extremely pleased with our strong merchandise margin increase despite a significant impact from transactional foreign exchange. Our results once again demonstrate the power of our flexible business model and our ability to execute across many different retail environments. With our strong second quarter performance, we are raising our full-year comp and EPS guidance. Looking ahead, the third quarter is off to a solid start, and we have many initiatives planned for the back half of the year to keep driving traffic and sales. We are confident we will achieve our goals and as always, our management team will strive to surpass them. We see many near and long-term opportunities for growth and are well on our way to growing TJX to a $40 billion-plus company. Before I continue, I’ll turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter numbers.
Ernie Herrman: In general. Well and we kind of put this in the script, and it’s something we don’t like too many specifics on, but the markets have an exceptional amount of goods. The markets always have a lot of goods. So we just right now, I would say have had to be very diligent on holding back our buyers and not buying too soon. We always have to do that. I would say that we probably had a ramp that effort up a little more strongly than we have in the past only because of the environment out there is yielding a little bit more than we typically would see, especially at this time period. Right now, it’s not exactly the time period you would see so much, but there is quite a bit out there. So yes, a lot of opportunities in it not one area, not one price zone, not like moderate or better, a little bit across the board. And so one thing we’ve strategically done is we leaned up our inventories to more of a flat level so that we could take advantage of this marketplace. Because the marketplace is so flushed with goods, we thought it was a good time to actually lean up our inventories a little bit more than we had been running. So that’s one reason you saw a little shift there where even a little bit more liquid than we were three months or six months ago.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Ike, let me jump in, and I think Scott will probably jump in right after. You make a great – it’s interesting what you’re asking is somewhat of a question, somewhat of a statement. When you think about how we handle e-com and to your point, e-com, and I think we said it many, many times, it’s a relatively small portion of our business. And we specifically, under the heading of what you’re really kind of talking about is looking at it in the total. We look at the opportunity, we weigh out the effort involved and certainly, the expense or profitability involved. And we say we want to take it step-by-step. And that is what we have done with our e-com business really to your question/statement. And Scott, I don’t know if you have anything to add there, but that’s really strategically how we look at that piece of the business and it would fall under the heading, I think you were talking about is something that you don’t feel too heavily. Although we’re happy with the way it’s going.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. To that point, by the way, it’s a little bit of a tangent, but when we look at the Europe environment, and Scott was just touching on it, we feel like there are real estate opportunities for acquiring real estate sites as well as merchandising and sales, market share opportunity. So that’s another interesting dynamic that will take place.
Ernie Herrman: I don’t know. We have a few dynamics going on. I don’t know if this is the total answer, but one thing is we were up against a six comp in the second quarter, that’s one thing. Number two, when we talked about we’ve been open about this in our first quarter, we have when we ran a seven, we had a benefit of weather, which we – that helped us by a little bit and certainly we still had a very healthy comp. And then secondly, in our second quarter, because Europe is a piece of our business, we probably would have been a point higher in comp if Europe was more normalized. So if you take into account the pre-Brexit trend we had versus post, we would have been – and Scott has to run the numbers, we would have been a five. But I don’t know if that answers you. I don’t know what numbers you’re looking at. I guess, we look at it and we still say we ran up – at the end of the day, we ran a four comp on a six comp at the 10% two-year stack, and we feel pretty good about it.
Ernie Herrman: So Michael, I mean, if we’ve seen some articles, lower levels of promotions, which fairly could to be tied to leaner inventories I think that’s what you’re getting at that’s what some of the articles that talk to. If the retailers in general promote less, there’s for us that widens the gap. So what’s interesting is as we look at that as still market share opportunity. And probably a little bit of margin opportunity and that there’s still availability out there. It doesn’t mean we will raise retails on like-for-like items because we say it’s an opportunity so we’ve been better at value and passing on to the consumer. So I guess, bottom line, we don’t get that caught up in that as to what happens with those type of forecast or in reality. Over a longer-term, I guess, you would see us adjust some things if it happened over a six-month, nine-month period, but probably does not shift us much in the shorter-term.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I think you just summed it up well. Our focus would be – we think long-term, what we’re very, very happy about is long-term continuing to gain market share and do everything we talked about the store execution and the merchandise mix, driving that is our best form of marketing and long-term customer retention. And that’s for our long-term growth. So I guess, yes, we haven’t commented what the long-term model is, but we really are driven to beat the topline, that’s been our focus and drive traffic because we think long-term, over the next three to five years, that’s the best thing we can do, especially in this environment where consumers are fairly open to where they shop. So it’s a good time to keep acquiring new customers and increase frequency of our existing customers.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Jeff, the other thing – as you can imagine, when you have comps like we’ve been having up here, there’s not one answer because the comps are so significant. So a few things we believe playing into it. One is like as Scott said you have the cross-border purchasing retention whether not leaving the country as much and that can apply to also not spending out online right, so they could’ve spent more online before U.S. dollars so that stays there. But one of the important things that has happened is we talk a lot about our talent and how we’ve had such a push throughout our Company on building talent and merchant talent and our buying organization even in the script today we talked about competitive advantage. We have a team up there who now is really executing, I think, at a high level, and a lot of that is because about three years ago, we started putting a full-court press on developing that team and stretching them and putting in the type of training programs and seniority and tenure that we really wanted that we - at the time did not actually have up there as much as we have in some of our other businesses. So when you have a strong merchant team, which we do up there, merchandising and planning, and its more seasoned now, you start to reap some of the benefits, and I think that’s what we were also reaping last year as well as this year. Probably one of the biggest reasons I think is that merchant team up there.
Ernie Herrman: It’s primarily Marmaxx, but again, when you ask that question, adjusted, we bottom-up the ticket, so each division, it would tell you [worked out] to be Marmaxx to the largest degree, but it will – when we say it’s Marmaxx, it could change in a few months where we have the other divisions come down in ticket based on the dynamics where merchandise managers and buyers see an unknown area where they have an opportunity in a category or in buying something better. Again, we’ve had half of this fee from the mix not just from a buying the same item better. So that has spanned out, and it’s bottom-up though. So it’s not something we drive from here, so not only is it driven as divisions it’s driven down at the like middle management buyer level in a division.
Ernie Herrman: So our home trend obviously, as we’ve reported, is very healthy. And as we talk – as we talked many times, our merchants share best practices and share a lot of ideas and information as well as category performance. So those guys, like any of our teams, do share that information globally.
Ernie Herrman: Well, Oliver, let me say two good questions, both of which we really can’t give you the information on. Gift-giving is like we often say, we are poised strategically, and this is something we’ve looked at in all of the four major divisions. We’re poised to do a better job from – I can’t give you any specifics, but what I could say is from a how about this, from a merchandise mix perspective, on a marketing front as well as store execution. Because we have worked at all three of those factors and try to become more of a gift-giving destination. So years ago, as you would probably guess, T.J. Maxx maybe was not the coolest gift from. We are now today very cool place to buy a holiday gift from. And our marketing programs have really helped with that. The merchandise mix. The other thing we’ve done is because our supply chain is a better executed supply chain, we can turn goods around faster. So for holiday we have a lot of last-minute buys that now we can sprinkle in and get in pre-Christmas that we weren’t able to do before. So that’s something we talked about to you, but I think sometimes we forget to mention it again. So in addition to the strategic gift-giving marketing and store setup that we do and merchandise mix that this year we have some more, I would say fashion oriented categories that I think are going to be great impulse buys I think for the consumers. We’re going to also have the quick turnaround from the market closer in unpredictable buys. I think it will create just a more exciting fourth quarter business. And what I just said to you it applies to all four divisions. And so I think I touched when I was saying that. I think I touched a little on the in-store execution, but we look at that is clearly and that’s why it was in my script. We look at that the – first of all, we talk a lot about the merchants. Our store operators are fantastic, and we have some extremely talented associates in our store operating divisions across all of our companies. And that has become a place, and I think it helped with the cool factor and people shopping us is the way we execute our stores, and it’s brought in younger customers and more excitement. Yes, merchandise is certainly a high priority, but that has been right there within in terms if I think driving topline and increasing market share.
Ernie Herrman: So Lindsay, also a good question. We really don’t like to comment on specific areas of where the availability is high or low, categories, et cetera. What I would tell you is it’s across all – most families of business and it is most price ranges. And it’s not really a – it’s not like [indiscernible] one area or another it seems to be fairly widespread. And then also, I’d like to keep in mind, there’s never not goods right, so when I say it’s up a level from where it’s been, it’s not that there weren’t goods before clearly because there’s always goods and that’s why we’re always holding the merchants back. So I don’t know if that answers your question.
Ernie Herrman: I’d tell you one thing that has happened. So let me give you the internal versus the – so the external, we all know, the retail environment is holding up, but there’s always new vendors opening. So the thing you have to keep in mind that I think it’s easy to forget is we actually are up to about 18,000 vendors now that we deal with. So when we continue to expand our vendor portfolio and as you do that, you’re going to find more goods. So that is one of the things we would attributed to is our desire to always open new vendors, which that’s a little contrary to other models of retail. And the other models of retail, by the way are doing the right thing for their model of retail. Our model function is on a treasure hunt approach and a very shallow, a sorted, eclectic mix. And with that comes a desire to open thousands of vendors. And when you do that, there’s tends to be even more availability of goods.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Let me give you what I can, Richard. So the loyalty program domestically, I think you’re aware we run – and I think when you ask about the loyalty program, you’re also asking about the credit card, which...
Ernie Herrman: Okay. I would like to thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on our third quarter earnings call in November. Thank you, everybody.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, as Ernie, I think, has said before that primary driver with us opening up almost 200 stores this year and hopefully more than that in the future, that’s going to be the primary driver of our incremental sales growth and the comp growth on our existing base. Having said that, as Ernie said, we’re pleased with a lot of the metrics and the sales growth we see at tkmaxx.com and tjmaxx.com we like our conversion, our average order value, a lot of what we see the adding of categories, vendors, et cetera. So I think we’ve said that before and we’re investing proportionately on our $1 billion plus capital. We’re spending money, but it’s proportionate to the size of the business. So I think that’s all I have to add.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I think a couple of points, as Ernie – I mean, in addition to Macy’s, I mean, it’s been between all - the close to 2,000 stores that are going to be closing Macy’s. The Macy stores that they announced last year, the 35 to 40, as Ernie said, just to put this in context when we were asked over previous years with other retailers. I’m sure we’re getting our fair share from other retailers, but when other retailers comps have gone up and down, I don’t think it’s the primary driver of the comp increase that we’re getting. But I do think, as Ernie said, it does pertain well for us, not necessarily per se Macy’s, but the real estate environment as other retailers both – as Ernie indicated both in Europe and the U.S. too, feel confident in our store openings that we’ve talked about and hopefully even more in the future.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I mean, not much different than Ernie assuming, as if you somewhat normalize in the first quarter we’ve been running for the last three quarters in the – that 10% two-year stack, which we started to accelerate too, in the fourth quarter so feel good. And again, as Ernie said, in terms of the UK business, they were trending quite strongly before Brexit, extremely strongly in the regions outside of the UK. And I think as we just indicated a few minutes ago, pleased with our trends going in as we start the first quarter in our European businesses – third quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: I think with Canada, again, we had a nine comp versus our 14 comp, so we’ve – obviously, the foreign exchange has kept us some of the Canadians who would tend to shop cross-border in Canada shopping there. We would attribute some of that, but certainly, it’s not the most significant we think of why we’re getting nine in 10 comps. So there have been store closings. So I think we’ve – and I’ll let Ernie talk about the mix, the merchandise I think that’s what’s really driving it. But there’s a bit of the cross-border shopping or people just helping out, our people staying and not traveling as much.
Scott Goldenberg: The merchandise margins were extremely strong as we indicated at both Marmaxx and HomeGoods. And it was a combination obviously due to the above-plan sales, but it was combination of both mark-on and markdowns in both the combination of HomeGoods and Marmaxx. Offset those, still had some FX impact on currency in both Canada and Europe, more weighted toward Canada in the quarter. But no extremely strong margins, both in HomeGoods and Marmaxx.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, I think we’re talking we have millions of customers in our credit base program and we don’t give the facts, but close to adding a seven-figure number almost every year. These are most loyal, as Ernie said, most loyal customers how they cross-shop more than our other customers. I think Ernie said it right. We will add – we would love to add things to our other countries, but we have to do it within the confines of our business model and our partners what’s available for both – works from both us and them. One of the things I think we just mentioned earlier when Ernie was talking about stores and our sales is that our customer satisfactions scores have been going up in all of our divisions. I think some of it obviously absence to do with – pleased with what they found with a shopping – their overall shopping experience in finding the goods. But part of that has to do with the store presentation folks and doing a better job in our store standards, the friendliness of our store associates, hiring better folks, training better. And I think that certainly highly correlated to our – or having positive sales. And I think, again, our customer satisfaction scores have been going up at all of our divisions. One other thing failed to note going and talking about loyalty, in Canada, we have a non-credit based loyalty program that is extremely.
Scott Goldenberg: Very successful in terms of the penetration more or so there than in the U.S. the total penetration and again I think they’re just highly engaged and obviously, as we’ve talked about, we’re very well known in Canada, so I think that is a piece of our business and why we’re doing as well better there in terms of our comp sales.
Scott Goldenberg: I’ll start addressing a few of those points. Again, we haven’t been giving out the 10% to 13% because both last year and this year, there are three things we’ve been talking about still exist, and that’s why we did portend some of them. We’re not going to say they are going to be at the same level, but the three major pieces being – wage being the biggest one, which is similar, we’re not saying it’s not going to go down in future years which if nothing happens it might moderate going past next year. But at the moment, we just called it out because it’s approximately at the same rate at this year. The second is being foreign exchange, that’s why we called it out, again at the moment it would not be at the impact of – this year’s impact of 3%. But it’s still would be low single-digits so we just wanted to call that out. So again, hopefully that will moderate and at some point will be a tailwind. Right now, it’s a headwind. The third piece is the investment to support our growth, again primarily the distribution centers, and which has been a bit lumpy as I think we try to explained before because we did not planned the high level of comps we’ve experienced in some of our businesses forcing us to move forward, make sure we can continue to gain all the market share we’ve gained. So it will – those will still impact us going forward, but we think we’ll moderate those systems and our distribution spend as we move forward in future years, but still going to impact us at least going forward for next year at a similar rate. And so those are three big components, so I don’t think anything has changed. Hopefully, they’ll start to moderate going forward.
