Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry, and good morning. Joining Sherry and me on the call are Ernie Herrman, Jeff Naylor and Scott Goldenberg, who as you know was promoted to CFO last month. We are very pleased Scott is taking on a bigger role at TJX, and we'll continue to benefit from the combined leadership of Jeff and Scott. Jeff will be reviewing the financials on our call today, and going forward, Scott will be doing this.  2011 was another great year for TJX. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased 14% and our 5-year compound annual EPS growth rate is 20%. Consolidated comps increased 4% on top of 4% and 6% increases in the past 2 years, respectively. We believe that these numbers speak for themselves as for the sustainability and strength of our business model. 2012 is off to a very strong start, and we see ourselves as being at an exciting inflection point with great momentum working in our favor.  Today, we'll be keeping the conversation on this call very strategic. We'll tell you how we are investing and positioning TJX for the next level of growth and why we're so confident in our short- and long-term future, and importantly, why we are investing more aggressively for the future. We expect our investments to start to flatten out in calendar 2013 and are maintaining our model of 10% to 13% annual EPS growth, which assumes a 2% comp increase. We are confident that we will deliver as always and will strive to exceed these goals.  Before I continue, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap full year and fourth quarter results.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Stacy, look, I'm going to come back to who we are and that is the distance between us and everyone else. In terms of cost, I mean, it's the way we buy. We're an off-price company. We buy very close to need. You could not have a more promotional environment. I don't think I've ever seen it this promotional as in December. And not only were we able to keep our margins, but we had a very, very strong comp. So my answer really to both those questions is, our model works if we execute our model every day, whether the prices go up or whether people go every day, the model works that way.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. I'll have Jeff go through the year model, but we feel in Europe we're certainly going to increase. I think we're planning like 280 basis points for the year or something, a pretty strong increase. Jeff will go through the exact numbers. But we feel that we're in a very good place going forward. We're being cautious. we feel that it's a pretty big jump from this year. We certainly have good infrastructure built in. We're planning on only adding 10 more stores next year. So we think this is a really good sensible, viable plan. Going forward, we still see it as an 8% model. I think this year will be a very good year for us to really see how strong we can be.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, again, we're going to -- we'll give you a little more color as we get through the year. We learned a lot in the past. We learned a lot from Europe. Even when you look at Marshalls in Canada, we're going slow. And it's tremendously strong, and we want to make sure that we do e-commerce right. So we are -- in our 3-year model, it's a tremendous opportunity. And we -- again, I'm going to just keep coming back to we want to do it right, and then we can accelerate it. So when we get all our ducks in a row, we'll be very happy to tell everyone what's going on and report to you.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So -- and Adrianne, as always, we have a few new interesting initiatives up our sleeve, and we're always testing things. Jeff wanted to make a comment on the margin also.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, that is a big piece of it. And as I said before, as we get better, we talked about systems, and we talked about a lot we do manually. If we are -- again, very focused on the right goods at the right stores at the right time, and I've said it a few times that we have still lots of opportunity there. A big chunk of our investments for 2012 are in systems to improve for the future. We're going to have another D.C. on the West Coast in the future, so we're putting investment in. But we see certainly opportunity for this year, and hopefully, even going forward, greater opportunity as we get some of these things really up and running. But we're far from at the end of our game.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, first of all, Canada -- we closed StyleSense, which is a piece of the fourth quarter and a little bit of merchandise margin due to cold-weather merchandise that we wanted to clean out. And we had an increase in advertising. So really, those 3 factors are what hit us in the fourth quarter. But I think Ernie should give you some color because I think he's feeling and we're feeling pretty good about Canada.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the other point, Kimberly, is again learning from the past. Ernie's put a pretty strong team together for Marshalls, so we have invested in some bench strength so that we get ahead of Marshalls as we go forward. We're only planning on 6 additional stores next year but -- excuse me, 9 additional stores, but that's really going to set us up for the future. So that when we start to really accelerate, we're going to be in great shape, and we won't skip a beat.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The biggest risk is always us not executing. That's always the biggest risk. If we do what we do best, then we'll end up beating. And if we don't, it's all on us.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, for the year, we were up slightly in traffic and in basket. We ended the fourth quarter very strong. We had tremendous momentum from our tri-branding, which is pretty exciting because we ended the year going in with a lot of new customers for the new year. Our marketing plans for next year are we have an increased dollar versus last year. We will increase our impressions and more than likely, we will be on network TV a couple of more weeks this year than we were last year. We keep learning more and more about our marketing, and it's pretty exciting. So we're just going to keep bringing in new customers, and that's a big part of our growth vehicle. As I said before, our penetration is a lot less than typical of department stores. So we have a long way to go.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, well, we're giving full year guidance, but what I will say to you is that I think it just reads of opportunity. And we did -- we have a lot of -- the percent of profit in the back half is almost 85%. So both Ernie and I just look at that and say this is an opportunity. And that's the way we approach it. So our goal is to get it back. We want it to be an 8% model. We're working towards that. We like the team very much, and we're really heading in the right direction.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're in very good shape. We're always within our number. We have more packaways than last year because there was just an abundance of fabulous cold weather and brands. So again, we have more packaways than last year, still within the range that we always are. But our inventories are pretty lean, and we're nice and liquid. We're really in great shape.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The key is, our inventory in stores is way down. We're very, very liquid, and there is a very plentiful market out there.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. You guys keep asking me about e-commerce, and I'm going to say it 9 million times, we know all the opportunities, and we know how many people come to our website. And I guarantee we will do it right. But as always, we want to do things planning in a conservative way, putting in most of our cost factors certainly from what we can see and doing it right. The reason we look long-term and see it as just a tremendous vehicle is just that leveraging of the platform and the opportunity to even sell product that we don't have in our stores today, to sell product that we have in our stores today. So we will get there, and we will do it in the right way. In terms of the European growth...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The supply chain. Okay, well in terms of the supply chain, we're kind of in the first inning. So I -- we're really looking at this as probably a 2- to a 3-year project with more investment in 2012. Then it starts to flatten out. In terms of A.J., we really -- we have the benefits that we talked about from a year ago. But more importantly, it's really what just allows us to grow the Marmaxx chain and the HomeGoods chain. So we see the increase in number of stores. And obviously, both those businesses have much stronger margins than our A.J. Wright chain did. So there's the opportunity, and that's why we keep increasing the number of stores because we've really learned how to exist in lower demographics, in high density, lower income, variety. We learned a little bit more about the diversity piece of it. So this is what is just allowing us to really grow those chains. And that was the idea initially, is to leverage 4 big businesses and not be as spread out. So we feel very good about going forward.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay, Dana, that's 3 questions. We don't give you specifics on inventory turns. I can tell you, as I said before, it's one of our biggest investments going forward. We're sort of at the beginning of the game. This year, we still will decrease our inventories in stores, and we will turn faster. But we don't know the endgame of the opportunity because we're going to see how it yields. But we just see a lot of things that we think we can do better for the future. So we're pretty excited about that. The marketing spend, what I said to you is, we're up in dollars versus last year, we will be up in dollars this coming year. We'll be on network TV a couple of more weeks than we -- more than we were a year ago, so the impressions will be up. But more importantly, we're leveraging all of our businesses together, and we think we have some very, very strong campaigns going forward. And I think each year, we get better and better at this. In terms of the remodels, we really don't discuss the specific numbers. We like it. We're happy with it. And next year, we are planning to do over 300. Along with that, we're always looking at the next generation and other in-store initiatives that can -- to drive sales for us in the future.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks. I want to thank everyone, and we're looking forward to reporting to you on the first quarter.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I think if you look at the -- I'll talk to the fourth quarter and then fiscal '13. So in the fourth quarter, we saw the margins a year ago from 3.4% to 5.6%. So that's a 220 basis point increase. That was suppressed a bit by FX, so if you adjust for FX, that 5.6% would have been 6.2%. We actually had a 280 basis point increase. The other factor there is that, that 280 basis point increase in the fourth quarter was also negatively impacted by the fourth quarter items. There was about a 200 basis point hit to Europe in the fourth quarter from those fourth quarter items. So you can just -- we would have had explosive margin growth in Europe in the fourth quarter if it weren't for the fourth quarter items having a 200 basis point impact and currency having a 60 basis point impact. So we feel great about the track that we're on. Now as we look forward, we planned the European business on a 4% to a 5% comp next year. And last year, we had a 2.4% segment profit margin. This year, we're planning at 4.9% to 5.4%. And that's with 20 basis points of benefit from the 53rd week. So if you adjust out the 53rd week, it will be 4.7% of 5.2%. The 53rd week in general will benefit our pretax -- our margins in total TJX and our business by 20 basis points next year. So Europe goes from 2.4% to 4.9% to 5.4% with 20 basis points of the benefit of the 53rd week included in that number. So we feel good. That will be strong, steady growth. Obviously, a higher level of comp would get us a higher level of bottom line margin improvement. And as Carol mentioned, there really are no structural reasons that we can't get back to 8% and above on the second profit margins for Europe.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I just -- I guess just to set the record straight, the margin was up more -- the margin was up 10 basis points in the fourth quarter. As we look at fiscal '13 for the full year, our gross profit is planned up 20 to 50 bps, basis points. Ten of that is from the 53rd week. The balance is all coming from merchandise margins. So the implied merchandise margin increases in fiscal '13 are in that 10 to 40 basis point range. The third component of the gross profit margin, buying and occupancy, we've got plan flat, but you'd expect that on a 1 to 2 comp. Obviously, we would expect to get some leverage if, in fact, the comp were to exceed the level that we have in our plans. So -- but I think the point to color here is merchandise margins are being planned up to 10 to 40 next year. So we have put some improvements baked into our full year model.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, as we look forward, Kimberly, so we would right now embed it in our full year guidance, Canada in the 2% to 3% comp on top of the minus 1 from last year. In terms of bottom line, we have them planned right now 13.6% to 13.9% on top of the 13 -- I'm sorry, I'm reading the wrong number there. We have them planned at 12.9% to 13.1% on top of the 13% last year. Canada benefits 10 basis points from the 53rd week, but they're getting hit by 20 basis points in terms of foreign currency at current rates. So if you take all that out, Canada we would have planned up 10 on a 52-week basis, flat to up 20 basis points on a 2% to 3% comp. That's about what you'd expect, right? A flat to 20 basis point improvement in your bottom line margin on a 2% to 3% comp, I think which really underscores our belief that the business is back on solid footing, and we're confident in the profit and the profit flow-through.
Jeffrey Naylor: Okay. So in terms of the productivity, while we are opening in densely populated urban areas in Marmaxx, we are also opening a lot of stores in more rural markets where the store will open maybe in a sort of $4 million to $4.5 million sales range, which is well below the average. That said, we pay significantly less in rent and can deliver a 4-wall contribution that's just -- in dollar basis, just slightly below the average. But on a percentage basis actually, it's as strong or stronger than the average. So we've got a really great opening program going in smaller markets. And the productivity in those are both strong contribution margins, strong ROIs. The sales tend to be less than the average, and that is really counteracting or balancing out the benefit on the terms of sales per store that we're getting from those bigger stores. In terms of the guidance, since I've given Canada and Europe, why don't I just give Marmaxx and HomeGoods? U.S. for HomeGoods, so I'll start with that. The HomeGoods we have planned to comp up 1% to 2%. The 4-wall profitability, we have planned 10.7% to -- I'm sorry, 4-wall profitability -- the segment profit margin, we have planned at 10.7% to 10.9%. And that's again with a 20 basis point benefit from the 53rd week. Marmaxx, we have planned the comp up 1% to 2%, and we have the profit margin planned at 13.6% to 13.9%. And again, that's with -- in the case of Marmaxx, that's 10 to 20 basis points of improvement due to the 53rd week. So you can see in the case of Marmaxx, we're planning the -- that pretax margin's down slightly to up slightly on a 1% to 2% comp, again, what you'd expect. And in the case of HomeGoods, same thing. On a 52-week basis, down slightly to up slightly on a 1% to 2% comp.
Jeffrey Naylor: It's hard to determine exactly the extent to which the increase in transactions is being driven by new customers versus existing customers. All we can really do is look at that penetration stat towards the percentage of the customers that shop our chains this year versus last year. And what we've seen over time is that's been eking up as we've moved over the last several years, and we think that will continue to do that going forward given the importance of value to customers.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, well, I don't have this here in front of me, Dan, but I suspect that the pattern is probably not that much different than what we would have seen in 2009, maybe a little bit less weighted towards the back half, but still more weighted towards the back half than our North American businesses.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. There was -- currency had an impact in the fourth quarter of -- hang on one second. Let me just get it in front of me. Currency had an impact in the fourth quarter in Europe of about 50 basis points.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, so if you look at the -- we have tables that are on the -- we put the tables on the Web that give you the sales and marketing comparability with and without currency. So on -- before -- x -- the reported numbers we want from 3.4% to 5.6% in the quarter, Dan, so that's up 220 bps. If you adjust for currency, it would be going from 2.9% up to 5.7% or a 280 basis point increase. So that was the difference. And then on top of that, there's the 200 basis point hit we're getting for the fourth quarter items, which would've taken you even higher had we not incurred those items in the quarter.
Jeffrey Naylor: And we don't comment on the margin on packaway product versus the margin on other product. Again, we've never -- well we've been increasing the mix towards close out over time, we've never in our MD&A called out that mix as a factor in merchandise margin increases year-over-year. We get very, very good merchandise margins out of our incentive buys as well. So -- but again, it's not -- we really don't comment on packaway versus other forms of purchased goods.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. The stores, the 750 to 875 breaks down as follows, Richard. We'd have 300 to 325 stores potential in the U.K.; 250 to 300 in Germany; 100 to 150 HomeSense stores; and 100 stores in Poland. So it just reflects the markets that we're in currently and the concepts that we have currently. So we obviously believe that there's potential beyond those numbers. But our mantra right now is go slow, build the infrastructure, and then once we've got good -- once we've reestablished very strong performance in the division, which we believe we're on our way to do, to accelerate at that point in time.
Jeffrey Naylor: In line with the bottom line by 20 bps, and we really don't break that out between the B&O and SG&A.
Jeffrey Naylor: That's just the expense leverage that we'd expect. So if you got merchandise margin expansion on top of that, we've obviously gotten a lot of that over the last 3 years, you'd expect it to be more. So you really can't say a point of comp equates to 20 basis points on the bottom line because it really depends how we manage our inventories and the quality of the goods that we're buying, returns, et cetera, and how those impact merchandise margin. But what you can say is the point of comp is worth 20 basis points on the bottom line, and that's mixed between G&A and buying and occupancy. So there's a spread between the 2, but we get the -- you'd expect bottom line to see 20 bps.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, just a damp [ph] on Canada. On a 2% to 3% comp, you wouldn't expect a lot of expense leverage. We are making investments, and we clearly have had some hits this year that have been related to getting the margins -- improving our margin and getting it more aligned with the markets. So I think -- we feel comfortable with the way we set the plan for next year. In terms of corporate expenses, we would expect a lower increase this year than last year. So if you look at this year, we had 100 -- the corporate expenses were $228 million against $169 million last year. About a quarter of that are the fourth quarter items and our write-off we took earlier this year associated with moving one of our buying offices. A little more than half of this is investments in talent events including TJX University, investments in new systems and e-commerce. The balance reflects normal growth. For fiscal '13, we're expecting the corporate expenses to be, on a 53-week basis, $270 million to $277 million. And on a 52-week basis, that's $268 million to $276 million. So that's up what? That's up about $40 million to $45 million. Almost all of that is the investment in our data center, e-commerce business and other investments that Carol mentioned, partially offset by the fourth quarter items that go away. We had a voluntary retirement program separation agreement and that flowed through the corporate items. So the net of all those really explains the lion's share of that growth next year. We would expect that growth really to level out once we get to fiscal '14.
Jeffrey Naylor: A couple of financial factoids here. On the remodels, the recent performance, the lifts we are seeing are very comparable to the lifts that we were seeing in earlier classes of remodels. And on the marketing, the dollars will be -- spend will be up in line with sales, and our ad-to-sales ratio, right now, we're planning basically flat although we reserve the right to change that as we move through the year.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, yes, it's -- I think as we look at turns, we're reluctant to quantify what it's going to be going forward. I think when we look at store turns in the past 3 years, we've gone from turning -- 3 years ago, we used to say we'd turn 8x to 9x a year. Now we're saying we turn 10x to 11x. We have some divisions that are turning faster than others. We have disclosed that HomeGoods is in that 14% to 15% range. So we think there's opportunities across a couple of our divisions. And systems are only going to help us do that. The other thing that helps up is our D.C. productivity. We've invested in engineered standards. So when Carol says we're at the first inning, we're on the first inning of our systems investments. But in terms of some of the investments we've made engineered standards in our distribution center, those were pretty far along, where it's more like in the 6th, 7th inning, and those have yielded huge results. It's not insignificant that we had 10 years of growth in Marmaxx in terms of comp and new stores without having had to add a D.C. And a lot of that is coming from the productivity that we're seeing. And a lot of that has come from engineered standard. So we think there's an opportunity going forward. We don't want to cap our thinking on this, but I would tell you, we're very proud of the increases we've been able to generate at store level. We think the investments that we've made have yielded very strong results, and we're excited about the future investments that we're making that should yield additional benefits. I just don't want to put a number on it, Jeff, at this point. Clearly, we have some of this baked into our plan with a 10 to 40 basis point improvement in merchandise margin next year. And we'll see where we are as we go.
