Carol M. Meyrowitz: So joining me and Sherry on the call today are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with our first quarter result, which we achieved over the strongest year-over-year comparisons for quarterly comp and EPS growth that we faced this year. Earnings per share increased 13% over last year's adjusted 41% increase, and consolidated comps were up 2% over last year's reported 8% increase. We achieved these results despite the unfavorable weather that dampened apparel sales in many of our U.S., Canadian and European regions for most of the quarter. We believe this speaks to the flexibility of our business model and our ability to drive top and bottom line increases in almost any kind of macro environment. I would be remiss if I did not mention that I think there are very few apparel retailers out there that would deliver a 20-basis-point gross margin increase in a quarter with one of the coldest winters on record. With the highest quarterly EPS comparison of the year behind us and May off to a strong start, we are in a great position as we move into the second quarter and the rest of 2013. We continue to reiterate that we see enormous near- and long-term opportunities in our brick-and-mortar businesses, supply chain, e-commerce and market share growth potential. We remain confident that we will achieve our plans for 2013 and beyond and have a management team that is passionate about surpassing our goals. Throughout the organization, our focus remains on delivering great values to our consumers and driving profitable sales growth. And now I'll turn it over to Scott to recap the numbers.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, Tracy, first of all, HomeGoods is just -- I'll say the word, on fire, because their mix is spectacular. We're really thrilled with it. Even when the weather turned, HomeGoods continued to be strong, so we are absolutely thrilled with this business. We don't dissect and give what product is -- what's driving our specifics or what's private or not. They just have a fabulous mix, and we love the business.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: A very small portion of our business. If anything, we've increased our branded penetration in HomeGoods, and that's what's driving it. In addition to the fact that our guys are hitting so many different countries. We've increased our buying staff. So people are really buying all over the world. And it's one of the most unique businesses out there, and that's truly what's driving it and what's driving the margins.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I'm going to answer the second question first because I have no idea in the sense that we really have the opportunity as we're learning and getting smarter and smarter. We have -- HomeSense is only 24 stores. That can end up in several countries. We've learned a lot about how to enter new countries, so we have the opportunity. And when we talk about the 875 stores, that doesn't include going into other countries. Germany, we look at as probably 350 stores, and we're only 50-something stores, so that has enormous growth. Poland is probably about 100 stores, and we're only 20-something stores there. So internationally, we just have huge, huge opportunities. What's different today than maybe a few years ago in the U.K. is honestly the real estate opportunity. Years ago, we used to have increases in our rents. And today, we're just taking full advantage of that, and so we don't know where the end game is there.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, not at all. We're really -- we laugh -- if you talk to people, people who make millions of dollars shop us and the $50,000 average income shop us, so we really just have such a wide range. But no, we really didn't see any difference in terms of income levels.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, well, we don't have a specific plan. We haven't looked at our comps and say it's going to be equivalent to X percent increase. It's about 2 years out before we start. We are testing in Marshalls chains first, and then we'll roll out. But I think our rollout will be pretty quick, and then we'll really be able to see what that looks like. But it's hard to say today. And as I've said a million times on several calls is that we do so much manually that we just really don't know what this is going to yield. And it's just about weather-proofing the right goods, the right store. It's about driving more sales per store. So we don't know what the end game is there, but it's about 2 years out.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we're a combination of developing certain parts of it and we are building certain parts of it. And so that's why we say it's really 2 years out until it's going to be usable.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Oh, that's going to be a while because we're playing in the U.K. We've got lots of opportunities in the U.K. We want to take full advantage of that now.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, Europe has been improving every single year. Fourth quarter -- the back half is certainly enormous in terms of their total profit, but the improvement has been fantastic. And I'm going to -- actually, I want Ernie to just make a comment regarding Poland and Germany's four-wall profit because it's quite staggering.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: That's going to be in the back half. I'll have Scott go over it. Yes, our four-wall profit really is getting very close to Marmaxx. Germany is just about 20%, and Poland is slightly behind that. So it's pretty spectacular considering the number of stores we have. Scott, you want to talk about [indiscernible]
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The real estate is more. The cost of running business is a bit more, but there's certainly room for improvement.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Right, right. And as we get bigger, we'll leverage more, the same way we do with Marmaxx. So we don't -- again, we don't know what the endgame is.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I'm going to tell you, I think -- in terms of being competitive, I think HomeGoods is a very unique business, and I think our home business. And I'm going to come back to the fact that we do business with over 16,000 vendors and that we have offices all over the world. And I don't really think that our business is equivalent to anyone else's. Our SKU count is enormous. Our differentiation is great. I think it's a very special business and a very exciting business, great brands and great fashion. So I really can't compare it to anyone else. It's just very exciting.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It is so across the board. We're -- this is -- again, we're trying to control our guys. It's very vast out there, and it truly is across the board. And this is where Ernie has to control them all.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the other point that's important is that we have both apparel and non-apparel working. So we're in a strong home cycle and our apparel businesses are very strong, and we see that continuing. So it's a really wonderful combination to be able to have both businesses.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we certainly see the men's market and men tend to be buying a lot more for themselves, and we think there's a tremendous opportunity there. We tested some of this last year, and it's worked very well. And now we have dual going. The marketing spend isn't just first quarter, we have put money in through the year in almost every division, a little bit more in Marmaxx. But we have some things up our sleeves for the back half that we're pretty excited about. And as always, last year, we did a lot of testing. We're going to be doing a lot of testing this year for next year. And it's just a continuous -- we want to up the penetration of marketing and we want to reach more and more customers, and we're finding the most profitable way to do it.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No. Our space is the same. We're just trying to get our mix even better. With men's, we're just targeting generally the men's market. There's nothing specific. And we think, again, we have great brands and great opportunity.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Not specifically. It's really about fashion. If you look at our children's mix, I think it's improved dramatically. And again, we keep trying to raise the bar on the fashion brands. It's not about space; it's about better fashion, better brands, better value and turning quicker, freshness.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, that is part of it. I mean, our biggest increase in the younger customer is that 25- to 35-year-old.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, again, we're over 3,000 stores. We do extremely well when we're next to a Ross or a Nordstrom Rack or -- it's a mecca, and it's never been a negative for us. So we just think it's an opportunity that when we're closer to other retailers, it drives traffic. Our job is to be better at it.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I want it to continue to grow. If 16,000 vendors becomes a lot more, I'd be happier. And we are very, very focused on talent, on bench strength, on backing it up, on being unique. We're a teaching organization, and that's what we're all about.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Roxanne, we don't look at targeting specifically -- in terms of our real estate, we don't say we're going to go after x percent of urban. We really go with the specific deal, but we learn each year how to better serve each market. So if it is a downtown and it's an urban dwelling and we want to focus our home on smaller items, we can do that and service that. And that's where we're getting better. It's, again, the right goods to the right store at the right time. We want to penetrate our brands across the board whether it's a high-end demographic or a low-end demographic. And again, it's all about value. But we don't specifically -- we make a lot of money in all of our stores. There's very few markets that we don't do very well in. But again, we do our real estate deal by deal.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: You want our secret sauce, I'm not going to give that to you. I will tell you every year, we do get better and better, and we have a better understanding of -- every time we do something, we make a mistake, we learn from it. So I will tell you that we have certain strategies, for example, in the third quarter, how to transition. But I'm not going to tell you what they are. But we have learned every year to get better and better at understanding the weather patterns, weather-proofing, being better zonally, being better by store and where to put our dollars and shift. But it's still about the deals. It's really about the deals. If we have an outrageous deal and it's in a category that is apparel and it's freezing out, it's still worthwhile.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. I do think what's a little bit misunderstood is the fact that we could go into a market and buy hundreds of millions of dollars in a week. That's how flexible we are, and that gets delivered right away. That is very misunderstood, that capability.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We did a lot of testing last year. I have to say I love our mix, but -- our mix is just going to keep getting better every year. But we believe that times have changed and men shop for themselves, and it also drives women into the stores, the combination of the 2. As a percent, our men's business actually in Europe is a little bit higher, so we know that there is tremendous opportunity. But we think this is the right time to go after the men's business.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Really, not different. I mean, I think we -- zonally, we had pretty strong business in our areas that weren't affected by weather. We're feeling very good. As I said, we're off to a strong start. But our motto is to plan carefully, plan conservatively. And our guys work very, very hard to beat our plans, and both Ernie and I are hoping for that. But we won't plan our business aggressively. It's just the wrong thing to do.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Again, we have everything in our plans in terms of costs. We have said to everyone that we're keeping our model pretty consistent, and we'll start to beat our model. But we don't see enormous costs coming. And hopefully, we see more sales. But our strategy has really not changed. We want it to be profitable.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We don't see any difference. I mean, we think -- we look at last year and we say, what can we do better? We have a long laundry list and those are the things that we focus on. But again, we have over 800 buyers out there, so there is never ever a shortage of goods. And I don't think there ever will be. And we have incredible vendor relationships. So we just -- again, we come back to saying, what can we do better? We listen to our customers. What can we do in-store to improve our shopping experience, what can we do to raise the bar in terms of our brands and fashion? I mean, that's are focus every day.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I can just tell you that across the board, I mean -- Ernie can comment, we're just -- again, it's pretty typical. We're trying to control our guys, and they're very excited. And it's not just about weather, it's not just weather -- cold weather categories that are sitting there, it's really a lot of excitement and a lot across the board.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: There's more goods than we can certainly handle, I can tell you that. And I don't think we're going to see any -- I think we're going to see the same thing throughout the rest of the year. We're going to have to control our buyers.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, well, Canada's business, again, when it was freezing out and we had storms, our business was not good. And then as soon as the weather got better, our business was excellent. Where we're sitting right next to a Target, it drove customers to our stores. It was positive, and we'll see over time. They've had soft openings, but we don't really see a tremendous effect. We did plan Canada's business conservatively as we always do when another retailer comes in, and that's just the prudent way to do it. So we think Canada's business is going to be just fine. And again, as weather opened up, we saw some positive results. Thank you. And we look forward to reporting on the second quarter. And thanks, everyone.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Now to recap our first quarter fiscal '14 results. Net sales reached $6.2 billion, a 7% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales were up 2% over last year's strong 8% reported increase. Diluted earnings per share was $0.62, a 13% increase over last year's adjusted 41% increase and at the high end of our guidance. Foreign currency exchange rates had a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share this quarter, which is the same as last year's $0.01 negative impact. Consolidated pretax margin was 11.8% for the quarter, flat versus last year's margin and in line with the high end of our original guidance. As Carol mentioned, gross profit margin increased 20 basis points over last year, driven primarily by strong merchandise margin improvement. SG&A expense increased 30 basis points over last year's ratio. This increase was primarily due to increased marketing spending and the impact of our e-commerce businesses. As to inventories, at the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses but excluding our e-commerce businesses, were down 3%. We begin the second quarter in an excellent position to take advantage of abundant buying opportunities that we see in the marketplace and continue shipping fresh assortments to our stores. In terms of share repurchases during the first quarter, we bought back $300 million of TJX stock, retiring 6.5 million shares. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion of TJX stock this year. In addition, the Board of Directors approved a 26% increase in the per-share dividend in April, marking the 17th consecutive year of dividend increases. In April, we completed the sale of $500 million of 2.5% 10-year notes. Clearly, it was a great time to be in the marketplace. Our coupon rate is the lowest of any retailer's recent note offerings that we've seen. The net proceeds will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. As a reminder, with our international operations, approximately half of our cash remains outside the U.S. This is the first time we've added net new debt in about 7 years. Even with this additional debt, we continue to have a very conservative balance sheet. Further, we remain committed to maintaining our very strong credit ratings and continuing our share buyback and dividend programs. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our second quarter and full year fiscal '14 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now to fiscal '14 guidance, beginning with the full year. For modeling purposes, I'll remind you that fiscal '14 is a 52-week year compared with the 53-week period in fiscal '13. For the full year, we are narrowing our range for earnings per share to be $2.70 to $2.78 over EPS of $2.55 in fiscal '13. This is $0.04 above the low end of the range of our original guidance. As a reminder, fiscal '13 included approximately $0.08 benefit from the 53rd week. Excluding the extra week, fiscal '14 full year expected EPS would be 9% to 13% increase over the prior year's adjusted $2.47. We continue to expect consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2% for the full year. We are also narrowing our range for pretax margins to be in the range of 11.8% to 12.0%. This would be down 10 to up 10 basis points versus 11.9% in fiscal '13. It's important to remember that this would be higher without the impact of e-commerce this year. Also as a reminder, the 53rd week contributed approximately 20 basis points of growth in fiscal '13. Now to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.61 to $0.63, which would be a 9% to 13% increase over last year's $0.56 per share. We're assuming a second quarter top line in the $6.3 billion to $6.4 billion range. This is based on expected comp sales growth in the 2% to 3% range on a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. Second quarter pretax margins are planned in the 11.5% to 11.7% range, flat to up 20 basis points versus the prior year. We're anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.2% to 28.4%, up 10 to 30 basis points over the prior year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.6%, up 10 basis points versus last year. This is slightly higher than what we would typically expect on a 2% to 3% comp and is primarily due to planned deleverage from the impact of our e-commerce businesses. Foreign exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a neutral impact on EPS in the second quarter, which would be the same as last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.3% and net interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 729 million. Finally, our guidance for the second quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And now we will open it up to questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Scott. I'll answer your question about Marmaxx. Again, Marmaxx was down on the whole segment 20 basis points on a 1 comp. So just overall, we're pleased with that. Marmaxx, excluding the e-commerce businesses, would have been essentially flat on a 1 comp, so very pleased, again, as we had strong merchandise improvement on that 1 comp. The only thing I would also call out is that we had this built into our guidance, and STP was -- as we said earlier, is a profitable division. It just doesn't have the same high-profit level margins that we have at Marmaxx, and that's the major reason causing the deleverage.
Scott Goldenberg: So Marmaxx -- so with the model, it's early in the year in terms of for us to be changing the model. Marmaxx has still a 1 to 2 comp for the full year. Again, that's against the 6 comp last year. The segment margin again is 14.3% to 14.4%. This is on sales of $17.6 million to $17.8 million and, again, versus the segment margin of 14.5% last year. So no significant changes to the model for Marmaxx.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, when we gave the guidance at the beginning of the year, you're correct, the total corporate expenses are a little over $50 million less than the last year and most of that decrease is in the second half of the year. We're still on plan for the original guidance for what we gave on corporate expenses. So it's just first half, second half timing. So most of the decrease or virtually all of the decrease will be in the second half of the year.
Scott Goldenberg: If I can [indiscernible] something, Michael, for a second on that is that I think the most important metric is what Carol's called out, which is the store contribution line. We hope to be improving but we don't have the same leverage at this point, given the number of stores and scale and the top line that we have with certainly Marmaxx. And then there are some costs that are a little more expensive when you're doing business, whether it's adding incremental buyers or just dealing in multiple countries versus multiple states, but significant room for opportunity.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. So just -- again, just to repeat what I said earlier, it's still early in the game for the year. But as Carol mentioned, we still see there's plenty of opportunity, both short and long term. So I'm going to go presenting the numbers on a 52-over-52 week basis. And before I just give the divisions, again, we've kept the $2.78 at the high end of the range, but we'd like to note that, that -- this now reflects a $0.01 impact from FX and also a $0.01 from incremental interest cost due to the debt issue we just did. So that's all absorbed in the $2.78 that we did not have in our original guidance. It also reflects a 10 basis impact due to the FX. Having said that, we also have added additional advertising expense for the year since our original guidance, which is also reflected in the $2.78. So I went through Marmaxx before; now I'll go through HomeGoods. HomeGoods comps are 2% to 4% against last year's 7%. That's a segment margin of 12.3% to 12.5% against last year's 12% or a 30- to 50-basis-point improvement, and that's sales of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion. Again, changes -- those did change slightly upward from the original guidance due to the above planned performance of HomeGoods in the first quarter. Canada, it's 0% to 1% comp against last year's 5%; segment margin, 13.7% to 13.9% against last year's 14.0%, again, this is including FX, on sales of $2.9 billion to $3 billion. Europe, 3% to 5% increase against last year's 10% comp increase; 6.8% to 7.2% against last year's 6.4%. That's a 40- to 80-basis-point improvement, again, including FX, and that's on $3.4 billion in sales. Again, that's an increase from -- in sales and slight increase in the margin, again, due to the above planned performance in the first quarter.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. Oliver, in terms of the mix, which I think is one of the things you were getting at, we have certainly -- without us giving any specifics, you can walk in the store and feel some of the younger categories that we carry and they're there pretty consistently. The goods change from week to week because we turn so quickly. But you certainly get a younger mix feel throughout the store, and that would apply to, by the way, all of our divisions. That would apply to T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, even Winners in Canada. One of the areas we've done, I think I can make a global statement to say that we've gone after the younger customers by being more fashion-sensitive. And when we go after goods that we think are more of a fashion trend in the market, we've had more of that and we've taken bigger risks there, I think. So we've gone more aggressively on that front, which I think helps with the younger customer. And then again, some of the categories, not just in the apparel side of the business, on the non-apparel side, are really going after a younger audience, and I think that's helping. So I think that really talks to the mix.
Ernie L. Herrman: The one interesting thing going on -- first of all, addressing the first quarter, it is, as you would say, always the lowest quarter. So I know what you're looking at, you're looking at the low margins first quarter. I think, directionally, we'll continue to make big improvements. It's just not going to compare to as you get to the back half in terms of all the profit dollars we bring in over there. And that's why Carol is talking about our four-wall contributions though, and this really bodes well for the future. And Germany or Poland, they're really off the charts. In fact, Germany is actually higher than the U.K. in the first quarter, which is really unheard of on a young business like that, which, by the way, I think Carol mentioned earlier, we have plenty of room for further store growth in Germany. So when you look at that dynamic, that should only help us help the total Europe picture and margin all along the way every quarter as we go forward. So hopefully that answers your question there.
Ernie L. Herrman: I would also jump in there, Robert. Similar to the other question, the younger demographics, we're very fashion-driven in HomeGoods and that has really, I think, helped with actually a younger customer appreciating that business. The excitement level is there for a wide range of ages. We -- like Carol was saying, we focus on really newness and fast turns. So fashion newness, fast turns allows our home business there to really not compete directly with just about any other home business out there. A lot of the other home businesses are a lot more staid and steady, in stock, basic. So yes, there are other guys that try to do it. I think we're just at a level of creativity and quick turns that allows our business to stay very different than the competition.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, Robert, I would say that my job has gotten progressively more difficult lately. There's so much exciting goods in the marketplace. And that applies to all the areas -- home, apparel, accessories -- that it's somewhat, by the way, changes to your question asking which categories. We're opportunistic. So sometimes we can't forecast all the great buys that will happen in a category that we weren't, quite honestly, paying as much attention to, and that becomes now a hot category because of the exciting value we can deliver there. So it's a bit of unusual times.
Ernie L. Herrman: Omar, I think there's something -- I think I had mentioned this briefly at the last call, when you get these funky weather patterns, and I think this is what you were maybe getting at with the model a little bit, the model insulates because we stay so lean and liquid for open-to-buy. So when we do that and the weather is difficult patterns, it creates -- that weather situation creates a lot of opportunities in the marketplace because goods back up. And so our model allows us to take advantage of that, so that's one thing. I think, if you're looking at overall, our flexibility of this model allows us to take advantage of these unpredictable weather patterns.
Ernie L. Herrman: So the weather will hurt us at the retail level for a time being. But eventually, like Carol said, you will see goods show up, and we're able to buy a lot of those goods in a very short amount of time.
Ernie L. Herrman: And Patrick, we can't -- we really can't give specifics, but we can say it's plentiful and across all the different levels, from better goods to moderate goods to -- I think I've said this before, to the apparel business, the accessories business, the home business. It's unusual -- usually, it ebbs and flows, where at certain times, the availability is really high in certain markets and more moderate in others. Right now it seems to be very high across the board, so that is unusual.
Ernie L. Herrman: I would say there's probably a little bit more goods right now than there was a year ago. But it's hard to get -- it's hard to predict like a month or 2 from now whether that [indiscernible].
