Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. So let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with our third quarter performance. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased 13% over last year's strong 21% increase. This was at the high end of our expected range and as Scott will detail in a moment despite not having the foreign currency benefit we anticipated for the quarter. Consolidated comp store sales grew 2% also at the high end of our plan and over a 5% increase last year. This marks our 23rd consecutive quarter of comp sales growth. We were also delighted that customer traffic was slightly up to the third quarter, as we continued to gain momentum from the first and second quarters. In addition, while we're pleased with our comp results, we believe they would have been stronger without the negative impact of the weather in the US and Europe. At Marmaxx, we saw solid trends in August and September, but with unseasonably warm temperatures across the country in October, apparel sales turned softer. That said, our Marmaxx home, jewelry and accessory businesses, which are less weather-sensitive, were outstanding for the quarter. Similarly, the weather turned extraordinarily warm across our European regions in September, which we believe hurt sales. With temperatures starting to cool in November, the fourth quarter is off to a very strong start for TJX overall. Before we share with you the numerous short and long-term growth opportunities we see for the company, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap some of the numbers.
Carol Meyrowitz: Daniel, obviously we're not going to give the numbers out. But as I said, August and September for Marmaxx were pretty damn strong. October, when we saw that extreme warm weather, we got hit pretty hard. It came back very strong opening November. And Europe, again we're seeing Europe turn as soon as November's weather start to get a little bit cooler across the board and more consistent. So we're feeling pretty good about our start.
Carol Meyrowitz: No. You could read it month-to-month. I mean August in Europe was sensational. August and September in Marmaxx was very strong as soon as we saw the change. And we had incredibly high comps in the accessory, jewelry. Those areas that were not weather-affected were high-single digits.
Carol Meyrowitz: It is strictly math. You have $0.02 of FX. The $0.02 were really we have a slightly lower ticket in Marmaxx, which is very positive. We're giving a great value and we're shipping gift-giving a little bit earlier. Freight that was one part of the combination. The other is a little bit of systems and I'll talk more about it at our year-end call to get ready for the possibility of another country.
Carol Meyrowitz: We saw a fairly dramatic increase in our soft loyalty program. We saw very dramatic increases. So we're very pleased with the program thus far. So we think that that is going to be certainly a part of our future traffic driving.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think there is a lot of dynamics going on. One is the port, and there is a bit of a payoff there, and that's not a wonderful thing, except for TJX it does tend to yield very positive things. We feel that we are incredible value. As I said, our average ticket is down, because we think we're giving very extreme value for the fourth quarter. So we're pretty excited about that. Our packaways are also up over last year, which is showing that slight increase in inventory. If you took that out, you'd be fairly flat. So we're feeling pretty good about value and we're feeling pretty good that our distance between everyone else out there is going to be very positive going into the fourth quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, slowly, but surely we're definitely adding more brands. As I said, we've added hundreds of vendors, which we're pretty excited about. And we're loving the momentum. I mean we have huge increases, however that's on top of a very small business, but we're very pleased. It's better than we thought thus far. You'll see some new categories beginning next year or the first half of next year that I think will be very exciting. So looking forward to that. And we just continuously keep learning, but we're excited. The returns are going back to the stores. All the things we wanted not to cannibalize and to differentiate, we're feeling good about.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think the other positive fact is that the average order keeps going up. So we're pretty happy with the overall spend.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Roxanne, we're actually working on next year's plan while we speak, but our investments are pretty focused on making sure that we can open additional countries in Europe on our supply chain, so that we can deliver more frequently to our stores. We really believe that there is a benefit to shipping less more frequently to our stores. We continue to feel that there're better weather-proofing opportunities throughout the chain. Last year, I think we had some missteps in maximizing some of our sun belt business that we're focusing on this year. We're going to continue our in-store investments. We're learning a lot from our customer surveys and we'll continue to upgrade our stores. We have a Marshalls new prototype. It's one of my favorites actually. And we're going to be starting to roll that out. And we just believe upgrading the in-store is really, really important. We have some things going on in long term, so that it's easier for the customer to shop us. So those are really the primary things that we're focusing on. And obviously a big part of our capital goes to new stores, which we'll talk more about again at the end of the year, what our plans are for Europe and domestically or North America. And we'll continue our investment in the e-commerce carefully, but I think we're doing the right things. I feel very comfortable about the pace that we're keeping.
Carol Meyrowitz: There's always volatility in weather. I look at the full year. And you're going to have days that are positive and you're going to have days that are negative. For the fourth quarter, obviously we like to plan conservatively. So if you look at the back-half of last year a year ago, I think we had eight major snowstorms and around major snowstorms you have deep freezes. So we know last year that we ran into December, we had pretty strong comps and January was very dismal. So we think there's certainly an opportunity there. But I think in the aggregate year-over-year by time you finish the year, there's going to be some impact. But I don't look at it by month; I look at it by how is the year. And I think what we learned from it is how to mitigate the weather. So we have huge, huge presence in the middle of the country and south I call it the cloud belt and the sun belt. So we have new initiatives this year to maximize those in addition to changing some categories up north that we know we can drive even through some tough weather. So you learn from that every single year. We call it weather-proofing and I look at it as an opportunity.
Carol Meyrowitz: Absolutely. I mean we have a whole coat strategy that's very different from last year, because we ended up with the end of December, which is why our margin in the fourth quarter last year wasn't where we liked it to be. We certainly hope to mitigate that this year.
Carol Meyrowitz: And I think the other thing is Europe is an unbelievable example to have a negative 1% comp on top of 5% comp a year ago and have the same 10.4% against 10.4% is really to reach the flexibility of the model. Those guys just kept their inventories in line. They switched categories. And that market is just loaded with goods. So the flexibility of our business is incredible.
Carol Meyrowitz: Ernie can chime in. There's so much product out there that the two of us are doing our hammer act around the building. It is so plentiful in beauty. It's so plentiful in all the accessories areas. And there's isn't an area that there isn't.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think we're more focused on where we get the better bang for the buck. So like in Canada, we've increased TV. In the United States and Marmaxx, we're doing a little bit more social media. So we're changing it up a bit. And then we do leverage. Now we have our tri-branding. And then in Canada, we leverage commercials from the US. So we're really able to keep our spend flat to slightly up, but we think we get a bigger bang to the buck. And the same thing in Europe as they're learning and leveraging between the UK and Germany.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think we have to balance everything. That's what we're digging in and looking at very carefully, because as you know, our brick-and-mortar business makes so much money that we want to balance where we make our investments. So we're running all of our returns on investment and we're going to lay out next year's plan and decide where we feel we are doing the right thing. However, I think as we go along the way with tjmaxx.com, if you'll see on our site the site changes, the size of the pictures change, we have a lot of initiatives. And we will certainly look at the investment and if we feel that we should increase the investment, we will. But we want to make sure that we communicate what we're getting for that investment.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I'm not going to sit there and come back to you and say, let's just throw $1 billion at it. Europe is very exciting and the idea of opening additional countries, we make a lot of money with our brick-and-mortar. So we have to really balance our spend. See our trading store, the two stores we're very pleased with. It's another big opportunity. It's kind of a wonderful problem to have, but we want to be very smart on how we do all of this.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah, well, we don't talk about our turns in our e-com business. But our packaways are all about great deals. And the guys will go out there for the fabulous brand. It's the right fashion, they're going to do it. However I don't like packaways being too high a percent of our business, because I want us to be as current as possible. I want these guys going in every single week and being very current and making the best deal possible. So you always have to again balance what the premium brands are, what we love. We know that with the ports, there'll be a lot of goods coming at us, and we just want to make sure that we're current, we have an incredibly eclectic mix. And it's all about balance, Jeff. That's what it is.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah, it's all about the category. Sierra and Marmaxx do share information and they'll go to show it together, so that again we leverage as a corporation. But Marmaxx is definitely on the outdoor theme, and it's another great opportunity. It's another initiative.
Carol Meyrowitz: Patrick, you know what else is happening is a lot of the brands is German. There's some fantastic brands from Europe. And now they're all collaborating and vendors in Europe are now used to doing business with us. So that's helping too back and forth. Same thing in Europe, some of the American brands. So it's a combination of everybody globally working together. Again, you want that assortment in Sierra. You want Marmaxx hitting all the brands. You want the European brands. So that's what's making the mix exciting.
Carol Meyrowitz: Again, I think every year there's always competition. We're not players that go out and say we expect these huge comps. However, I would certainly believe that Marmaxx can do pretty well in the fourth quarter, and I really love their initiatives. And as I said, they're off to a good start. So would I be happy with that comp? Probably not.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Pam, every year we look at our gift-giving and we also do a lot of research with our customers, which is why our marketing campaign changed quite a bit. So we know where the opportunities were by category. So we re-evaluated all of that and we made a decision that we wanted to convert a little bit earlier. We like the flow and we're going to continue that flow. But the guys have done an incredible job of a combination of just globally getting together. And every single week, it's going to change into more and more of an exciting mix. So you saw those kayaks as an example. I'm holding my open-to-buy, because I just think it's going to be spectacular, and we worked very hard on it. So I'm very proud of the guys.
Carol Meyrowitz: A little disruption usually yields very positive for TJX. I mean it's not a good thing in the world. But, yes, and we will take full advantage of it.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think HomeGoods is probably one of the most unique businesses out there, and I don't think there's anybody that does business the way HomeGoods does. And I think they are so global in their sourcing and so unique, their turns are just insane. And it's a brand that everybody loves and I think it's got a long runway. And I'm excited about it. I think some day, it will be both online. And we give a number of how many stores, but I keep looking at the other home businesses and the number of stores that they have out there is far greater than HomeGoods. So I just think it's an amazing group that executes very well, and we have created an extremely exciting brand. So we all love it. And that's all we hear. I have to stop telling people I can't put a HomeGoods near their house.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think last year honestly, we just shipped too many too late. And we have a different strategy. And also, the weight of the coats. We've looked at it really by region, from the north to, I call it the cloud belt, to the south, so that we're much more regionally weight-wise appropriate. And that was a big opportunity. I think the ports are going to be a greater opportunity going forward. We did bring our gift-giving. Part of that increase in expense was bringing in our gift-giving early and making sure that we weren't caught by the ports. So we're in great position. But I think later, we're going to yield a great opportunity from the goods that haven't gotten through for most vendors and retailers as of yet.
Carol Meyrowitz: Why would I do that? I would rather beat it. It's important to be conservative. We feel very good and our job is to try to beat it.
Carol Meyrowitz: The only thing I can tell you is we had a strong November, but as I said, we're off to a very strong start. We had a strong December last year, and we got hit very hard in January with the weather. So I do think that we probably won't get hit as hard in the weather, because there were a lot of storms. I think our strategy is much better in terms of weather-proofing and where we're shipping our goods. I think our gift-giving is much stronger than a year ago. I think our flow is better than a year ago. And I think our marketing just in general is a lot stronger. So I look at all of those as opportunities.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, everyone, and I look forward to reporting the fourth quarter to you. And have a great holiday.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. As Carol mentioned, our third quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 2%, at the high end of our plan and over a 5% increase last year, our strongest quarterly comp in 2013. Our third quarter comp was driven by an increase in units sold, while customer traffic was slightly up and ticket was essentially flat. We were pleased with the sequential improvement in traffic from the first half of the year. As a reminder, our traffic calculation is based on the number of customer transactions. Diluted earnings per share were $0.85 compared with last year's reported $0.86. Last year's third quarter EPS included an $0.11 benefit. Excluding this benefit, earnings per share grew 13% over last year's adjusted EPS of $0.75. Foreign exchange was neutral to earnings per share, which is the same as last year. What our third quarter guidance had contemplated was $0.01 benefit. So clearly, FX was $0.01 worse than we expected. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 13% for the quarter, up 40 basis points versus strong growth last year. Gross profit margin was 29.4%, up 10 basis points versus last year's strong increase. Merchandise margins were slightly down primarily due to TJX Canada, which was hurt by FX. I should note that our Canadian organization did a great job of mitigating that impact. SG&A expense as a percent of sales was 16.2% for the quarter, 40 basis points improvement versus last year's ratio. The favorability versus the prior year was due to items related to our new home office facility last year and expense favorability. At the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses and excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were up 3% on a constant currency basis versus a 4% decline last year, as we transitioned into gift-giving a bit earlier this year. We are very comfortable with our inventory position with excellent liquidity. I should also note that our in-store inventories are planned to be down at year-end versus the prior year. In terms of share repurchases, during the third quarter, we bought back $448 million of TJX stock, retiring 7.5 million shares. Year-to-date, we have retired 21.5 million shares, buying back $1.2 billion of stock. We continue to anticipate buying $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion of TJX stock this year. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I'll recap our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '15 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to guidance beginning with the fourth quarter. We now expect fourth quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.86 to $0.90. This would be a 6% to an 11% increase over last year's $0.81 per share. This guidance now reflects a $0.02 negative impact from FX versus our prior assumption of FX being neutral. It also assumes a $0.02 negative impact due to a combination of additional expenses and investments. These include increased costs related to our supply chain and in-store marketing to improve the customer experience. We're also assuming some incremental expenses and additional investments as we prepare to open Austria and our next new country. It's important to note that our assumptions for comp sales growth and merchandize margin increases remain unchanged for the fourth quarter and full year. We're assuming fourth quarter consolidated sales in $8.1 billion to $8.2 billion range. This continues to be based on comps sales growth in the 1% to 2% range both on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Fourth quarter pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 11.9% to 12.2% range, down 10 basis points to up 20 basis points versus the prior year. We're anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be in the range 27.6% to 27.9%, flat to up 30 basis points versus the prior year. Again, this guidance continues to assume merchandize margins will be up and reflects our opportunities for improvement based on our learnings from the last year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be about 15.6%, flat with last year. Again, foreign currency rates are expected to have $0.02 negative impact on EPS this year versus $0.01 positive impact last year and our prior assumption of FX being neutral. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of around 37.8% and net interest expense of about $11 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximate $696 million. Now to our full year guidance. We are updating our full year guidance to reflect our third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. On a reported basis, we now expect fiscal '15 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.07 to $3.11. On an adjusted basis, excluding the second quarter debt extinguishment charge of an estimated $0.02, we expect EPS to be in the range of $3.09 to $3.13 over $2.94 in fiscal '14. As a reminder, fiscal '14 included a tax benefit of $0.11. Excluding this benefit, our guidance for the full year adjusted EPS would be up 9% to 11% over the prior year's adjusted $2.83. Foreign currency exchange rates are now expected to have $0.03 negative impact on full year EPS. This is $0.02 worse than our prior assumption of $0.01 negative impact and compares to our $0.01 positive impact last year. This outlook continues to be based on estimated consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2% for the full year. For the year, we expect pre-tax profit margins to be about 12.1%. On an adjusted basis, excluding the second quarter debt extinguishment charge, we expect pre-tax profit margins to be 12.1% to 12.2%. This would be flat to up 10 basis points versus 12.1% in fiscal '14. This reflects expected gross margins of 28.4% to 28.5%, which would be down 10 basis points to flat versus last year. Again, we continue to expect merchandize margins to be slightly up. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.1%, a 20 basis points improvement versus last year. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. We appreciate your cooperation with this. Thanks and we will now open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: I'm not going to break it down by division. But excluding Canada, again just as we had said earlier that we were relatively flat when you exclude Canada. Or said another way, we had some increases in freight. Again we're deliver to our stores more frequently than we have before, had a bit of cost due to the port slowdown. But again, I think we got ahead of that and really had very little impact. But overall, our mark-on and markdowns were relatively flat with last year. So we felt good about major components.
Scott Goldenberg: We can give it out for the full year, our updated full year guidance. So we don't give out division and so forth. So for the full year, I'll start with Marmaxx to be doing, excluding FX when I talk about Canada and Europe, the comp increase for the full year for Marmaxx is 1%. The segment margin is 14.6% to 14.7%. Again, this is unchanged at the high from the last time we gave guidance. HomeGoods 4% to 5% for the year, 13.1% to 13.2%, again up from last time where we had 13% at the high. I'll go back to Marmaxx for a second for the sales. The sales are planned to be $18.6 billion to $18.7 billion. At HomeGoods, the sales for the full year are $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. Moving to Canada, again ex-FX, the comps are planned 1% to 2%, the segment margin 13.1% to 13.2%, again higher by 30 basis points than the last time we gave the guidance on 08/19 on sales of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion. At Europe, 3% to 4% comps, segment margins 8.2% to 8.3% on sales of $4.1 billion to $4.1 billion, again for out total numbers 1% to 2% comp at 12.2% to 12.3%. So on ex-FX, we're 20 basis points better than last year.
Scott Goldenberg: In terms of the inventory, looking at the balance sheet inventory, they were up 8%. If you exclude the incremental packaways, total inventories would have been up less than the total sales growth of 6%. So we do have some incremental packaways versus the previous years.
Ernie Herrman: If you've been shopping at Citadel, you will see that over the last, I'd say, three months, there's been more categories and vendors. And again, that's kind of an open book, so you can shop by yourself and see the growth in the amount of categories.
Ernie Herrman: Omar, our model does allow us to flex more, because we buy so close in. So I think in some cases when the weather goes this way, we would have taken a hit worse than what we do take, because we're able to mitigate it with our liquidity. And that creates additional opportunities in the market. So yeah, we'll get hit on traffic initially like anyone else, but in the end, we can advantage of the other opportunities like in cold weather purchases. So it kind of evens out over time like Carol was saying.
Ernie Herrman: Bob, both categories you just talked about, I mean accessories have also a lot of different categories. We have big availability really across the board. So our challenge, like I think Carol was alluding to, is just pacing it and controlling how much we buy, how fast. And in denim, we can't give specifics, but denim performs really by a vendor and a fabrication issue. So we can't really get into specifics of what works there. But it works when you have the right item. I mean the availability is very strong there as well. It's really hard to find a category right now where there isn't a fair amount of goods.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah, Patrick, I would say it's really been an independently-driven situation like the Marmaxx merchants have, and I think Carol just pointed to, some of that outdoor goods. Whether we had Sierra Trading or not, we would be going after that. So even the kayaks that you saw, that was something they actually initiated at Marmaxx and it had nothing to do with Sierra. And some of the outerwear pieces you were talking about, which I feel I like some of those goods there, personally appealing and I think you probably find it exciting merchandize. They communicate, but they don't really drive each other's buys that way.
Ernie Herrman: It hasn't. Over the years, Mark, I've watched that cycle. We try to predict that as well based on the one year that's warmer, will they cut back, because they think next year will be warm again. Across the whole industry, it all kind of evens out, because some guys know that you can't predict it that way. It's not that simple. The weather doesn't always follow like in every other year, you know what I mean, which I think is what you're getting at, every other year pattern. We have run into maybe not the exact specific coats, but we haven't run into like enough coats in total if we wanted to continue to do it, and to drive the business. In addition, our relationships in Europe are just at a different level than they've ever been. And Europe offers a number of new resources for us in the outerwear area that we've been already capitalizing on. But when it comes to fourth quarter, we can go after some of those vendors even harder. So I think we have more doors to open now. And that's not really a concern. One of the things we have been doing also is starting off with a little different weight of goods. I think Carol mentioned that. So that's also helped us to have a better flow in the way we go in. And I think probably some of the vendors realizing they're trying to draw a middle ground in the type of goods they carry, and I think that probably helps in getting a little more bullish on cutting goods as well.
