Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I am extremely pleased that our momentum continued in the third quarter. Consolidated comp-store sales were strong 5% over a 5% increase last year and well above our plan. We are thrilled that customer traffic continued to be the primary driver of our comp again this quarter, which tells us that our merchandise mix and amazing values are resonating with consumers. We have convenience that we are gaining market share across all of our divisions. We also saw excellent performance in both our apparel and home businesses. Further merchandise margins were up significantly again this quarter, highlighting the strength of our model. Adjusted earnings per share went $0.91 also well above our expectations. Importantly, we believe that we achieve these results despite significant wage and foreign currency headwinds and while simultaneously investing to support our growth. With our strong third quarter performance we are raising our guidance for adjusted EPS growth. We are in at excellent position for the holiday selling season with many initiatives plan to drive traffic in sales throughout the quarter. As always, our management team has passionate about achieving its plans and striving to surpassed them. We are very confident and our ability to continue our successful growth and that is both in the U.S. and around the world. Before I continue, I’ll turn the call over to Scott to recap our third quarter numbers.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Lorraine, also I think another thing I guess it speaks to mix a little bit -- is we had some seasonal -- the weather was fairly warm and we consciously went into third quarter knowing we’re going to push back some of the seasonal categories, which tend to the higher ticket as well. So, as Scott said, we went after the touch for any category, but we also affected the ticket by consciously pushing off things like outwear a little bit later and heavy on its sweaters that tend to be higher ticket. So hopefully that makes sense and hopes answer that question. I think we’ll continue to moderate as best we think. The only unknown is the market is loaded with goods and that piece that Scott referred to as the second piece could still be applicable as the environment stage rather difficult. We want to continue to take advantage of those opportunities. So tough to say, we still have plenty of open to buy as we look out into the spring first quarter, but hopefully that answered it.
Ernie Herrman: So, Michael, you’re hitting on the two grade points. First of all, we look at it as market share opportunities. We’re very reluctant to raise prices unless we see them raised. So we don’t lead that process, we let those retailers as you’re talking about even though that the lean inventories. They still have unfortunately rights in many cases decreasing sales based. So they are not necessarily going to raise that we haven’t seen any way. And we let that process happen more bottom up from our buyers and merchandise managers that are always looking at what the other retailers are retailing actually. So, I tell you yes represent two opportunities, we do a little bit above, we might be able to go up and we tell as we see it happening, we just don’t call that about our level, we really let that. Just like when by the way when you have average tickets were going down, that was driven by strategy from the buyer and merchandising manager level. This happens surgically, very surgically by item, by vendor down at the department level, when we surgically take them up at that time. So, hopefully that answers your question. It’s really too -- you're hitting on both appropriately both aspects.
Ernie Herrman: The only thing that we talked about in terms of region and in terms of our largest division Marmaxx, the sales were strong across all of our regions in the U.S. I’m not sure, if you’re asking about the divisions or you’re asking about Marmaxx, but sales were strong across all divisions and we are pleased that both parallel sales we’re getting strong for the year third quarter in a row at Marmaxx as well.
Ernie Herrman: Overtime here recently, so there is a -- how would I put it -- there is always a lot of goods, but as you saw or heard in the script and we talked about that last time as well. The market is ramped up a little bit in terms of more loaded market place across more categories than we have seen in the past. So as much as you will read that we tell you timed up an inventory, we are not running into that situation in terms of market availability in terms of what's in the wholesale market. So that presents an opportunity for us to where possible run with linear inventories to take advantage closer in on the buying. So hopefully you understand, we are going to try to buy I guess simplifying it more hand to mouth closer in than we were a year ago because of the availability.
Ernie Herrman: It's a piece, yes, while we have an iteration sometimes when you look at this year versus last year, you can -- when you're off-price and opportunistic, you can have gyrations that hit point in time that aren't pure as that. But we did feel like at this time period, it would be nice to have more liquidity based on what's going on in the market. So it was -- I would say I don’t know half of that was a strategy.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I would say right now this is textbook where we would like to be. We couldn't ask for to be in a better position going into this quarter than where we are right in the inventories and the open a buy.
Ernie Herrman: So Paul very good questions, I would say the first one is on the investments, we are very methodical about it. So we don’t as others have we aren’t going in investing at the high service peak. So we are -- I guess you would call leveling off on our investments there actually, because we are couple of years in on the tjmax.com business. So again very comfortable, we like the traffic we are getting. We like to sales the way it's doing and on the flip side as you know what be coming up, be careful on your cost structure. So, in terms of the domestic e-com businesses which are really tjmax.com and STP, we have taken a hard look at the cost structures and making sure that we will keep our investment at a very appropriate level and in fact a leveling off level, I guess would be the best way to describe it. Also in Europe, similar approach and we are actually running that very efficiently and same idea with the investments we are looking hard and fast and all of that links into your second quarter why do we do all that. While our e-com business in total is only little over 1% of our total business so when you ask that question first of all what the e-com increase has helped our comp ES but what it register I would say not mathematically not that strong because it’s such a small percentage of the total today. Having said that, it's growing at a faster clip than the brick-and-mortar just a very small base of over 1%.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, ironically, Paul, in Europe it would actually move the comp there a little bit because we’re little bigger in New York as a percent to our business. And I was just in Europe last week coincidently, and we spent quite a bit of time talking strategically about where we’re going with e-commerce as well as looking at the metrics and what it's doing for the total in terms of traffic et cetera. And it would actually move the comp in Europe, but not a full point, but a little bit just under that actually.
Ernie Herrman: That’s what I was going on that. So, Brian, in terms of Europe, it’s the good timing for your question. I was there all the last week coincidently and we went hit a lot of floor walks with the merchants as well as our field store personnel and we are well poised for the fourth quarter. I have to tell you that I am extremely bullish on what I saw over there last week for where we are heading into mid-November in terms of mix in the stores and how we’re presenting and how we’re staff for servicing the customers, so feeling very good about that. The other things keep in mind there and this I think starts to answer your question at least in terms of yes comp would help. Why do I think the comp will get better is they're positioned well, but the sales that we have the flat quarter, we were dealing with unseasonably warm, unseasonably warm weather there. And you look at the environment as it is and we are clearly gaining market share. If you look at some of those results that come out and we don’t like to get specifics on that, but you can see that we are making very major in-roads, not to similar than we are see here. It’s just all of the numbers are lower there. There are bigger decreases, some store closings we just announced from a couple of the retailers over there, which you can figure out who they were. And so we’re very bullish on our market share gain there. The FX is really put a bit of damper on the margin rate starting now often and talking about how they have to come back to us at one point. And the medium-and short-term here that I am looking for us to continue to gain more customers and that team over there, I wish sometime you could see the team over there, they are extremely diligent and saying execution when times get tough. So one of the things I get them credit for, I think you notice the profit over there was slightly above our segment profit plan and that was due to how diligently, they control their liquidity and managed expenses on the quarter, when the sales are only flat. So I give that a lot of credit for same liquid watching expenses and get employees for availability of which you can imagine, they have enormous availability over there for the fourth quarter, so again feeling very good about that.
Ernie Herrman: So Omar, I would say that what you said right very end about, not reading too much into product with right attitude, we are -- this is a classic case of wanting to stay as we always have conservative in our planning and our intension here is to beat those numbers. It just we have a long way to go in the quarter and so we have planned to stock at the beginning of the year, up against one of our healthier quarters. When you look at couple of years' stock, we just thought it was on our end to be judicious and conservative. And it's really no dip in the math. So, again the last thing you said, I wouldn’t read too much into it. We are feeling good about it, but that’s the best way we thought to plan that quarter relative to the other quarters we plan to two to three.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Bob. We’ll talk a little bit about the progressions and Scott will get that a little bit together. On the home business I think we talked about it and one thing by the way I would like everyone to know is, our apparel business has been strong throughout the year and the last quarter. So, it has been healthy all the way across board, but our home business in particular as you guys can see from HomeGoods results has continued to take major market share and accelerate. That would apply to Marmaxx's home business is healthy. We don’t give the numbers obviously and I would just say domestically home continues to present an opportunity for us, and we will continue to expand their and execute. And again we like our model there, it's quite the treasure hunt and quite the impulsive model that has resonated extremely well with consumers, all year long and we don’t see that changing, so a great question.
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Mike. This is we’ve talked about in some of the supply chain advantages that we’ve created over the last few years while we have enabled the merchants to do is by a little closer and we’ve probably saved and we can’t really give you an exact amount of time but it's really down to how about this, it's down there more like a few weeks. And it used to be double that not so long ago. So what that has allowed our merchants to do is continue to buy later into the season with more knowledge and take advantage of more inventory close out lists that sometime show up at a time when before, it would have become a pack away. And now we can become in season sales driver that is going for the vendor because they don’t have to deal with us on a pack away. And at the same time straight for our customers more importantly because they get to see this fresh goods hitting just before Christmas or just before Thanksgiving that are very fresh and just recently in other stores. So, great question, again it’s been one of the big needle movers I think in our buying approach over the last five or seven years.
Ernie Herrman: Well, so we have few different ways. One is our divisions or more links up. So we have a division in Europe, which as many buyers in Europe division in Canada that travels to Europe and internationally, as well as satellite buying offices, we have buyers in Europe and satellite office to represents HomeGoods and Marmaxx. We have California buying office, they travel to other countries. Our buying offices do a lot more exploratory trips. All the different buying offices will try going in the new places where we think that our new categories of goods that will be exciting. Examples are like leather goods out of Italy. So or something that is out of Africa that would be great in the home deck area. Those are type of things you’re talking that we hit Marmaxx that a more global type buys. There’s clearly if you look, we even had like outdoor type items that are bought HomeGoods and is going to brought certainly obviously internationally purchase buy or so. We’ve added to like, I think I talked about the buying staff has doubled over the last 10 years and part of that buying structure is buying global merchandise, buying from other areas. So that has been a huge, huge advantage. That’s why we have the 1,000 buyers now. And when you see that, I think I mentioned that we have 18,000 vendors and that has growing up a significant amount really just the five years. A lot of those vendors are international vendors and are giving us that different flavor. So, it's a great question because what we get out of it we think is a differentiating piece in our mix that other retailers really can't show. And it's because as I said in my script that’s where I think where our sourcing machine and really we just have a very talented buying team that gets a lot of ground cover in a lot of parts of world. Hopefully that answers your question.
Ernie Herrman: Sure Richard, so Sierra Trading Post when we acquired it we have -- and I think we have talked about this before, we have been going through some learnings in terms of remodeling the business, because the business, the website was much more promotional than as you can imagine we would wanted to be being an aggregate value our price retailer. So interesting timing I you would ask this question because we have recently taken a good chunk of that and gone to everyday value that when I say recently that was about a month ago. And we were not happy with our results prior to that as we were kind of wining ourselves off that situation, but since that we are feeling a much better about the day and day out traffic and purchases. We still are not all in all happy with the website business. It's a little early to tell. So we have really done after the store initiative, which I think we have talked about. We want -- we have got plenty of room now to find out a bulk of way of business because of this value pricing. We have done some reorg with merchants that are in place, and we are feeling really good about going forward there. And we will actually -- we have somewhat to can't talk about some interesting marketing plans for the website going forward that I think are going to pay this dividend along with the value pricing that we have started there. We're putting some new merchants there to help with the website business. And the store end of the STP business, we have actually been very with that one been a longer term success rate for us. It's just early and it's really early in the whole curve of building that business. So, we are going to have some sites that at yearend call will talk in more that depth. We won't go into that today. We will talk about at yearend call, some of the stores that we are going to open there and we will give more color I think on the total business at that point in time.
Ernie Herrman: So, I believe that is the end of our call. Thank you all for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you at our yearend earnings call in February. Thank you everybody.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. Now, the fiscal '17 guidance beginning with the fourth quarter, we expect earnings per share to be in a range of $0.96 to $0.98 versus last year's $0.99 per share. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact EPS growth of about 3% due to wage increases and approximately 6% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. We are modeling fourth quarter consolidated sales of 9.3 billion to 9.4 billion. This guidance assumes 2% negative impact revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we are assuming growth in the 1% to 2% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. This compares to a strong 6% comp increase for both TJX and Marmaxx in the fourth quarter last year. Fourth quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 11.0% to 11.1% range versus 11.9% last year. We are anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 27.9 to 28.0 versus 28.7 last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales in a range of 16.8% to 16.9% versus 16.7% last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.3% and net interest expense of about $10 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $657 million. Moving on to full year guidance, on a GAAP basis we expect fiscal '17 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.39 to $3.41. As we noted in our press release today, we are raising our adjusted full year diluted earnings per share guidance to reflect above plan third quarter results excluding the combined impact from the third quarter debt extinguishment and pension settlement charges, we are now expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.46 to $3.48 this would be up 4% to 5% versus $3.33 in fiscal '16. Our plan assumes a negative impact EPS growth of about 3% due to wage increases and approximately 3% due to foreign current and transactional foreign exchange. As a remainder, we expect that wage increases will have the similar negative impact of approximately 3% to fiscal '18 EPS growth. On a consolidated basis we are expecting a comp increase of 4% in fiscal '17. For the year, we expect pretax profit margin to be approximately 11.2% excluding the negative impact from the third quarter debt extinguishment and pension settlement charges of approximately 20 basis points. We expect adjust pretax profit margins to be in the range of 11.3% to 11.4% range versus 11.8% last year. We are looking for gross profit margin to be approximately 28.9% versus 28.8% last year. We expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be about 17.4% versus 16.8% last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.4% and net interest expense of about $44 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $664 million. Now to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we are now planning comp growth of 4% on sales of $21.1 billion. Additionally, we expect segment profit margin to be about 14%. For the fourth quarter, we are assuming Marmaxx’s average ticket to be down versus last year. At HomeGoods, we now expect comps to increase 5% to 6% on sales of $4.4 billion. We now expect segment profit margin to be in the range of 13.4% to 13.5%. At TJX Canada, we are now planning a comp increase of 8% to 9% on sales of $3.2 billion. We now expect adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency to be in the range of 13.6% to 13.7%. At TJX International, we are expecting comp growth of about 2% on sales of $4.4 billion and adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency to be about 5.8%. It’s important to remember that our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and now we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: So, I’ll just start and Ernie will chime in. First on average ticket, as we said earlier it’s -- the majority of it in the third quarter has to do with chasing categories. So, it was more mix related based on consumer preferences that we were just -- that we’re working on and we are following their taste. I’d also like to just point out that we are buying better and passing some of those values onto the customers as our merchandise margin approved the both based on certainly markdown improvement based on the strong sales, but also an improvement in our mark-on so.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, the only other thing to add is that on our last call, we didn’t make a call on the average ticket. So, we have now average retail down in Marmaxx in the fourth quarter, so that’s a change from our prior guidance. So, we provided for some of those cost in the fourth quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: Well, I’ll try to get all three questions there Matt. The first in terms of the gross margin being up 50 basis points, so the majority of that was due to strong merchandise margin led by Marmaxx. We also had hedge benefit, so we would have been up more than the 50 with the combination of those two. But they are offset as we had cost related supply chain cost including our DC investments that offset actually some of the buying and occupancy leverage we had with our rent tax in camp. So a strong merchandise margin and some gain on the hedges offset by the supply chain cost. In terms of -- I’ll go the third question on next year, too early to make a call on the FX. We will certainly talk about it next quarter, but as we talked about last quarter with the continuing drop of the pound, there clearly could be some pressure for FX next year primarily with the British pound impact on our Europe business.
Scott Goldenberg: The fourth quarter headwinds a significant part of that in the gross -- I assume you're calling at the gross margin is the two things, one is the reversal of the gain we had on the hedge which make up little less than half of our 70 basis point drop in gross profit margin of fourth quarter and then the continued supply chain cost, but also some deleveraged on the two comp at the high end that we have that’s in the buying and occupancy line. So those would be the three major headwinds in the fourth quarter to the gross margin.
Scott Goldenberg: This is Scott. I think nothing, no new store report in terms of whether it’s wages investments or as I talked earlier in terms of answering the question Matt asked on FX. So, we’ll be giving long-term -- we’ll be giving guidance and updating it on the next call as in that really no news store report. All, Michael, as we will plan to get into more debt FY18.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I mean we just to echo on what Ernie, we ended the second quarter with our inventories on a constant currency flat, and we delivered a flat comp. And I think going back over many periods whether our inventories have been low or slightly higher than that it's really has an impacted our ability to procure the inventory and fit whatever sales are out there for us to get. Having said that, as Ernie said, also we are very conformable in our per-store inventories at the store across all our divisions are pretty much where we want them to be.
Scott Goldenberg: It's growing so fast that it would actually kick the comp up a bit not the region. If I, Paul, it's Scott, as Ernie said, it's 1% of our total sales growth by 1% by our total sales growth by definition the most you can round it would be to round it potentially a 1% in total, on TJX basis.
Scott Goldenberg: I’ll jump in before Ernie talks about Europe in more detail, Brian. But it's just too early to speculate on potential impact of new policies or legislation until it's passed and then we’d only comment obviously if it's relevant to our business, so just too early at this point to speculate. And in terms of Europe, I’ll just start off for a second, then Ernie. Some of the biggest impact has been FX over the -- certainly couple of. This year, it has been with Canada. We’ve had opening up the new businesses, not new businesses, new countries in the last year or two. We’ve also been ramping up the number of stores. So with the 50 plus stores we’ve opened up both this year, I mean almost hit that level the last year, new stores since it takes several years to get majority to put a big of an impact on your earnings that in combination with the systems. And the infrastructure needed to support that score of store and certainly put it down. So, it’s really less about the comp, the same level of comp when you hit that three plus rang at all divisions. All things being equal as usually the break point, but with wage systems and opening up the number of stores in the countries put a bit of pressure. The only thing before Ernie talks about Trade Secret and Europe in general as we move to the fourth quarter, we purchased Trade Secret at the end of October a year ago. So, in terms of the deleverage, we would expect that to moderate and that'd be a meaningful impact as we enter actually the quarter that we’re currently in the fourth.
Scott Goldenberg: Hi, Kimberly. So just to cover, again as I said earlier really no new news here, so the biggest thing we call out we reiterated again on in this script today was that there is the 3% wage increase. So that we still have in the 3% impact next year in terms of EPS growth. In terms of other items, too early to make call on the FX rather than at this point it would be -- I mean it's clearly we sold out a 3% overall impact this year too early to make a call as in with the continued drop of the pound over the last two quarters. It would be some impact, but that’s about all. We are going to say at this point in time, there is too much buying that hasn’t taken place and all too really get specific in terms of what the impact on currency will be on our mark on. And as we all know there has been a lot of movement from the last two years at the end of currency, so too early to call on the mark-to-market, other than what we have in our guidance for the fourth quarter. In terms of the investment for both systems and supply chain, you are correct, we have the two DCs of Canada and HomeGoods that happen this year, but we really haven't been specific other than what we said in the last two quarters that we expected our supply -- overall supply chain in IT cost to be about the same impact next year. But again that’s not our -- that’s what we have been saying we will give further clarification on that on our year end call. So unfortunately no new news in terms of the specific timing of how it's going to impact the quarters in the next year.
Scott Goldenberg: We never actually broke out the specific other than in terms of an EPS growth we were really just calling out the FX and the wage increases. So other than and that’s really it.
Scott Goldenberg: And the only other thing I would add is the thing that’s been bit of as Ernie talked about earlier and I think Ernie would say out, is the average ticket impact to next year, so too early.
Scott Goldenberg: And Bob in terms of the cadence and unfortunately to disappoint you, that’s been several years and that we don’t comment on the enter quarter sales trends.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, Mike. So we have the same amount of wage and I’ll call supply, the investments that we have and except last year, we’re in the fourth quarter, we’re against the contribution we made to our foundation and some incentive accruals that due to the great fourth quarter we had last year that were more booked, we’re a higher percentage we booked in the fourth quarter. So recycling that, so we have a benefit and that’s why we have the significantly lower SG&A rate in the fourth quarter.
