Ernie Herrman: If I can just jump in there, Paul. The amount of social and many of you've probably seen at the social media that circulated from our customers the passion and the devotion to shopping our stores and you could absolutely get. You could feel the entertainment value and how they -- these are the ones that had obviously come into our stores during the second quarter. So that was really great authentic viral marketing that we were very pleased with. The other thing as Scott mentioned our payroll. And the thing I would like to point out is our mindset has been to come out of this whole situation when the business and the environment, the retail environment normalizes. We're doing everything spending now not looking at it as a short term. We're looking at what benefit does it pay back later? So one of the things on payroll, I was just in five -- I went to every one of our brands the other day domestically, and then every one of those stores, we have had and many of you might have experienced. We have greeters at the front of the store ensuring and presenting a comfort and safety presence as well as customer service. But every one of the stores we went in, they did not and why it was coming had two leaders actually in the front of the store. And we believe the part of our OSAT scores, Karen Coppola, our Head of Marketing who is very involved in this. We believe that those OSAT scores are pretty high because we're showing. And we believe this is for the future showing that safety is a priority for us. And we are thinking as customers get more comfortable that's going to help. So I wanted to highlight that as a midterm benefit we think coming out of this.
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Paul. So first of all, let's start at the top of the sales trend as you just talked about. So home goods, but first of all, yes, we think that will continue not just to the next quarter, but through the fourth quarter as well and into next year, the dynamic of. Well, as you know, we have a tremendous business in home goods. It's been a fast growing business, pre-COVID. But now you have based on the behaviors of the consumer right now, going on externally with more people staying at home. And even if businesses reopen, if you have more people virtually working from home is the future might indicate, we believe home goods will continue. We are executing well. We are figuring out the flow there to improve from our current inventory position. Having said that even with our current inventory position, their inventory has been very productive and we are very happy with the sales. We just think there's more sales and market share, up for grabs in the home area. And we think home goods are well positioned to do that. So I think you don't need any color as far as that. Now let me go the other way, Canada, on the other hand, which you mentioned, we were very slow out of the box because we had a distributor. First of all, they had less when we finally opened and about, I think 75% of the chain, Scott, I think we opened up there when we finally opened, we did not have as much merchandise already sitting there in the distribution centers or in the pipeline going from distribution centers to stores and our distribution center there was not allowed to open for another few weeks, three weeks, I believe from the stores. So that really put pressure on our sales up there. And to this day we're still really behind on our inventory position there. We actually, I give that team a lot of credit within a matter of a few weeks. They went out and got additional processing help from a third party to help with the addition shall be given the social distancing that's required which had lowered productivity and our current facilities. We had gone out and very quickly got a third party to help and so their production going forward looks much better. But that's really the number one reason that they are such a spread relative to the other divisions. Then you go to Europe and Europe was a bit of a different tale and that they, we opened in Germany first and waves and sales were very strong, not the similar trends that in the states, at the first opening we're running big increases and then in the UK similar situation and then it got to the point where chasing the inventory again right going back but their trends we've been pretty happy with the trends over in Europe. I would say our division that right now we're trying to get back on track as fastest is Canada, so, and then our online businesses have been as you would guess, have been doing, had strong business, but again, they are only a small percent of our total. So that really doesn't move anything in the total in any big direction right now. So that's, I think when you look out you see Canada is getting better home goods will get even stronger Marmaxx is so the last one is Marmaxx has saying you know all the dynamics initially and then they had hit with a bit of an inventory challenge there. And we have the footfall challenge there which I think will still continue for a number of months. However, what we are doing the number one thing in Marmaxx very aggressive is putting our funding over the next three to six months into the hot categories and taking down we are take defunding and taking down the inventory in the softer areas. So that we think is going to bode well and those maximizing the sales within Marmaxx over the next three to six months, and we feel good about that strategy as we go into next year because Marmaxx, as you know, can do a pretty significant home business, as well as a few other departments there, which we won't say that are also keeping they're very hot now also that we think we can use to help increase Marmaxx sales. So I think that answers it.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, interesting question Mark. We talked about that, and we've heard about that. So what we do is we will ship and this applies to all four of our brick and mortar divisions. Clearly we will ship some of the different holidays fairly early. We've always done that to get a read on whether then we, because we have a fair amount of it in our warehouse that we can then. As opposed to other retailers that ship, when they receive the goods in the distribution and they ship it right to the source. We have the, not a luxury but we have the flexibility to start shipping goods to the stores and then based on the, if more of the business is coming earlier, we can then ship more than we had planned on because we already own it, ironically in the seasonal businesses. So, we've heard it our planning areas. In fact, we've had a recent discussion in our couple of divisions hear about getting a read early enough to see if we can pull some of that business earlier. I have to tell you, we're not, I don't know about that theory though. I don't know why, I understand that people would like that to be to maybe help have a social distancing for the fourth quarter I just don't know if the consumers are going to, if they will represent that very, I don't know if they're going to behave that way necessarily. And with, if there's a lot of unemployment still, I do question the urge to shop earlier when in theory, some things could be better value the later they shop. So, great question, though. There has been a fair amount of press on that.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Alex. So it isn't a significant number of categories, it's only a small portion because -- and we know that because every week we track the dollars that we buy close in. And we are buying a significant portion of what we think we would buy within the major categories in a family of business. So it's not significant, but it's enough that it won't be as perfect as we would like and won't maximize every single dime. Having said that, I think we are going to be 95% getting what we would think we want in the hot categories. Now to your other question, we don't actually give what categories we're having gap since as far as you can imagine for competitive reasons. And then why we think this has happened is pretty simple. So this is where why we think it also gets better as you get to Q4 and then specifically Q1 becomes a non-issue is when COVID first started and a lot of the retailers had to stop taking orders, a lot of the manufacturers stopped the early fall or fall on order in certain categories. So all that happened is they stopped buying on their end. So naturally it wouldn't be because other people are taking, it's because the vendors, in many cases, stopped buying the imports. Do you see what I'm saying? So that's really the driver in most situations why that happened. But then as everyone has opened back up starting in the May-June and they start to see a run rate, there's a high confidence level that they will be back to placing more. And as you get to fourth quarter and really first quarter, there should be more than plenty. By the way, now back to your availability question. Availability right now is extremely high. When I point that out, it's only in some certain categories may be that we are not going to find some goods. Having said that, let me be clear, there is more out there than we could buy in total. So it's just -- it may not come exactly by category and some of the categories we normally would have been chasing. So it's not going to be a strategically by category or is perfect by category would be a better way of saying it. But in total, more than we can buy, even I mean right now more than we can buy.
Ernie Herrman: And again, we are aiming -- we are focusing, we are placing a disproportionate amount into the hot categories, the trending categories, we call it versus the non-trending. And again, I did mention early, what a couple of you months. You can picture what consumers right now would not be running out to buy, just from the habits all around you and people are not really going to -- they want to be comfortable in the types of clothes they're wearing. They are not wearing anything on the bottom line of borderline of a dress here, type of apparel. And I think that would actually not surprise you. And if you look at the results of the stores, as everyone reports, I think that will mimic when you look at who's doing business where. That will give you a roadmap as to which categories just from a behavior of consumers in this country and the other countries around, and we're seeing similar dynamics across every country we're in.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Jamie. I would like to wrap up now and thank you all for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our third quarter earnings call in November. And from the team here at TJX, amidst everything going on, we hope you all stay well and we wish you good health, and please take care everyone. Thank you.
Scott Golderberg: Yes, and just to reiterate a little what Ernie said, Alex, is that they -- what Ernie was referring to is we're committed in terms of as a percent of what we would normally buy through the third quarter, similar to the last year at this point. So we're placing, getting the goods. And in fact, over the last few weeks, we have been placing a significant amount of goods. And if anything...
Scott Golderberg: Significantly more than last year. Part of that I think is a little -- as Ernie said, a little catch up, but I think we're ordering at the rate that in another week or two will be significant ahead. Some of that is planned because there are, Ernie indicated earlier, some longer lead times. But we've now started to catch that and hopefully we'll totally right-size it very shortly. And so, yes, significantly more orders. So it's not the availability. It's across all of the different banners that we have. And I think we have -- taking advantage of a lot of the benefits that we have. Our buying offices have helped us greatly in terms of global buying offices around the world. So we feel real good about what we've been buying.
Scott Golderberg: Yes. So yes, exactly. We've been moderating that impact. Still an impact, but it's certainly moderated significantly. The -- I think just an overall in terms of getting at your question of the mix. Some of the mix of the categories, I only want to just mention home, but there are other categories where, as Ernie indicated, chasing the hot categories the cost structure. The biggest difference really is the average retails have been down and would likely be down a fair amount in the third quarter and fourth quarter based on the mix trend. But at this point, we would say that it's kind of a wash that the mark-on that better buying is offsetting the cost for having the mix of the goods. So that's all I have to say about that. So I don't think net-net it's a impact.
