Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. Before I review the quarter, I want to take a moment to say how excited we are about our recent news that Ernie will become the next CEO of TJX. As you the know, the Board plans to elect Ernie as CEO at the beginning of our next fiscal year. The board and I could not be more convinced that Ernie is the right person to lead TJX into the future is proven successful track record, leadership abilities, strategic vision, discipline and focus are all characteristics that we believe make an absolutely the right choice.  Succession planning has always been a priority of TJX and we are confident that our long thoughtful and deliberate process will results in a seamless transition. I will remain active with the company in the role of Executive Chairman and very much look forward to continuing to work with Ernie and the team. Moving to the third quarter, I’m extremely pleased with our continued strong momentum, we are thrilled with our customer traffic gains as we continue to strive to takes a bigger piece of the pie. We believe on many initiatives to attract new shoppers are working and that we are growing our customer base. It was great to see strong performance across our apparel, accessory and home categories demonstrating that our amazing values and merchandise mix are resonating with our consumers across all of our geographies. Earnings per share was $0.86 significantly above our plan, our 5% consolidated comp store sales growth over 2% increase last year continued our strong trend from the first two quarters of the year and was also well above our expectations. The comp was entirely driven by customer traffic. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter and traffic was the primary driver of our comp sales growth.  off-price : We believe our continued strong sales traffic increases and merchandise margins speaks the fundamental strength of this business. Also during the quarter, we were delighted to open our first store in the Netherlands and add Trade Secret in Australia to our family of companies. I’m very happy to say that we now operate in nine countries on three continents. The addition of Australia clearly increases our already enormous global growth opportunities, which Ernie will discuss more on a year-end call in February. We are pleased to see our traffic increases continue in the fourth quarter and I couldn’t be more excited about the holiday selling season. We have many surprises in the store for our customers, we see many near and long-term growth opportunities for TJX. To support our goals for growth and gaining market share, we are reinvesting in the business and strengthening our global foundation. I’m very confident that we have the right balance of growth and investment strategies in place to become a $40 billion plus global value retailer. So before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott and he will recap our third quarter numbers.
Carol Meyrowitz: So Omar that’s all about execution and delivering the right products to right stores at the right time and every year we learn and we get better weatherproofing our business. And it just comes back to the model, we learn and we keep ourselves very flexible. So it’s just really guys executed extremely well, they did the right categories, the right timing, they did a fabulous job. So I would say rather I you know I would rather not talk about weather, but I hope every single quarter, we get better at figuring out how to transition, so just great execution.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, I mean our average ticket - as we have said we have that build into our fourth quarter, a little bit into first quarter and then that should start to mitigate at that point. Foreign exchange, I hope it’s an opportunity next year and you never know.
Carol Meyrowitz: I’m going to throw it over to Ernie for availability, because we are kind of looking at each other and going Oh My God, but any way. First of all, we really aren’t going to talk about our secret sauce, we have built a machine, we have buyers around the world, we think we have the most eclectic exciting mix and that’s what drives our business. Last year, we felt we wanted to improve our apparel mix, I think the guys did a fabulous job of the right brands in the right fashion and Ernie talked inventory, it's just really exciting.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, Mike, some of it is mix, but a lot of it is looking at what we did last year and looking across the country at what is really the right, again the right product in the right parts of the country at the right time. So it's a combination of everything. It's just we get better at it. Every year we look and we say, what did we do wrong and what could we do better? We never look at it as let’s just repeat exactly what we did. We always try and improve and that's the part of innovation, it's part of learning, it's part of our secret sauce, it's part of our sourcing, so we strive to be better every year. That's what keeps our comps going.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, e-commerce doesn't produce the kind of operating income that Marmaxx does it, you are look at 14% almost operating income, so what it does do is build traffic, it is bringing in new customers and it's doing exactly what we wanted to do and it's giving the convenience of shopping, which is why we are differentiating it. Number one, it's not the same as that product in the store, because it's enticing for people to continue shopping 24/7. And we believe that as that grows in the future, it brings customers into the store which we are seeing. So the combination of bringing in new customers and seeing a lifetime value of a customer that shops online and in brick-and-mortar, is really what is driving for. So we carefully invest and that's why we're not going dung-ho and investing a billion dollars online that really wouldn't be smart. So when we say we're investing carefully and methodically that's what we mean.
Carol Meyrowitz: Absolutely, well, yes, we haven't really increased the percentage or - as Ernie just said, the market is so loaded with curing good and that's what you really want. Yes, at the end of the season are they going to be a ton of coats in cold weather available, probably and we'll take full advantage of that but we really want to be the best brands and most of current and the right fashion.
Carol Meyrowitz: We will be going through - at the end of the year we will be talking going forward, but the wage impact will hit us next year. However, there is positive to that and we think that we keep people longer and we build our talent and we think that’s all positive to the in-store experience. So long-term I think that’s going to be positive for us.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay, well Roxanne really the strength in Europe and Canada, I'm kind of repeating myself is really about execution. We really act as one and a global organization so we are able to advantage of the trends around the world and I just think that our team is getting stronger and stronger. So it just comes down to share execution. In terms of Trade Secret. Well we’re hoping a little bit smaller, but we’re hoping it’s a mini Canada, so we’re pretty excited about it. We’ll invest in it appropriately, but we think it’s a tremendous opportunity, there is really no great value retailers there, it’s a very strong demographic average income, it’s actually a little bit higher than Canada. So we’re feeling great about it.
Carol Meyrowitz: So Paul, we were across the board strong, I’m not going to divided up by region, but we just had strong comp across the board. And as far as T.J. Maxx, Scott you do want to comment on that, I mean it’s small today, it’s a good growth but…
Carol Meyrowitz: Not at all. If anything, we think we’re attracting really traffic people. It’s so important to understand our culture too and that’s what really keeps our turnover pretty low and keeps people here year-after-year. We’re actually going to be soon hitting a 40-year anniversary of our first off prior store.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. I’m going to tell first of all, there isn’t a year that Ernie is not like making the guide stay home. So it’s very plentiful now but every single year, we never have a shortage of finding merchandise that we love. So it just a matter of the magnitude of it, its plentiful today. But again it’s not - we’ve always had to manage our open to buy globally, it’s an ongoing process.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. First of all, there is always competition in the world. We were just talking the other day and Ernie said, you remember [Low Men's] (Ph) and how many off-price stores there were out there. Our job is to be innovative, to be ahead of it. We've built a machine with the number of stores we have I mean 3,600 stores the vendor relationships, the cloud, the global leveraging, is all what makes TJX what it is, we’ve been doing this for almost 40-years. So there is always competition and our job is to be outrageous value every day and have a very unique eclectic mix and that’s what we strive for. We don’t harp on we move forward, we don’t harp on the competition, we like competition, we like when we are next two, I won’t name certain stores, but we’re fine with it, it brings traffic and our job is to do a better job. In terms of real estate, we’re excited, because we’ve opened more countries and Ernie is always balancing how much to do in Europe, how much to do in the United States, but we’ll update you on a store count next year, but today its business as usual.
Carol Meyrowitz: We will eventually, yes. Lorraine I think the thing - what Ernie is doing right now is building the buying group and the team to get a strong foundation, but certainly that’s not in our store count, but we certainly see it is.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it’s a combination of mix and also the level of brands. I mean we are getting outrageous deals from a lot of better brands. So we’re pretty comfortable with going into the second quarter. We will always keep the right distance between us and everyone it may be, yes we will be at the right value, but I think we're pretty clear in what we see going forward.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, we're getting the younger customers. We absolutely are, even in our HomeGoods is even getting younger customer, and they're targeting it, we want to get them young and we want to keep them, but we're keeping our -- again we've such a wide demographic of all the customers and younger, but our newer customers are tending to be younger.
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean basically we're raising the average pay, we look at it across the board, everything that Scott gave you in terms of the number is inclusive and it's inclusive of what we've done globally. So, A, we've buy the by the laws, but B, we felt it was the right thing to do and our goal is to retain people and to build to our culture. We look at everything in the long-term and we want people to come into work here and be happy everyday and work harder at TJX. So, I think we're building the right environment and I think we're doing all the right things for the future.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well I want to thank everyone and have a great holiday and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and have a great one and thank you Melissa.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol and good morning everyone. As Carol mentioned, our third quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 5% continuing our strong trend this year and exceeding our plan. This quarter marks our 27th consecutive quarter of consolidated comp store sales growth. As a reminder, our comp sales exclude e-commerce. We were very pleased that customer traffic was the primary driver of our comp increases at every division. It was also great to see a strong increase in our unit sold again this quarter. As we anticipated, average ticket decreased which was essentially in line where we had planned it. Diluted earnings per share were $0.86 versus last year’s $0.85 and also well above our plan. It’s important to note that our third quarter EPS growth was negatively impacted by 7% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange and about 4% primarily due to our wage initiatives and incremental investments.  Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.1% down 90 basis points versus the record margin in the prior year and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 29.0, down 40 basis points versus last year. Buying and occupancy leverage on the five comp was more than offset by transactional foreign exchange at our international divisions, increased cost associated with moving more units through our supply chain and e-commerce. We are delighted that merchandise margins remain strong in the third quarter, despite these headwinds. While overall merchandise margins were down slightly, we were very pleased to see an increase in our brick-and-mortar merchandise margins. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.7%, up 50 basis points versus last year’s ratio. This increase was primarily due to our wage initiative and increased supply chain costs as we had anticipated.  At the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were up 6% on a constant currency basis. We are very comfortable with our inventory position, which we strategically increased ahead of the fourth quarter to provide more flexibility to flow fresh merchandise goods to our stores with greater precession throughout the holiday season.  We are in excellent position to take advantage of our flush marketplace for the quality branded merchandize and we will be buying right after the holidays. In terms of share repurchases during the third quarter, we bought back 459 million of TJX stock retiring 6.4 million shares. Year-to-date we have retired 19.1 million shares buying back 1.3 billion of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back 1.8 billion to 1.9 billion of TJX stock this year. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll recap our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2016 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to fiscal guidance beginning with the fourth quarter. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.91 to $0.93 versus last year’s $0.93 per share. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of about 5% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. Our plans also reflect a 4% negative impact to EPS due to a combination of our wage initiative, incremental investments to grow our market share and pension costs. I wanted to note that our plans also reflect a five-penny negative impact to EPS from a combination of factors that were not contemplated in our previous guidance. These costs include costs associated with Trade Secret as we start to integrate it into TJX, a lower average ticket at Marmaxx as Carol mentioned as well as the timing of some expenses. We are modeling fourth quarter consolidated sales in the $8.6 billion to $8.7 billion range. This guidance assumes a 2% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. We are assuming comp sales growth of 2% to 3% on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Fourth quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 11.3% to 11.5% range versus 12.4% last year. We are anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 27.7% to 27.8% versus 28.2% last year. This assumes foreign currency pressure and additional supply chain costs. Despite these headwinds, we expect underlying merchandise margins to remain strong. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.2% versus 15.7% last year primarily due to our wage initiative, costs associated with integrating Trade Secret into our business and increased supply chain costs. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 37.4% and net interest expense of about $13 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately of $676 million.  Moving on to full-year guidance, I want to begin by saying that if it were not for acquisition of Trade Secret and the associated of two to three pennies, we would have raised our full-year guidance. We continue to expect fiscal 2016 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.26 to $3.28 over $3.15 in fiscal 2015. Excluding last year’s debt extinguishment charge, fiscal 2016 expected EPS would be up 3% to 4% over the prior year’s adjusted $3.16. As a reminder, our plans reflect the impact of several items detailed in our press release that we are assuming will negatively impact our fiscal 2016 EPS growth by about 9%. We are increasing our comp sales guidance to reflect our strong third quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. We are now expecting comp sales growth of 4% to 5% on a consolidated basis. We continue to expect a comp increase of 3% at Marmaxx. For the year, we continue to expect pre-tax profit margin to be approximately 11.7% versus last year’s adjusted 12.3%. We are anticipating gross profit margin to be approximately 28.5%, which would be flat versus fiscal 2015. We are planning for a slight increase in merchandise margins. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.7% versus 16.1% last year. It’s important to remember that our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Before we start Q&A, I want to recap the impact of our wage initiatives on EPS growth as we've had a lot of questions on that. To reiterate what we've said in earlier conference calls wage increases make-up a little more than half of the 4% negative impact to EPS growth this year from the items we've called out, which is a reminder also include incremental investments to support our growth and pension costs. So we’re anticipating a negative EPS impact of about 2% to 3% from wage increases in fiscal 2016. As we said before, we’re assuming a larger incremental impact next year, because of our increase to $10 and then annualizing some of this year’s increase to $9. Specifically in fiscal 2017, we would expect wage increases to have a negative impact to EPS growth of approximately 4%. In fiscal 2018, we are assuming the incremental impact will moderate back down to this year’s levels. We’ll talk about the other components of fiscal 2017 guidance on a year-end call in February, but I hope that’s helpful in clarifying the effect we’re anticipating from wages. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask you that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, again we talked about the 4% impact to EPS. We really not at this time we are going to go into it by division, clearly, it effects the domestic divisions but there is going to be some pressure on the European divisions. In Europe, in the UK there is also some legislation passed in terms of higher minimum wage that’s reflected in that 4% number we get, but again a 4% EPS impact next year will effect Marmaxx and the HomeGoods divisions a bit more than they have this year.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I would just say it’s too small enough at this point, it will just be a rounding if you happen to be close enough to make it round up or down, so I would say it’s just too small.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, because as we’ve said before the total sales of the e-commerce businesses in an around the 1% range.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I mean, we don’t go by prior division, I think as Ernie said, we feel real comfortable as we try to point out, it’s a timing of the inventory. So our inventories at the store level are exactly where we would want them to be and at the end of the third quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: And just to reiterate on the inventory. I mean although we are up 6% on a per store basis. As we’ve said we would expect the end of the year inventory to be slightly up on a per store basis, again with stores where we were and obviously that means the DC inventory would be coming down accordingly. So we feel real good about that and again we have total sales plans with the comp and total close to 7% built in here.
Scott Goldenberg: So Bob we can talk about, yes we’ve been opening up more and more of current brick-and-mortar vendors onto the website. We don’t want to give specific names there, but that’s kind of an open book, you can shop the website and you’ll see them. Additionally, I would tell you without giving information specifically on how our category is doing. And I think we’ve talked about it before we’ve added new categories throughout the last six to nine months on the website and we are pleased with the way the new categories are performing. So that’s something you will see us continuing to do, but nothing jumps up by the way, it’s all kind of in proportion to the business, if you look at each category that’s on there they are all performing relatively similar in terms of the total, but we do look to continuing to offer more brands there.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, I think Matthew first of all in terms of I think your first question was about pricing. We kind of work with the - the buyers are well aware where retails are across the industry and so from there, we are pretty closed in, we decided where the value should be, obviously we need to be the best value and so that's kind of how we do the pricing. We stay consistent for that model, having said that and Carol just started to allude to it. The market as you can imagine right now have availability which we've talked about before, I would say now availability beyond the normal amount of availability, I don't want to give you any specifics, but its across numerous brands and numerous categories throughout the store. And so that certainly helps us with the competitive pricing as you can imagine down the road. And as Carol said by the way on the secret sauce we can't give you specifics, but what I think the color I just gave you that that's a bit of how we operate. And as you guys know we have around a 1000 buyers worldwide that are able to take advantage of all the opportunities that are out there and we're into tremendous liquidity position. Right now coming out of this quarter allowing us to take advantage of any of the opportunities with the obvious availability that's out there. As well as our inventories, really in a position to take advantage of some low hanging fruit which we felt we missed some opportunities last fourth quarter on. So, hopefully that answer your questions.
Ernie L. Herrman: I think our liquidity position will really help us going forward. We are in a great position in terms of open to buy across the entire company and that really when you have a flush market like we said early on the script, I think really plays to us taking advantages of those opportunities and the margin to your question.
Ernie L. Herrman: Sure. Some of the decrease is obviously by the strong operating performance, some of that is also on how the Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s have changed some of the valuation of the leases, so we’ve had a bit of a benefit from that going from the low two range to the 1.7 that you’ve talked about. But annually we go over the shareholder distribution policies with our Board in terms of what is the right mix of dividends and buyback and certainly we have kept our powder dry on the balance sheet. But at this point we have been trying to grow the dividend ahead of our earnings per growth and share growth and we have been consistently growing in around 20%. But really not going to go through what next year’s plans are at this point other than we have been very consistent in that distribution of all of our excess cash through dividends and buyback and certainly we see no change to that policy.
Ernie L. Herrman: Well on the DCs some of that’s or flow for opportunities like in Marmaxx. Basically in ratio to the sales I would tell you that each division is right where we want them to be. So we do look at it that way Paul, we look at the similar trend with the open to buy, with the inventory level not just one aspect. And at the same time by the way globally there is so much availability across every market that applies to Canada, Europe, U.S. and other markets that we didn’t even name. Again, we’re feeling very good about the inventory level relative to the sales trend in each division.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. So Lorraine the home business has been very strong there and what Carol is just joking about is you know we have HomeSense there, which has been expanding sporadically I would say or cautiously we’ve been expanding. But now we’re going on really a pretty long stretch here, strong home business and I would tell you it has grown in percent for the total there. We can’t give you that number, but we can tell you it has grown and we are looking to continue to expand that business and that banner and its healthy in TK as well. So our home business is very healthy in Europe and we look at that further as an opportunity.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, and because of the open to buy position we're in, whatever happens around us and I think Carol is saying the same things as we can adapt, our buyers will really decide closer in, because we have so much open to buy that we buy so close to me, which is part of our model on flexibility we've talked about that we'll be able to adapt to whatever is going on retail around us. There is a little bit of a lag, but for the most part we will adjust based on that.
