Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. And joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. 2009 was the great year, but it was a great year on top of many great years. I believe that we have many more ahead of us, which is why I am going to spend a lot of time on this call talking about – or not talking about ’09’s results. I will focus instead on why we believe so strongly that our consistent profitable growth to sustain as well. I will discuss why we are convinced that our new customers will continue to shop less even when times improve, and we will continue to gain market share. Then I will drove into why we believe our strong margin is sustainable. Lastly I’ll discuss in many ways in which we are growing this company profitably for the future. Before I continue I’ll turn the call over to Jeff to recap full year and fourth quarter results.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, we’ve been earnestly striving over the year in terms of the supply chain to lean up our inventories and to make us faster fresher, that’s been a goal that we have been working on for several years. So, I think that this year was a big step for us in running our inventories a lot leaner and turning almost a week faster. I believe that we have reached a level that we can go a little bit further, but I think there is a shift in the way we run our business.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well the only time we have gotten ourselves in trouble is honestly when we have driven up our inventory too high.
Carol Meyrowitz: Richard, we don’t – we really don’t talk as to the individual division turns. I can however tell you that, again, we do believe that there is room for us to turn even faster than we did in ‘09 and that’s what we are striving for.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, we did start an Internet business in Europe and we are actually very pleased with the results. We are well aware what’s going on out there in terms of the Internet, and as we – we still – that will be a future possibility for us and, again, we want to be methodical thoughtful, and when we do get to enter in that arena in the States we would like to do it right. We were in the Internet business in the past; we closed it but we have been researching it and I think it’s a future potential for us.
Carol Meyrowitz: Jeff, it's all about prioritizing. It’s just, when you have an open to buy, we see – we take the moment and time to seize the day. Marmaxx what we are seeing is with the Marshalls next to Maxx, both are performing extremely well, we differentiated the businesses over the years, and we are really at a point in time when we are putting the two together, they both do extremely well. So we are seeing more room there. We are also seeing our Mega shoe concepts doing well. So, it's really a matter of prioritizing, so we are exceeding A.J.s, we are exceeding HomeGoods, but at the same time we really want to accelerate Marmaxx and Europe because the return on investment is so strong there. So we absolutely believe that A.J. Wright right has the potential to be 500 plus stores, but again it’s taking that capital and being intelligent how we invest it.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, we planned it conservatively, so we have plans, our average retail is slightly down, however, that's only going to be on the plus side as it trends up, and we are going to see how it goes through the year. It is leveling off at this point, and we are seeing a little bit of – less of a decline from a year ago. So, again, it’s about keeping that distance between us and the department store. So to us it will just be upside, if it’s flat or slightly up this year.
Carol Meyrowitz: I go after pure value, so I never look at it as what it should be or how to plan it. We go after it as we want to give the best value to the customer.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. I was going to say, Paul, we are going to in terms of CapEx we're going to continue pretty close to that pace going forward.
Carol Meyrowitz: Obviously, we really don’t give out specific remodel cost, but and I think that as always we put a conservative model out there what we feel that we want to obviously build our cost to, and then anything above that, obviously will flow aggressively to the bottom line. So, we are planning prudently. We are doing very similar to what we did last year with our hope and our intent to beat those numbers. So, we’ve got a lot of this things going on, but we have no idea, again, with the economy what’s going to happen. So, I think we are being again planning prudently and being careful.
Carol Meyrowitz: We are, however, planning the back half on the conservative side. So we are looking at comp flat slightly down in the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, in terms of our competitors we are always looking at our competitors, but we are in a very different business and very key [ph] in terms of our sourcing, our supply chain and our flexibility. So we – I get asked obviously the question of, is that going to be good out there and I can answer this a 100 times a thousand times, a million times we are not concerned about it. Again, I just keep coming back to the sourcing, the way we source, our foothold all over the world. So, that is not a major concern for us. What we always look at our competitors. We always want to make sure our value is right against our competitor’s and that’s what we focus on. So, I think we feel very confident going forward, and I think it takes people a long time to get through with TJX as we have built this business over tens of years.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, you will see when we announce it. We believe it has the potential to be a fairly profitable business. So again more to come on that, and as far as the average ticket goes, we have planned it slightly down so that anything that come close to flat or above will hopefully be gravy and drive comp and certainly drive to the bottom line. But what we want to do is to make sure we absolutely have the best value out there and that’s what we’re always striving for.Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: And we will probably see that trend continue this year to get a little bit higher.Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. That’s great, thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Laura, yeah, again, as we get better and better understanding with consumer, we look at the specific locations and the box is an relationship obviously to the demographics, the number of people that are in the certain radius. So, we flex dramatically. If there is a site in New York City and it’s a smaller box, but very, very high traffic pattern, we can do a smaller store and drive it. You will see the same thing in London. We have some stores that range as small as 12,000 square feet, to stores that range to 50,000 square feet. So, again, that’s the flexibility of our business and we can take full advantage of all of the real estate that’s out there.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. In terms of marketing in Europe, it’s very, very different than in the United States, the United States we tend to drive TV a lot harder. Each country is very different. What Paul does in the UK is very different than what he does in Germany and in Poland. So, we are not going to let out our trade secrets, but they’re very, very different strategies. And Ernie is also looking Canada and really leveraging some of the things that we’re doing in United States with Canada, as we’re also leveraging some of the things that we are doing with Marmaxx, with HomeGoods. So, we really look at each brand very differently and how we market each brand.Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker: But you are marketing all of these brands in these countries.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, we were very, very happy with our advertising strategy last year. And this year we are shifting more media back into the network TV. We are actually going to taking our individual brands, Marshals and Maxx and going network, which is going to be a pretty big increase in penetration. We’ve loaded up the back half and we are going to continue more aggressively also on our dual strategy. So, we are really very, very happy with our marketing strategy and I think we are going to be a lot more aggressive this year coming up.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Dana.Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about the differentiated areas in the store and how they are progressing whether it’s Runway, whether it’s Cube, are you seeing that in international stores too in terms how you are setting it up, and is that helping the international sales or possibility? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I want to thank everyone, and I really look forward to reporting the first quarter so we will see you soon.
Jeff Naylor: We have in the past and really historically when you look back beyond three to four years back, when with ploughing [ph] back into business we have typically had planned our businesses at higher level of comps. And what happens is that if we have a miss, it was harder to pull back both inventory in cost dollars which is related to some of that volatility. And I think now given that we plan our comps much lower than we did in the past, we set the inventory plans as Carol mentioned, much leaner now as a result of that as well as actions we’ve taken to improve the way we manage inventory. And we are also more focused on cost reduction over the last three, four years than we were in the past. All those things really help take the volatility out. The one other thing I want to add is that when you look at the volatility our gross profit – our volatility is so much lower than any other retailer out there. I am sure, you’ll have, given the way we can chase; it’s an opportunity to adjust inventory levels.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I am going to anticipate your question here, Daniel. I am going to – A.J. Wright last year reported a second profit margin of 2.7% in the quarter and this year it’s 2.5%. So I assume you are curious as to why it would be down 20 basis points when we true-up inc comp on the business. And it’s really simple, the function of the 53rd week and the bonus. Last year we benefited 70 basis points from the 53rd week. We obviously didn’t have that 53rd week this year. And also the bonus impacted A.J. Wright by about 70 basis points. So it’s almost – the other A.J. actually excluding those factors increased its pretax segment profitability by a 120 basis points, which is really in line with what we would have expected it to be. In terms of – I am going to – you didn’t ask this question, but we actually had a very similar situation with Europe, where Europe was down a 100 basis points on a reported basis but when you back up the 53rd week and the bonus you actually got quite a bit of leverage there to. So, I will anticipate that might be a question of you will be interested and that’s the answer.
Jeff Naylor: Very much, though, actually above the margin expectation. We are seeing strong merchandised margins across those businesses just as we did in other businesses and we are continuing the leverage cost when you slid out the bonus.
Jeff Naylor: I think as you think about it, we the retail spots are slightly down, transactions would be often – that would be implied in the one to two, so. In terms of capital, maybe I just talked to the increases, Paul that’s okay. We would anticipate that between new stores, remodels and in-store initiatives that, that would represent about two-thirds of the growth in the CapEx budget year-over-year. The balance of it is adding distribution capacity to support our European growth as well as some systems investment to support European growth and to replace some end of life hardware. I mean, probably would have said in the United States. We are doing nothing in the systems or by the way that would put our business at risks to sell a major software replacement or anything about sort of note. The one other thing included in the increases is that we do have an opportunity fund or a contingency that is available to Carol to add some more new stores or other investments as we see. So it’s kind of hitting that we are maintaining in corporate that’s about 30 plus.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I mean, the cost to open a new store in the US, it’s obviously more expensive in Europe, just kind of flipping through some numbers, make sure I give you a good number. I think with the inventory, this is almost twice as much in Europe. But that said, our European stores are significantly more productive than our U.S. stores because of the density that we typically find around the store, which allows us to generate similar contribution markets as we would make in Marmaxx.
Jeff Naylor: Part of it was a pick up, so there is not a – as we look at the SG&A rate for first quarter of fiscal '11, incentive comp doesn’t have a – isn’t a big factor because we were essentially on our plan or slightly ahead of the plan last year in the first quarter, so we didn't have a tick-up in incentive comp last year that were going up again this year. As we look at the full year we do have, we kind of break down the SG&A. We have got – we are on the pickup for the full year from bonus, Jeff, because obviously we have a higher bonus expense in fiscal ’10 that we are going to have in fiscal ’11 because of the – we are planning fiscal ’10 – fiscal ’11, as we plan for fiscal ’11. So we are planning fiscal ’11 as a plan, whereas in fiscal ’10 we significantly exceeded the plans. So there is pickup in the bonus that is largely being offset by some expense increases in some other areas. We get a little bit of deleveraging, in fact as we – but the rapid expansion in the European business, the average retail we are planning down, as Carol mentioned that we need to ship more units to do the same business so that has some impact on SG&A. There is some increases in medical costs and so on. So those largely offset the pickup we get from the bonus next year.
Jeff Naylor: Yeah, we really don’t break that up. I guess what I would tell you is that we saw significant buying in occupancy leverage for the year and for the quarter but the lion share of the improvement in the gross profit margins will be incurred by merchandised margin.
Jeff Naylor: But that’s – I mean we were going to – should beat the numbers, we are not – if we don’t get excited about our comp flat is slightly down, Adrianne.
Jeff Naylor: And to lot of scale. And on the real estate side, Adrianne, we just work continuing to see terrific deals. So, as long as we see strong deals and strong returns, you know Carol mentioned, most of the deals we did last year were exceeding our numbers. So we’ll keep investing aggressively as long as we continue to see that.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, if you look at the average, the average at all outs, we can do larger boxes, smaller boxes, and Carol mentioned how we are flexible. But we also – when you look at just the average square footage, it’s pretty consistent. It actually has been pretty consistent, so that, I think in the past we might have opened – we had as much diversity in the kinds of deals that we did. Now we can have more diversity, but the average size of the box is pretty comparable to what has been for.Laura Champine – Cowen and Company: Got it. Thank you.
Jeff Naylor: In terms of block prevention, we take a full physical inventory at the end of the year for each of our chains, every store in the chain. And in terms of (inaudible) we really don’t comment on that, that’s part of the gross margin results, and if it were a significant factor, it’s something we'd talk about but it really hasn’t been significant to the results for many years.Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker: Excellent. Congratulations, guys.
Jeff Naylor: So, in total as I mentioned in the three year model, David, we’ve got about a point of our EPS growth over the next three years coming from margin expansions, that would equate to about 10 to 20 basis points over that time period. And that's almost entirely coming from leveraging our – increasing our margins at – of our businesses other than Marmaxx and Winners, which we plan flat. So the business, Marmaxx and Winners will be plan flat, other than Marmaxx and Winners we've assumed some leverage as we rollout new stores. As we think about the potential margins, the only thing we would say is at Marmaxx is the time we’re seeing 10.5 to 11.5, Marmaxx came in at 12. I think as Carol mentioned earlier we think we can maintain that, we’ll see how well we can do, so that’ll be interesting to see. I think with T.K. Maxx in the UK, historically we’ve said eight to nine, we are approaching nine as we exit the year and we still have leverage opportunities with Europe. So clearly T.K. in the UK can go higher and we would now anticipate that more in the 9% to 10% range. And we are going to see how high we take that. What’s interesting is that that our distribution network is Pan-European, we have many shared services that we are leveraging. And so as we grow Europe we are getting leverage in Europe, we are also getting more leverage in the UK. And lastly with HomeGoods, I think before we've said we thought it was about 8% business, we are now thinking it’s more like 8% to 9%, because again HomeGoods is approaching that 8% margin this past year and we still have, we could still double the fleet in terms of the number of stores. So there should be more leverage available there as we grow that. So those would the changes that I will highlight.
Jeff Naylor: We are obviously seeing an attractive return there, but we really don’t want to publicly break out –
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I would quantify that around like in the low 30s, so for every dollar of sales above plan I think 30% to 33% kind of in that range, and other way to think about it is point of comp above plan specifically gives us about 20 basis point of incremental margin on the bottom-line for a full year.
