Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. Let me begin by saying that we are very pleased with our second quarter performance, as our 20% adjusted EPS was at the high end of our previously raised expectations. We believe it's important to point out that this was achieved on top of successive EPS increases over the prior year, 27% last year, which was on top of 26% the year before and 27% the year before that. Also noteworthy is that we drove these year-over-year results in both strong and weak retail climate, which points to our consistency and ability to grow the top and bottom lines in various economic environments. This continues to reinforce the power of the TJX model. I will keep my comments brief today, beginning with a recap of our second quarter performance. Then I will share our outlook for the back half of the year and why we are confident in the sustainability of our top and bottom line growth. Finally, I will reiterate our long-term goals for our global growth. Before I continue, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap the numbers for the second quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Now, we don't break it down. But the real point is the flexibility of our business. So if tomorrow all of a sudden there were categories in apparel that were very strong, we would be shifting our mix. And really the concept here is again – is being open, the flexibility of our floor, changing our floor, changing our mix, and going after what the consumer wants. So again, we take advantage of the margins by buying closer to need and focusing on the customer and turning our inventory quickly.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, Jeff, as you know, we certainly will strive to beat that. We always are fairly conservative. It helps us keep our inventories very lean, but I can assure that we will attack this as vigorously as we always do and hopefully, we will beat those numbers. But I think it's very smart and prudent to go out on a more conservative note.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, we always try to plan a little bit conservative. But having said that, we are certainly up against tougher numbers. I mean, we see some areas such as traffic that we think can increase. We certainly see opportunities, which I sort of outlined in my speech, marketing – we are doing a lot of things to drive the business. But again, we think it's smart to plan this way.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, it's basically our transactions. Our basket was slightly down, our transactions have been slightly up. But obviously, the ticket is reaching a little bit more of a flattening out. So it remains to be seen in terms of transaction and average basket in the back half. But our ticket flattening out, which is usually positive for us, in addition obviously on the cost structure, it's positive, because it – again, it will certainly help our DC costs and our OPH. So it's only positive for us, we think, going forward. It remains to be seen, I don't know if the basket will continue to be slightly down. We still think we have room to transaction.
Carol Meyrowitz: It's really across the board. And again, it's not a change so much in mix, but it's across the board. Now, remember, last year we were dramatically down.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, the marketing spend, it's about 20 basis points, Adrianne. But again, qualitatively, we think it's much stronger. Not only are you going to have a lot more impressions, but the quality of what it is, is a lot stronger than last year. In addition, what I am really excited about is the last time we were on TV in Europe was in 2006. So that's going to be very positive for us.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Now, we are planning the comps fairly conservatively for the back half. And as I said before, you got to remember that more than 85% of their profit is done in the back half. So we feel stronger about the mix. There is some growing pains in the U.K., but we feel very, very strong. We've got to be balanced about this business. I mean, they have had four years of very, very strong track record. And I think this is the period of time that I think we are going to certainly see a positive in the back half. This is a business that is still going to do 6% to 7% segment profit. And, again, I think we are being prudent in conservative – in conservative comps and planning. But again, we are going to do everything to beat those comps. So I think they are just going to get stronger and stronger. A lot of new people in place, we have the University up and running. So they have some growing pains. Having said that, if I – someone said to me, would you have done the number of stores you did, would you have done it the same way. I would say absolutely, because not to take advantage of the real estate deals that we did and we will continue to do would be a mistake for the medium and the long term for TJX. So – again, I want to be very careful to keep this balance. We have got three new concepts that are certainly going to be making money in the back half and that's – we are talking about a three-year period of time.
Carol Meyrowitz: Brian, in terms of Marmaxx, we are learning – all of TJX is learning every year how to run our inventories better and I have set a big initiative in shipping the right goods to the right store. And we do have a big investment in the supply chain. So I don't know what the ultimate is. Again, I think we have been very, very good on – in the way we handled and improved our business year-over-year. But I still think that we have opportunity. So we will look at Marmaxx and we will certainly look at the model and every year – Marmaxx has run over the last – many, many years flat to up in margin. And we will continue to do so and hopefully, there is some more opportunity there. But I believe that there are places that we can still get better. In terms of Europe, we still want to be aggressive with Europe. We have got most of our heads in place and we have got our infrastructure in place and we will continue to enhance that. But the basis there, we still see tremendous real estate deals. Poland is off to an exceptional start. Germany's average store does what the U.K. does, which is phenomenal. Our four-wall contribution in Germany and Poland are well exceeding plan, as well as HomeSense. So we are going to continue on track to be very aggressive for next year and probably be around the range of the 65 stores.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think the other thing is that we have added more stores and we do see Marmaxx as having over 2,000 stores, which was not probably the way we were thinking several years ago. In addition, where we are opening real estate, like we had seven stores in New York City, those are big volume stores. We are seeing opportunities to go in places that we may have thought possible, not as easily obtainable in the past. So that is also an advantage going forward.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. No, we really haven’t seen it in Germany and the real estate opportunities are truly all three countries, in the U.K., Germany, and Poland. And that's why we want to continue to take advantage of it. Germany and Poland are very, very healthy. But again, I think Europe, we can do a better job. So a piece of it is certainly we own and I think we can do a better job with it. We don't really like to look at the economy and use that as an excuse for our business. It really hasn't been in the past and shouldn't be in the future.
Carol Meyrowitz: The trends are pretty similar across the different divisions and in terms of non-apparel areas, you know I won't talk about that. You will have to yank out my teeth.
Carol Meyrowitz: Quite a few interesting tests going on and as you know, we are a great laboratory of 2,800 stores. So we will continue to maximize our categories today and certainly new ones that we are testing.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, Dana, all of your question, we don't usually give answers to. So let me start there. The real estate returns are really exceptional and very, very strong across the board from both the U.S. and the U.K. and Germany and Poland. So we are still seeing that, a little less so in Canada. I have to say of all our areas, that's probably the place where we are not seeing as big an advantage. How long it will last? We really don't know. We are trying to take advantage. We say seize the day, so we will certainly do that. In terms of merchandise margins by category, we really don't talk about that and we really don't know. We are wide open, we are off-price, we have a whole back half; we think there is going to be some tremendous opportunities and we will see what categories they are in as we get a little bit closer.
Carol Meyrowitz: Sure. First of all, we don't do anything without a tremendous amount of research. So we have spent a very long period of time talking to the consumer, doing our research to understand if we can support Marshalls in Canada, and we feel very, very good about doing it. We also will differentiate it dramatically as we do T.J. Maxx and Marshalls. So – again, we think we have opportunities there. Lastly, it is our most profitable division and we think in terms of the TJX portfolio, it will only be very positive and accretive.
Carol Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone and we look forward to the third quarter and we will speak to you then. Thanks.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, thanks Carol. Good morning, everyone. So let me recap second quarter results. Our net sales reached $5.1 billion, that's a 7% increase over last year. The second quarter consolidated comp stores sales increased 3% and I should point out that's on top of 3% to 4% increases in each of the past four years. Diluted earnings per share were $0.74 compared with last year's $0.61 per share. EPS benefited from a reduction in the provision related to the previously announced computer intrusions, which positively impacted EPS by $0.01 per share during the quarter. And if were to exclude that benefit, diluted EPS was $0.73, which is a 20% increase over last year. Year-over-year EPS growth for the quarter was positively impacted by foreign currency rates by approximately $0.01, but a higher tax rate adversely impacted EPS by $0.02, so that's a little bit on quality of earnings. Consolidated pretax profit margin was 9.8%. That's up 110 basis points over prior year and that includes a 20-basis point positive impact from the intrusion provision benefits that I mentioned earlier. On an adjusted basis, excluding that benefit, pretax margins were 9.6%. That's up 90 basis points over the prior year. These were also – I should mention that pretax margin was also above the high end of our original guidance and that was primarily due to merchandise margin favorability. Turning to the gross profit margin, that increased 100 basis points above last year during the quarter, reflecting strong merchandise margins, as well as some buying and occupancy leverage. SG&A expense increased 10 basis points, which was in line with our expectations. And you will recall on our Q1 conference call that we told you we expected SG&A to slightly de-lever and that was due to the cost of opening more new stores, we have 33 new stores this year versus last year; the impact of our younger European businesses on cost ratios; and increased spending in our stores organization to enhance customer experience and support our growing customer base. And essentially, that's what we saw. If we were to exclude these factors, SG&A leveraged 10 basis points, which is about what we would expect on a 3% comp. As to inventories, at the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis including the warehouses were down 13% on top of a 4% decrease last year. Clearly, the lower inventories and faster turns are driving lower markdowns, resulting in higher merchandise margins. At Marmaxx, our total inventory commitment, including the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order, was down versus last year on a per-store basis. Finally, let me talk briefly to the financial strength. As many of you know, our stores generate substantial amounts of cash, which we deploy with a careful balance between reinvesting in our businesses and distributing excess cash to shareholders through the buyback and the dividend. In terms of share repurchases, we bought back $356 million of TJX stock during the second quarter, retiring 8.2 million shares. We continue to expect to repurchase between $900 million and $1 billion of TJX stock for Fiscal 2011. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I will return at the end to recap our guidance for the full year and the third quarter.
Jeff Naylor: Great. Thank you, Carol. So now to our guidance. As we noted in our press release today, we raised the guidance for the full year. The new guidance calls for EPS to be in the range of $3.28 to $3.38 – $3.28 to $3.38 and that's up from our previous guidance, which was $3.24 to $3.33. This raise in guidance is driven by a couple of factors. One is the improved pretax margins that we are expecting. The second is a greater benefit from the buyback than we originally planned in the back half. Additionally, the revised guidance includes the second quarter reduction in the provision related to the computer intrusions, which will have an estimated $0.01 per share impact. So if we exclude that item, the new estimated range of EPS is $3.27 to $3.37 and that's an increase of 15% to 19% over last year. This range of EPS for the full year is based on comp store sales in the 2% to 3% range and reported pretax margins of 10.2% to 10.4% including the intrusion provision benefit. So if we exclude the intrusion provision benefit, the adjusted full year pretax margins are planned at 10% to 10.2%. That's up 40 to 60 basis points over prior year. In terms of the components, we now expect gross profit margins to be up 40 to 50 basis points over prior year, primarily due to strong merchandise margins, as well as some buying and occupancy expense leverage and SG&A ratios that are flat to slightly favorable. Let me now discuss the back half guidance. As Carol mentioned and we have discussed on prior calls, our comparisons to last year become more challenging in the back half. So accordingly, we are planning comps in the back half to be flat to down 1%. However, we do expect earnings per share for the back half to be $1.75 to $1.85 and that's flat to up 6% over last year's $1.75. It's important to note that foreign exchange rates are assumed to negatively impact year-over-year EPS growth in the back half by about $0.30. So the growth rate is actually a bit better on a constant currency basis. Now, I will shift to the third quarter. For Q3, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.86 to $0.91. That's a 6% to 12% increase over the $0.81 per share that we earned last year. Again, it's worth noting that this assumes foreign exchange adversely impacts year-over-year growth by $0.02. Some of the components. We are assuming a third quarter top line of approximately $5.5 billion with the comp sales increase of zero to 2% both on a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. As to monthly comps, on both a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group, we are planning comp sales to be up 1% to 3% in August, down 1% to up 1% in September, and flat to down 2% in October when we have the most difficult comparisons. Pretax profit margins are planned in the 10.4% to 10.8% range, which are flat to down 40 basis points compared with the 10.8% last year. This guidance includes an anticipated 20-basis point negative impact from mark-to-market currency adjustments on the company's inventory related hedges. We are anticipating third quarter gross profit margin in the range of 27.1% to 27.4% and that's down 10 to 40 basis points compared to last year. Gross profit comparisons are adversely impacted by 20 basis points due to the hedges I just mentioned. Merchandise margins are assumed to be slightly up and buying and occupancy expense is assumed to slightly de-lever on the flat to 2% comp increase. In terms of SG&A, we are anticipating that, as a percentage of sales, it will be about 16.4% to 16.5%, which is a flat to 10-basis point improvement versus last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.3%, which is essentially in line with last year. We are also planning net interest expense in the $10 million to $11 million range, corporate expenses in the $44 million to $46 million range, and weighted average shares of approximately $404 million for the quarter. We will now open it up for questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to keep the call on schedule. We are going to continue to enforce our one question limit and we appreciate your cooperation with that. So thank you and we will open it up for questions now. Go on.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, the – if I could just jump in, the margin differential between categories within our business just isn't that great. It's not like department stores where you make up very significant variations between categories. Our categories tend to be not that different from one another, so mix shift usually don't impact margin to the extent they might other retailers.
Jeff Naylor: Jeff, if you look at a two-year stacked comp, you would say the back half pretty much aligns up with the front half. On a three-year stack, you might say there is a little bit of opportunity. So we will see. I think Carol is right, there is a lot of things we are doing to beat the numbers. But I think when you look at two and three-year stacks, they are crazy numbers in the back half. They may look a little on the conservative side, but we are also up against big numbers, as Carol said, and there is a lot of potential volatility in the economic environment, right? So I think we are just – I think it's safe to be a little bit cautious and position inventories and costs around numbers that you have a level of confidence in.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think if you look at the mark-to-market for Winners in the second quarter, it helped them by – I just want to give you the basis points here – by the way, if you look at the web table, that will – the table that we have out on the web, that will help. But I think we were up 410 basis points roughly on a reported basis. I'm sorry, we were up 440 basis points on a reported basis. We would be up 270 basis points currency adjusted, so it was about a third of the margin improvement. I should point out it negatively impacted T.K. though. So T.K. Maxx, where we reported – TJX Europe where we reported $2 million of profit, it would have been $9 million profit if it weren’t for currency. So it helps the comparisons in Canada, but it hurts them in Europe, but again about a third of the profit declines we saw year-over-year in Europe came from currency in the second quarter. As we go forward, in the back half of the year, last year we had – generally speaking, we had mark-to-market gains in the back half. So we are not going to repeat those gains. So it ends up being a little bit of a headwind in the back half, Jeff. But that's just built into our number. I think we said currency was going to cost us roughly $0.03 in the back half.
Jeff Naylor: Yes. Adrianne, if you look at Q3, I think there is a couple of factors that are going on here. First of all, the – we get a benefit, because you'll recall we had incremental bonus expense last year, so that becomes a benefit to the SG&A, and we also have cost savings. And then those are partially offset by deleverage that you would expect on a zero to 2% comp, as well as some investments that we are making in our bench and in our stores organization really to try to continue to improve the customer experience to retain all the new customers that brought into the stores. So you put all that together, we are flat to up 10. On advertising, most of the impact is in the fourth quarter, as Carol mentioned. We have a slight uptick in the third quarter, most of the increase is in the – into the fourth quarter. But that's a third quarter reconciliation you are looking for.
Jeff Naylor: And it's a similar story by the way if you look at the full back half. The only difference being is that you have that advertising deleverage.
Jeff Naylor: Yes. If you look at the – as you look at the fourth quarter, the same puts and takes. You actually get a little bit bigger bonus – benefit from the bonus. We also had a contribution to the TJX Foundation last year that we made. So you get a bigger benefit there and you have costs savings and those are offset by the natural deleverage and on a minus 1 to minus 2, as well as a higher level of advertising spend.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, we will give you all of that, Brian, on the – when we put our plans in place. We are currently developing them and we will provide those, as we always do on our end-of-year conference call. And I guess just one point of clarification. We are not at 13% – if you do the math, it's about 12.5%, Brian. I think, it – part of the way we got there was by comps, you leverage your G&A down. Those G&A ratios don't go back up unless you comp below a 2%, 2.5%. And we have gotten a lot of improvement in merchandise margin. A lot of that's come from markdowns and lower inventories and we are going to maintain those lower inventory levels and continue to turn them fast. So I think the things we have done are largely sustainable. So we feel pretty comfortable. We will have to figure out what our formal guidance is here. Every time we put a range around Marmaxx, it exceeds it. So more to come there. But I think very comfortable, we can hold the margins – the pretax margins at the current rate.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, sure. So if you look at the back half of the year, we would expect our gross profit margin to be down about 40 to 70 basis points. Most of that is going to be B&O deleverage on the flat to minus 1% comp. We are planning slight merchandise margin decline, although as Carol said we are obviously going to try to beat that. We think that's a prudent way to plan it given the significant increases that we had last year. And there is about a 10-basis point hit from the mark-to-market hedges. So you put that all together, you get a down 40 basis points to a down 70 basis points. But again, most of that's going to be B&O leverage on the – buying and occupancy leverage on the flat to minus 1% comp.
Jeff Naylor: I guess, to state the obvious, it's worked well in the U.S. having two concepts and we find our customer cross-shops and we don't think it's going to be any different in Canada, particularly with – as Carol mentioned, we are going to go in with a very high level of differentiation. So we are really comfortable the market opportunity is there and looking forward to opening our first six stores this year.
