Carol Meyrowitz: Good morning, again. And joining me is Sherry, who's on the call; and Ernie Herrman; and Jeff Naylor. Let me begin by saying that our overall first quarter performance demonstrates, once again, our ability to deliver consistent results year-over-year in economic upturns and downturns. Despite extraordinary growth in the prior year, we continue to deliver positive comps and earnings per share in line with our plan and on top of a 9% comp increase and a 63% increase in EPS last year. We believe that our first quarter sales would have been even stronger if it were not for the unseasonable weather that hindered apparel sales in many U.S. and Canadian regions. When we spoke with you on our last conference call, we said that we expected the first quarter to be the toughest of the year as we faced our most challenging prior year comparison, particularly for our European business, as well as timing issues related to certain expense items. With our most challenging quarterly comparison behind us and May off to a very strong start, we are looking forward to the second quarter and the rest of 2011. Going forward, we have many exciting opportunities, and we remain as convinced as ever that we will continue to drive steady top and bottom line growth regardless of the economic environment.  But before I continue, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap our first quarter results.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, in terms of the A.J. Wright stores, their profit percent is slightly higher and their dollars are slightly lower. But we are planning Marmaxx pretty conservative as we always do. And the likelihood, I always feel good that we usually beat our number. So I'm hoping to beat those numbers in the second quarter in the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all, our packaways, we only do packaways when we see wonderful deals. This isn't about mitigating costs, it's really about the product itself. And second of all, across the board, we're pretty excited about the amount of products. So it's really across the board.
Carol Meyrowitz: And as we've said, we're still planning it, within the total, very conservatively. Hopefully, there's upside.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, first of all, the -- Canada, we're -- we had a 10 point differential in terms of home product to apparel. So we are starting to see apparel get a little bit stronger in Canada. So I think that's going to bode well. And Canada is not an issue for us. We really believe that it was a weather issue. So I think going forward, we feel pretty confident in that.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. In Europe, we are clean. And as I said before, for the first time, we are starting to see turns faster than last year. We absolutely cleaned out first quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Let me get back to Europe, first. We really put the A players who are focused and mentoring. We are focused on the right vendors, on the right values. The guys know what turns the goods and what sells. We have a plentiful market. More importantly, Ernie has worked with the group, and they are very, very liquid and very, very focused. We're country-centric now, more so than we were a year ago. So all of the moves that had to be made have been made, and that's where our confidence level comes. Again, having said that, we don't want to overpromise. So that's where we are with Europe. In terms of e-commerce, we are using some of our bench. We have developed a team. We've done a lot of research in this arena. We look at e-commerce in the future in combination of a great marketing tool and tremendous leveraging of our stores. So the idea of having brick and mortar and e-commerce, together, is really where we see the future. So as I said before, we want to do it right. We see tremendous opportunities for us in terms of all of our brands, and we believe that we are slowly setting up a situation that will be very positive. But again, I want to come back to, we see the opportunity not just for e-commerce, in itself, but really using that to maximize our store traffic and leverage the top line of our business.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, it's really about our focus. And when you grow too fast and you have less experienced group and you're bringing in a lot of new buyers, the tendency is to run to fill your open to buy. And what we did do is we filled it with more moderate goods, which obviously turned off the customer. And so today, we have it very, very focused on what's acceptable and what's not acceptable. We have the pros guiding the next tier and teaching. So it just keeps coming back to focus and execution. And that's why I believe it's very fixable. There is plentiful goods out there. But we are not allowing the buyers to buy things that are not up to a certain standard and level, and they know it and they understand it today.
Carol Meyrowitz: And I think the other thing we're learning is, which vendors work in which countries. And there's a big difference between the U.K. and Germany.
Carol Meyrowitz: Obviously, because we're off-price, we don't look at each specific area. We could be in a business that we're not necessarily in a year ago. But what we look at is we are investing systems -- into systems. This is going to be a short- to long-term process. And again, it's going to enable us to do some of the things that we do manually today. Systems will allow us to do it a lot quicker, a lot more efficiently. So that we're much more perfect in terms of our timing, in terms of our, what we call, the Sun Belt, the northern region, being store-centric. We've ranked each store. It will allow us to rank them more efficiently. So all of this will lead to more positive margins in the future, at least that's what we're hoping we will be able to achieve, faster turns, freshness and more excitement to the consumer.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it's really about execution. There's no doubt that if you're picking the right product -- there's always plentiful goods, and it’s about putting your people on executing the right vendors and the right value. So that's what we're beginning to see. The market-to-market, there's always again -- we're never shy on goods, in great goods. So many opportunities there. In terms of inflation, our average ticket is fairly flat today, and our intention is to continue to give the consumer just great, great value. And if we're at certain category and prices increase out there, well, we're going to keep our distance in terms of the value. You got to realize we have so much flexibility in terms of categories, zigging and zagging in many, many different ways. So we're pretty excited about the value that we're giving our customers. So it will seek its own level. If the world is out there at higher price points, then we have the ability to raise our price points. But again, we want to keep that distance between everyone else, and that's really what our job is.
Carol Meyrowitz: Mark, it’s about 10 basis points across the board. So we are getting a little bit more aggressive. Most of that is going to be Q4 driven, because we have a whole initiative going on there that we're pretty excited about. We learned a lot last year in terms of network TV. We learned a lot that we think will also help Europe, as well as Canada. So we're going to be continuing to accelerate some of those things that we tried last year that we think we have some pretty good numbers.
Carol Meyrowitz: And in terms of the university, we are funding both for Europe, so that we have teachers in Europe, and the United States and Canada. And this is all what we think is very positive for the future.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, we do. We have Gold Label in Europe, which is pretty similar to the Runway, which is doing quite well. And in terms of being picked over, that's, I guess, music to my years, because it means that we're turning very quickly. Our junior business is very strong, and our Cube is working very well. It's in every Marshalls store. Do we have more upside? We probably do. And the Runway, we're careful that they are in our top, top stores. And as we do get access to more merchandise, sometimes we'll take a store out of it and shift it to another store. But we'll continue to grow that, but very slowly. But we do want to have flow.
Carol Meyrowitz: Packaway is really throughout the seasons. So some of it is planned. It'll be coming at fairly current, and some of it is for October and November. So it really varies. And that's part of the increase in the store commitments, so it's really laid out by month. In terms of pricing, the pricing environment, as I said before, our ticket remains pretty flat to very slightly up, and we're just seeing fantastic deals. So we just keep looking at it and saying we want great, great value for the consumers. So we're just taking advantage of the environment, quite frankly.
Carol Meyrowitz: They're closer to mid-digits down. And each year, we take a look at that. So we have some opportunities by division. And again, when I talked about the investment in terms of our systems and supply chain and that will be over probably a 2- to 3-year period of time. That hopefully, we'll be able to take advantage of that and further out, utilize the things that we do manually and, again, be able to reduce the inventory level and maximize the sales by store.
Carol Meyrowitz: I can tell you that the unique A.J. Wright vendors were taking full advantage. And some of the things that worked in A.J. Wright, we have kept it in some of our other stores. And there are areas, vendors, categories, items that have done very well, that we're taking full advantage of it in the Marmaxx chain. So again, as I said before, we're just learning a lot. And so we're just hoping that this opportunity just keeps growing and growing. We're seeing some interesting results, but it's very early, very early on.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everyone. Again, I want to emphasize that we will be referring to adjusted results throughout today's presentation. Reconciliations between our GAAP reported numbers and the adjusted results are provided in today's release, and we've also put them up on our website.  Now to recap first quarter fiscal 2012 results. First off, net sales reached $5.2 billion. That's a 4% increase over last year. Our consolidated comp store sales increased 2% on top of a very strong 9% increase last year. That was driven by continued growth in customer traffic. And for the quarter, the ticket was essentially flat.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.78 compared with last year's $0.80 per share. Now these results include a $0.03 negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates due to a mark-to-market adjustment on our inventory-related hedges, which had not been contemplated in our original guidance. So our underlying results are a bit stronger than it would appear and, excluding the mark-to-market adjustment, towards the high end of our guidance. This item is expected to effectively reverse in subsequent periods, primarily in the second quarter when the inventory that we’ve hedged is sold.  Turning to pretax profit margins. Our pretax profit margin on an adjusted basis for the quarter was 9.6%. That's in line with our original guidance and down 110 basis points from the prior year. Now the mark-to-market adjustment represented 30 basis points of this decline, with the remaining 80 basis points primarily due to factors that were anticipated in our plan, and I'll cover in a moment. It's important to note that we expect these factors will moderate as we move through the year. And in the guidance I'll cover later in the call, we continue to plan for full year, that's full year adjusted pretax profit margins, essentially flat on a 1% to 2% comp sales increase. So what we're seeing here in the first quarter largely reflects a pacing or a timing item.  The gross profit margin decreased 40 basis points on an adjusted basis versus last year. 30 basis points of that is due to the mark-to-market adjustment. The remaining 10 basis point decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit margins in Europe, as we took significant markdowns to clear out inventories, and that was partially offset by improved buying and occupancy expense leverage.  SG&A expense increased 70 basis points, which was in line with our expectations, and reflected the factors impacting Q1 that we discussed on our last conference call. So in terms of the factors themselves, specifically, the increase in SG&A reflects the timing of certain expense items. One, we're absorbing talent and certain costs from the A.J. Wright division and other TJX divisions. Secondly, we have deleverage from our European segment. And finally, for most of the first quarter, we did not have the benefit of sales from the 90 A.J. Wright conversion stores, which negatively impacted our expense ratios. So again, these factors will moderate as we move through the year, and we continue to expect SG&A rates for the full year, that's a full year, to be up minimally on the planned 1% to 2% comp increase, which is about what you'd expected. So again, Q1 SG&A rates, we think, are more about the timing and the pacing of the year. Turning to inventories. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses, were up 12%. That's up 10% on a constant-currency basis, and that compares to a 12% decrease last year. This increase was primarily due to our having taken advantage of much larger available quantities of end-of-season branded packaway product, and that compares to very low quantities that we had of end-of-season packaway last year. It's important to note that inventory levels in our stores are down and turning faster, which bodes well for merchandise margins. Further, we entered the second quarter with a more liquid inventory position, with more open to buy than at this time last year, and we think we're in very, very good shape to buy into current trends and opportunities in the market. In terms of shareholder distributions, we retired 7.1 million shares, buying back $361 million of TJX stock during the quarter. We continue to anticipate buying back approximately $1.2 billion worth of TJX stock this year. We also raised the annual dividend to $0.76 per share, a 27% increase, and it's worth noting that this was the 15th consecutive year in which we’ve raised our dividend.  So now I'll turn it back to Carol, and I'll come back later to provide details on our guidance for the balance of the year.
Jeffrey Naylor: Jennifer, for the full year, we've -- we're calling for the Marmaxx segment profit margin, which was 13.3% last year, to be basically flat on a 2% to 3% comps. So as Carol mentioned, the stores that -- the Marmaxx stores we have in the lower-income demographics, we actually see slightly higher four-wall contributions from those stores. So it doesn't hurt, that cannibalization can be a factor, but when you put it all together, it's basically flat year-over-year. And that's what we have baked into our 3-year model, by the way, when we look out 3 years it’s a flat segment profit margin for Marmaxx on a 1.5% to 2% comp.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. And a big piece of this, Evren, it's not just what we bought this year, it's also that the quantities of packaway that were available last year were very...
Jeffrey Naylor: Very minimal. So a piece of this is more opportunity this year, particularly at the end of the season. There are a lot of cancellations -- there are a lot of late arrivals of goods in the fourth quarter. We were able to take advantage of that as we crossed over into this year, but that was up against very low levels of packaway last year. So that's part of what's impacting the year-over-year comparisons.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. And, Brian, that's just -- obviously, that's what we're putting in. We've got a 3-year model that gets us to 10% to 13% EPS growth. Baked into that is a 1% to 2% comp. So we think that the conservative way to plan it is to -- flat profit margin on a 1% to 2% comp. It takes some SG&A cost reduction to get there. And there's probably gross -- but we think there's more gross margin opportunity than, to Carol's point, than there is risk, but I think that's the prudent way to plan it. So my comment is related more to the model. But I tell you the management view, obviously, we're striving to beat it. In terms of the assumptions for Europe, I'll give you the Q2 and the second half. So as you look at the comp, right now, we're calling for a 0% to 2% comp in the second quarter, and that's on top of a minus 4% last year and a 6% the year before that, plus 6%. In the second half, we're calling for a 2% to 4% comp. That's on a minus 4% last year and a 3% the year before that. So if you start -- and you guys can do this math off-line. But if you actually start looking at the 2- and the 3-year stacked comps for the second quarter of this year and the second half of this year, we do not have a significant -- we have a slight improvement in trend, but not a dramatic improvement in trend. I'd say, it's nothing that's -- that I would characterize as heroic. And we think those are makeable numbers. In terms of the profit, the thing to realize is that in the back half of the year -- last year, we came up against -- we had almost a 400 basis point hit on the gross margin line in the back half at Europe. Q1 this year was down pretty significantly, as well as, Carol mentioned, we took a lot of markdowns. But we were up against basically a flat margin last year. So what's happening here is we're going to -- as we move from Q1 into Q2 and into the second half, the margin comparisons get significantly easier. The comp comparisons get easier. And so we think as we look at the plan, that we planned it, what I would refer to as, prudently. And we've also planned it candidly below what our internal expectations would be for the business. But we think that's right way to do it, given some of the trends that we've seen over the last 9 months.
Jeffrey Naylor: It does. So it would have a flip on the mark-to-market, Adrianne. That's worth, we think, somewhere around 30 basis points as well to the bottom line.
Jeffrey Naylor: So yes, on the packaway, it's never more than 10% of what we do, Kimberly. We were up against lower levels of -- very low levels of packaway last year. We're not specific on the quantity. I don't want to get into the mode of taking specific components of our inventory and quantifying it. But I can tell you, it's the lion's share of the increase that you're seeing year-over-year, and we feel, as Ernie said, very, very comfortable with that inventory. That it's -- it wasn't a strategy to manage margins in the back half, it was all about great values, great brands and just an abundance of available products. So in terms of the comparisons, I would tell you that May is reflective of what we're currently seeing, where I think the June, July guidance is more reflective of continued concerns about the economy, the economic environment, and frankly, being a little conservative.
Jeffrey Naylor: And I think in the short term, before we're in a position to deploy those systems, there's a lot of things that we can do manually and through spreadsheets that we're doing. And I think the one thing that gives us confidence is the variation in store-level turn across our businesses is pretty wide. And that tells us that with the businesses that are turning a little bit more on the slow side, that there is an opportunity. In fact, we talked about that in the last call.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. On the full year, Richard, we're providing the guidance. So Marmaxx essentially flat on a 2% to 3%, with -- in the case of HomeGoods, we are planning that business up 20 to 40 basis points. So that would be 9.7% to 9.9%, which is a phenomenal, given where we thought the business –- [indiscernible] be. And that's on a 3% to 4% comp. In terms of Europe, we're planning that business at -- the comp is flat to 2%. And that's $100 million to $110 million on a full year basis, which is 3.4% to 3.6% at a segment profit margin. And then in Canada, we're planning that business at a 13.2% to a 13.3%. And that's on a, essentially, a flat comp, and that's against the 14.0% last year. So there's some deleverage, given that we plan the comp flat. That's said, obviously, if we can beat that comp, then there's an opportunity to maintain the margin. So that's the all-in. As I mentioned, bottom line, we're planning a 10.4% to 10.7% on a pretax against 10.6% last year, and that's on 1% to 2% comp. So we're planning it down 20 to up 10 [basis points] on a 1% to 2% for the year. So we remain comfortable with that. That's essentially the same guidance that we gave you at year end.
Jeffrey Naylor: If the other -- just the other comment there, if I could jump in. A.J. Wright consolidation really helps in terms of marketing because, in essence, we've got 90 stores that contribute marketing dollars. And so we were able to increase the Marmaxx and the HomeGoods budgets in line with the sales that we're getting from those converted stores, which gives them more money to spend. That's all -- it's about leveraging, right. So that -- there's a benefit to advertising as well.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, okay. So yes. So I think if you look at the expenses, I think the thing to call out here is that the G&A rates were up 70 basis points in Q1. The factors that drove it were deleveraged from Europe, the expense timing, as we absorb talent and other costs from A.J. And we're basically running at full staffing right now, so we have no vacancy. Typically, at any point in time you're going to have 2%, 3% of your headcount will be open. Right now, we have no vacancy, and we've been building a bench. We used some of the A.J. talent to build the bench, which we think is smart for the future. We also didn't have the full quarter of sales from the conversion stores, which impacts our expense ratio. So that's really what's driving the G&A rate. I think the other thing is to call out, and I get to corporate expenses, but the other thing to call out is again the G&A we're seeing for the full year, up 10 basis points to up 20 on a 1% to 2%, which is in line with our model. And 10 basis points of that deleverage is coming from advertising. So we think, overall, as we look at the year, we feel very comfortable with our G&A and our G&A leverage. So what about corporate expenses? Well, obviously, you have some geography here where we have some expenses that are hitting corporate. The first is on the talent, the headcount, the bench, much of that cost is hitting corporate. Some of this is related to initiatives. Carol talked about e-com and building a team there, we have TJX University that we're aggressively using to teach people going forward, building a bench, that's all hitting corporate. We also had about $6 million of onetime items. The largest of which was a write-off that -- we moved one of our buying offices and there -- a lease write-off. It was a movement within the city, but it was still a new premise that allowed us to expand to accommodate the growth. And then finally, we have some costs in corporate that are related to our data center. We're in the process of moving our data center. We have a data center that's many years old, and we're in the process of replacing it and there's some costs. And we'll see those as we go through the year. But all this, candidly, is all baked into the guidance that we've given you on G&A for both Q2, the back half and the full year.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I think -- again, much of what we buy, we buy close to the time it's in our stores. So we really have the kind of flexibility to respond to markets. And I think the evidence of that is if you go back to the fourth quarter 2008 post-Lehman, our merchandise margin was almost flat. I think we were down 10 basis points. So this shows the ability of our business to course-correct and take advantage of opportunities and respond real time to what the market's giving us and telling us. So I think we haven't priced in any margin compression.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. That said, we also haven't priced in any -- if you look at the margin guidance and our guidance, we haven't -- we have assume sort of a flat to maybe very slight increase in the average ticket. So I -- we think we've been appropriately -- appropriate in our -- in the assumptions we've made about the back half.
Ernie Herrman: And I would just jump in and say also the merchants have been selective through that process. So it's not like we just buy every packaway, but the availability was so plentiful. We stayed selective as we went through that whole list of packaways.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I was just there recently. I'm feeling better about the fashion as well as the brands that we have in the mix. So I think that's equally important in Europe. I think we're headed in the right direction, in terms of the overall values that we're delivering to the stores and to the customers. I think what's helping there is that the market in Europe has been yielding some very exciting opportunities. And our merchants have been able to, as Carol said, we're liquid, so they've been able to take advantage of these opportunities. And at the same time, they have really been focused on buying the best of the best. So I think throughout that process, I think the mix in the stores from a fashion and brand perspective is feeling a lot better than it did a few months ago. So again directionally, without being too optimistic, I want to stay balanced here, I would say the goods in the stores are feeling better.
Ernie Herrman: Jeff, and I would just jump in. Similar to what I said on the packaways is, even on the -- all the other goods that we're buying, they are being selective. And I think that's what Carol was just talking about. We are buying pretty balanced assortment now. I think we're a little too moderate prior. And so whether it's goods at the high end, goods on the middle level, the merchants are all in that page. And generally, that's what works best for us when we're buying across the board. So we're feeling much better about that.
Patrick McKeever: What was the final split in terms of the A.J. Wright conversions between T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods? It looks like maybe just a handful of HomeGoods stores, and then the balance would've been kind of 1/2 and 1/2 T.J. Maxx and Marshalls. Just wondering if that was the case.
Patrick McKeever: But I'm just curious with the continued growth in the number of vendors, I was just wondering if the -- it's at 14,000. I'm just wondering if the A.J. Wright vendors would've -- the unique A.J. Wright vendors would've represented a big number now that the...
Patrick McKeever: Got it, got it. Okay, well, the converted stores look great to me. So it looked like real home runs.
