Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John Klinger. As we announced last quarter, John has been promoted to CFO. John will be covering the financials on the call and taking your financial questions today and going forward. continues in the SVP role [indiscernible] of Finance role with more of a focus on corporate areas like business development and real estate. I'm very pleased that our company will continue to benefit from both of their financial expertise and decades of TJX experience and leadership.  I'd like to start today by thanking all of our global associates for their great work in 2022. I am truly appreciative of their continued commitment to both TJX and our customers. I want to give special recognition though to our store, distribution center and fulfillment center associates for their hard work and dedication every single day.  Now to an overview of our results beginning with the fourth quarter. I am extremely pleased with our strong top line performance. Our better-than-expected U.S. comp store sales increase of 4% was driven by the excellent performance at our Marmaxx division, which delivered its strongest quarter of the year. We also saw positive U.S. customer traffic in the fourth quarter, which was also driven by Marmaxx.  Our exciting assortment of gifts and great values resonated with shoppers this holiday season. I believe the freshness of our mix really sets us apart as we shipped ever-changing selections to our stores and online throughout the quarter.  In terms of profitability, pretax profit margin increased over last year. Our merchant organization continue to do a great job buying better and retailing strategically, which drove excellent mark on. Unfortunately, we had an outsized shrink charge in the fourth quarter that resulted in pretax profit margin coming in below our plan, which John will discuss in a moment.  For the full year, total sales were nearly $50 billion. Profitability improved over last year, and adjusted earnings per share grew 9%. I want to again recognize all of our talented associates around the world for the excellent execution of our flexible off-price business model throughout the year. Their collective efforts drove outstanding value on our assortment, excitement in our stores and the satisfaction of our customers.  Moving to 2023, the first quarter is off to a strong start. We are excited about our plans to drive sales and customer traffic and are laser-focused on initiatives to drive profitability this year and beyond. Availability of quality branded merchandise is phenomenal. We are in a great position to take advantage of the opportunities we are seeing in the marketplace. Further, we are convinced that our commitment to value and our treasure hunt shopping experience will continue to serve us well in this environment. Importantly, we continue to see many opportunities to capture market share and improve profitability over both the short and long term.  Now before I continue, I'll turn the call over to John to cover our fourth quarter and full year financial results in more detail.
Ernie Herrman: I like your attitude. Yes. I mean part of this comes down to -- as always, we're going to plan -- as witnessed by this year, right, we did not plan on the shrink impact. On the flip side, to your point, our sales certainly in Q4, showing that we have some really strong momentum and perhaps we're planning conservatively on that line. It's just a little early to call based on the environment that's around us.  Yes, we had Marmaxx have a 7 comp in the quarter. So we are feeling very bullish as well as all the divisions and all the different metrics throughout all the performance metrics throughout TJX are extremely healthy other than the shrink surprise.  To your point, and I'm just going to try to explain why we are where we are in the plan. To your point, shrink was the only component of our operational performance that wasn't very strong. Everything else, sales, merchandise margin, the way we're retailing and buying goods, the way we operate and manage expenses and distribution in stores, all of those metrics are extremely healthy.  So now we have a situation where we're looking at and John will touch on it, we're essentially planning our shrink flat okay, for this coming year. So when we're putting in tactics and strategies to try to ensure that we get there, I do think we're being judicious, I think, on that plan and not trying to go to either extreme either way and expect too much or too little in terms of how we manage that. We do think we -- how do we put this -- we're feeling very good about the where position going in because I feel on the retailing of goods and the buying of goods, we're probably in a little better position where there might be some upside there to your point. The strengthening that's happening in the dynamic of this is -- this is part of the art form is the vendor community right now because of a lot of store closures as well as the slowdown in the e-com business across the board, is obviously creating an influx of inventory and better brands than we've seen even versus our last call.  Every call we're talking about, you could see we purposely said phenomenal in terms of availability because the environment right now is more phenomenal availability -- I would say, in terms of branded content across good, better and best. So again, I'm giving you the merchandising side and the top line side. We just feel as though we don't want to go out with too aggressive sales plan when it's very difficult to forecast on the volatility as witnessed by last year, we still early on, didn't do the sales were figuring on.  We have HomeGoods, which -- we're still trying to figure out the home trend nationally. We might have another couple of quarters across our home businesses, which just aren't in HomeGoods that could keep our top line down a little. So Q4, right, we ran on minus 7% in home goods. We still had a 4% in TJX driven by Marmaxx in Canada and Europe. And so bottom line is we're being conservative in our plans, but I think judicious given the environment.  I'll let John get into some of the financial modeling margin question.
Ernie Herrman: Omar, great questions. Let me -- I'll go with the e-comm one first. Yes. So I agree, and I think you were starting to hint at that. So it creates a sales opportunity for us certainly as e-com business has slowed across the board. By the way, in our e-com business is very complementary and additive to us, but it's such a small 2%. We're not a player there per se in terms of the key component. However, it does help our branding and our current feel for our younger customer base as well as the older customer base for our brick-and-mortar. So we are high on our e-comm business. It's just the external businesses that are so big have been running into you, as you know, and some of them are home related, some of them are apparel related and they're running into, I think, given the inflation, they're running into, obviously, top line slowdowns, they might have hit saturation points within certain market -- within certain merchandise categories. And that does create, and I think you were getting an additional inventory supply for us ironically that we have been taking advantage of.  And when I was referring earlier when Michael had asked the question about our positioning, et cetera, and I was mentioning in the script, the phenomenal availability, we know that a chunk of that availability is actually e-com spill off availability from many of the other e-com players.  So it's a tremendous source and also some good brands in there as well because some of the vertical e-com players, as you can imagine, tough to forecast with their sales -- that their sales were going to be that hit that hard that they were going to yield this much goods, which is why we are very bullish on the branded content of our mix, specifically even on the better and best levels. We have lulls every now and there but key to our success, we believe, is carrying ranges of good, better and best merchandise across all the categories consistently as much as possible and e-com has been a great supplier of that. Yes. So HomeGoods, Michael, is it's very interesting. So you could see our decrease there in Q4, it's getting a little better. And I think Omar, I mean, the way you were referring to it, I think, Omar, as we look out, we're kind of watching the next couple of quarters and seeing where we're going to go with that business. What I would say here is talk about store closures and e-com declines in that arena, that is going to create -- all we have to do there is weather the storm and keep HomeGoods and home in our Marmaxx business going. And we think we come out the other side here and even a bigger player in a fashion home business than anybody thought we would be.  The key is we have to -- everyone has to go to this lull in the demand. But I think that creates a shakeout that actually, to your point, we see light at the end of the tunnel. It's just -- we're not seeing it right now. HomeGoods still down 11% for the year, down 7% in the quarter. The interesting thing is if you look at total TJX we still ran a 4% with HomeGoods down 7% because we have everything else clicking, which is one of the best parts about our portfolio is we're so diverse that we're able to flex and we talk about our flexible business model all the time. This is the time when that flexible business model really shines. And I think when you have a category like home, which is a roller coaster ride, we're able to mitigate the ups and downs by the rest of our business. Great question.
Ernie Herrman: Lorraine, okay, great touch base on that. Yes, no. So the pricing strategy has continued to work extremely, extremely well. And in fact, very few situations. And again, our buyers are all over it. When it doesn't work, we have repriced. The good news is we turn so fast, as all of you know, that it doesn't last long in any SKU. And it's been -- I'm saying we're 95% successful on it.  And so going forward, as I mentioned in the script, that is a key component of our way to continue to raise our margins because -- and it's a combination, by the way, of buying better and the strategic retailing of the goods.  And Lorraine, one of the big advantages we have, we've been looking at this a lot in depth recently. And this goes -- well, it goes to a couple of things. It goes to the fact that we do good, better, best. Many other retailers, as you know, are fairly narrow. And I don't want to say the names of them, but some of them, they're good, maybe they'll dabbling a bit better, but they certainly don't do good, better, best. And that's in terms of quality, the level of brands, good, better, but there are good brands, meaning they're household names, but they're at a moderate price per se. Better brains and then there's higher-end designer/best brands.  And we -- because we tend to want to have a balance of all of that in every category throughout the store, we're able to execute the strategic retailing of the goods more effectively than I think retailers that are really kind of boxed in and more of just a good and slow better only situation. So once again, that's -- and we have this team.  The other thing we keep talking about the business model, other retailers have strong business models, but they don't have the tenure that we have across TJX and the experience in the teaching, the university, the -- I always look for all the different areas within TJX that allows us to do some of these pricing things without the risk where you're swinging a pendulum because you don't have the talent, the experienced merchants that we have here.  So we have such a long tenure in buying and planning and storage distribution, marketing, logistics, IT, finance, HR, legal, administrative. i mean we just have such tenure that helps us execute some things that I think some other companies run into where they're not as experienced at it.  And to your point about the customers, we've had no issues. In fact, given our sales, you can see it's -- we do -- by the way, our perception of value, and I think I mentioned that there somewhere in the script is -- continues to go up on our surveys on our perception of value by our customers.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Thanks, Paul. So yes, markdowns were higher versus FY '22. But again, FY '22 was up against an exceptionally low year. When you look at our markdowns compared to FY '20, they're actually favorable. So the markdown is -- most of it is due to the comparison to just an exceptionally low year.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. By the way, Paul, I'll just jump in on that. On the inventory levels, as John said, and maybe a notch lighter than we expect. The other thing is sales, obviously, we had outperformed in sales, which added to the slightly less inventory. And then we love our position right now, and by the way, this could end up helping with our markdown rate because we're so fresh going into the first quarter and our start to the year on sales is a strong start. It will allow us to chase and potentially do even better than the sales plan.  You guys have witnessed, for example, we didn't plan to run a 7% in Marmaxx in the fourth quarter. We were able to chase it and achieve it or do we plan a 4% overall in TJX or in 2021, when we ran -- we had like a 3% comp plan that we ran, I don't know, 15% or something like that. We did not plan that. We just -- we were able to chase because the market has those goods, and there's more goods today than there was then. So I like our inventory position because I think it's just textbook for us to -- and I like our sales momentum. So it's a good combination going in this way into the new year.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Well, yes, let me mention that last thing first. Well, the consumer does continue to shift towards value, and that's one of the reasons our top line is so healthy, and we don't think that's going to change for a number of years, especially in an inflationary environment where there's a pressure on the average consumer with all costs in their household going up. So we -- this is really a textbook situation for us.  In terms of the buying better. The buying better, it's all in a few pieces here. So part of it is the strategic retailing of the goods is actually a little different than the buying better. So the buying better is and what you're getting at is how sustainable is that? One reason I think there's a long sustainability to it is because you're running into a lot of closures and slowdowns with other retailers permanent store closures. And we are becoming even more important to vendors today than we were even as recently as a year ago, certainly, as we were 3 years ago, and we're just seeing the beginning -- the tip of the iceberg, I would say, on our ability to leverage that with our -- all of our vendors.  Yes, we have 21,000 vendors, but the reality is we have a lot of really key relationships with the biggest brands in the industry. And I would think most of them, and I was on the phone recently with 2 of our biggest vendors. And I think they would all say that we are more important to them today than ever before. So that will help in terms of our buying better for a long period of time, that's not just an availability of goods today. That's a long term, more important to the key brands, and we're so brand driven.  Unlike other retailers that -- and by the way, good, better, best plays into that as well. We're also not -- we're not private label driven where many other retailers are relying on that so much, and that doesn't yield this type of benefit for them because they're their own importers and they're up against their own dealing directly that way.  In terms of the retailing of the goods, that we have many years to go because the inflation -- so we do shopping reports about how many of our SKUs, we look at our SKUs, how they -- our buyers comp-shop our SKUs, how are they at the other retailers and there is still so much more room for us to continue to move along those lines to surgically raise retails because the other retailers around us are having to do it because of inflation, that also a long tail. So very sustainable, not a 1-year thing, a multiyear opportunity. And our -- we're probably one of the only retailers set up to be able to capitalize on this the way we can. But we really are excited about this not being a short-term window because of those 2 dynamics.  It's a great question and one we talk about in depth here. So thank you, Brooke, for asking that.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Well, the traffic we're -- you're right, it is a bit of an inflection point. I like the way you described it. So we're looking -- we would like to see that continue here as we move into the new year. Again, we're feeling good on the start.  Going back to the way we're planning our sales though, we'd like to see a longer-term trend there to start planning it a little more aggressively. I mean -- we're in a good position here based on the inflection. Again, the average -- the average basket was up significantly, customer traffic increased slightly, which is good. We'd like to see just a little bit longer trend there. We do like across the board where our average baskets look healthy, right, John? In terms of the total. So that's feeling really good.  If we can start to get a traffic increase on a regular basis will kind of be really off to the races on the sales, although we're feeling already that there's -- that we have some upside.
Ernie Herrman: Well, you know, Marni, yes, we'd like to thank every person [indiscernible]. We still have so much of the population that is not shopping us strangely enough which is why we're bullish on continuing to take -- here's what I think that happens in this environment, by the way, and it's going to help traffic even more is the store -- back to the store closures that are happening around us.  Marni, even if you factor in that half of those stores, only half of the categories marry up and create a visit to us. That's still a big number when you take in account the hundreds that are now slowing down or closing hundreds of stores. And I think that's going to play into us because we -- unfortunately, we wish we did. We don't have everyone shopping us, and we still have a lot.  We -- our market share continues to go up every year, however. And as you can tell by our performance, we are gaining percent of our sales is new customers without a doubt, and we track that. But it's a mix of new customers, up spend of existing as well as -- and some of the up spend is driven by an additional visit. Not necessarily on the basket, John.
Ernie Herrman: We do think, Marni, to what you're getting at is the -- we're starting to differentiate ourselves even more because of all the brands that we have and [indiscernible] shopper, we across the different brands and the different fashion looks and the different quality levels, we're covering it across a wide band of pricing throughout all of those and trying to appeal to wider customer range than your typical retailer, which I think is working.
Ernie Herrman: What you're saying is, so we look at the -- we have some marketing studies. But when you look at TikTok or you look at the average age of our new customers, and I'll give you one other metric, which I mentioned in the script is we're becoming a gifting destination all year long, which is an indication that we're cool because typically, [indiscernible] like gifts, they don't do it from uncool retailers. And years ago, I don't think we were a big candidate for gifting, and now we are throughout the year, which says we're cooler to your part.
Ernie Herrman: I appreciate all the time with everybody. And I think that's the end of our call. And thank you for joining us. We will be updating you again on our first quarter earnings call in May. So thank you all for your time.
John Klinger: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be starting in this new role, and I want to add my sincere thanks to Scott for his guidance and mentorship over the years, and I look forward to continuing to work with them. I would also like to echo Ernie's comments and thank all of our global associates for their hard work and commitment throughout 2022.  I'll start with some additional details on the fourth quarter. As Ernie mentioned, U.S. comp store sales increased 4%, exceeding our expectations. Our U.S. comp growth was driven by a very strong 7% comp sales increase at Marmaxx. For the fourth quarter, average basket was up in the U.S., driven by a higher average ticket and U.S. customer traffic was up. TJX net sales grew to $14.5 billion, a 5% increase versus the fourth quarter of fiscal '22 and despite a significant impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange.  Fourth quarter consolidated pretax profit margin of 9.2% was up 20 basis points versus last year, and merchandise margin was down slightly. Within merchandise margin, strong mark-on was offset by higher markdowns, which were compared to exceptionally low markdowns last year. Freight was a benefit in the fourth quarter. Further, we had an unplanned shrink charge of 60 basis points versus last year. I want to note that our fourth quarter pretax profit margin guidance contemplated an expected 50 basis point benefit from shrink due to the elevated charge in the fourth quarter of last year. Therefore, the negative impact of shrink versus our pretax profit margin guidance was 110 basis points. Lastly, we're pleased that earnings per share were $0.89, up 14% at the high end of our plans.  Moving to our fourth quarter divisional performance. At Marmaxx, fourth quarter comp store sales increased a very strong 7% over a 10% open-only comp increase last year. Marmaxx's comp increase was driven by apparel and accessory categories, which had a high single-digit comp increase. Further, in the fourth quarter, customer traffic was the main driver of the comp increase and average basket also increased. Marmaxx's fourth quarter segment profit margin was 11.6%.  HomeGoods fourth quarter comp store sales decrease of 7% versus an outsized 22% open-only comp increase last year. HomeGoods fourth quarter segment profit margin was 7.3%. Internationally, we're pleased with the performance of both our TJX Canada and TJX International divisions in the fourth quarter. At our Canadian division, net sales were up 10% on a constant currency basis versus last year. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was up 12.5%, which exceeded their fiscal '20 margin. And at our International division, net sales on a constant currency basis were up 11% versus last year. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was up 7.2% -- excuse me, segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 7.2%.  Now to our full year consolidated fiscal 2023 results. U.S. comp sales were flat versus a 17% U.S. open-only comp sales increase last year. TJX net sales grew to $49.9 billion, up 3% compared to fiscal '22 despite a significant impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Full year adjusted pretax profit margin was 9.7%, a 10 basis point increase versus last year's adjusted 9.6% and merchandise margin was down. Within merchandise margin, strong mark-on was more than offset by 120 basis points of incremental freight costs and higher markdowns, which, again, were up against exceptionally low markdowns last year. Shrink expense negatively impacted full year merchandise margin by approximately 30 basis points and was not contemplated in our most recent full year guidance. Full year adjusted earnings per share were $3.11 at the high end of our plan and up 9% versus last year's adjusted $2.85.  Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory was down 2% versus the fourth quarter of fiscal '22. We are confident that we are strongly positioned to both capitalize on the abundant merchandise in the marketplace and flow fresh assortments to our stores and online this spring.  I'll finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. For the fourth quarter, we generated $3 billion in operating cash flow. For the full year, we generated $4.1 billion in operating cash flow. We ended the year with $5.5 billion in cash. In fiscal '23, we returned $3.6 billion to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs.  Now I'll turn it back to Ernie.
John Klinger: Yes. So Michael, just on the -- getting to that 10.6%, I mean, in FY '25, again, it does assume a 3% to 4% comp and continued benefit from better buying an average retail. Now we do anticipate a benefit in freight in FY '25, albeit lower than what we're seeing in FY '24. And that's really a function of the -- when our domestic contracts renew and so there would be a little bit of year-over-year benefit as we cycle a full year of that freight savings along with things we're doing internally to reduce our shrink rate, wage and supply chain costs, we expect those to moderate in FY '25. So we're adding a distribution center in all of our brands this year. So there will be some, again, year-over-year, the annualization of those costs in FY '25, but we do expect those costs to moderate. And again, shrink flat over the next 2 years.  Beyond FY '25, we do expect to be able to hold or slightly increased pretax margin on a 3% to 4% comp. And again, it assumes a slight improvement from better buying in average retail with no outsized expense headwinds and some favorability from shrink going forward. But we still feel very good about the fundamentals of the business.
John Klinger: I'll just add on that. So it feels like sales are getting close to stabilizing. Q1, as Ernie mentioned, is up against really strong sales from previous years. It's actually the highest 3-year stack of the year that we're going into. So we feel like Q2 we'll probably start to see more clearly where we are with that. But we feel really good about the value proposition, which is still strong. We're attracting new customers. We're opening new stores, and we're likely to benefit from other home store closures. So we still feel very positive about the HomeGoods business.
John Klinger: As far as the first quarter versus -- so markdowns, we expect them to be in the first quarter, roughly flat to the previous year. Now as far as our inventory levels for Q4, we ended the year essentially 1% up on a per store basis. We do anticipate the inventory levels to increase a little bit into Q1. So part of it is that the inventory levels, we had forecasted bringing our inventory levels down and Scott had talked about it in previous quarters. So we did bring the inventory levels down.  We probably came in a little bit lower due to the shrink impact that we had in the first quarter, which we are correcting -- excuse me, in the fourth quarter, which we are correcting into the first quarter but we feel very comfortable with where the inventory levels are in our stores.
John Klinger: Yes. So gross margin, we are planning it up to 140 basis points. So freight is a major component of that. Also, mark on an average retail is another piece of it. So those are the drivers for why we are expecting gross profit margin to be up.  Now on the other side of it, obviously, we have minimum wage and other things that are in SG&A going the other way. That's on a full year basis.
John Klinger: Yes, I mean I would say we break down the fourth quarter is probably half transactions and half basket, probably leaning a little bit more towards transactions.
