Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I am very pleased with our second quarter results. Consolidated comp store sales were up 3% over a 4% increase last year and above our plan. Once again, customer traffic was the primary driver of our consolidated comp increase. Earnings per share were up $0.85 also above our expectations and merchandise margin was up again this quarter. We believe our second quarter performance demonstrates once again the strength, consistency and flexibility of our off-price business model. We continue to deliver healthy sales and comp increases in a shifting retail landscape with volatility in traditional retail and growth of online in general. We are particularly pleased with the performance of both our apparel and home categories. Our outstanding values in the collective merchandise mix continue to resonate with consumers and drive shoppers to our stores. We remain convinced that we have been growing our customer base and gaining market share at each of our four major divisions. The customer is clearly telling us that brick-and-mortar retail continues to be an essential part of the shopping experience and certainly when it is executed right with the right values. All of this gives us confidence in our long-term global store growth potential. Across the company, we plan to open approximately 260 stores this year alone. With our strong second quarter performance, we are raising our guidance for adjusted EPS growth. Looking ahead, we have many growth initiatives planned for the back half of the year. The marketplace is loaded with quality branded merchandise across apparel and non-apparel categories. And as always, our management team is passionate about achieving its plans and we will strive to surpass them. We remain very confident that we can continue to successfully grow in both the U.S. and internationally. Before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter numbers.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, good question, Kimberly. And obviously, we get this fair amount from different people asking similar variations of that question. First of all, we have not experienced the cutback with our major brands. It varies by brand, but overall in terms of the branded content and the ratios of all of our bigger programs throughout all the businesses, we if anything are having to manage our flow and our buying pattern there to not buy too much too soon, so we have not experienced that. I know – and we are aware of where it gets reported and in some specific cases, some of those brands are cutting back, but then other big brands oftentimes have more than what they are talking about or more than if they are staying quiet there can be more out there than you know about. And secondly you mentioned it in your question, we have a wide – we have a wide universe of brands, 18,000 is what we are saying publicly warrant admission to consistently open more brands. So, with all the different categories and I did have that in the script, actually in the prepared remarks that we not only are buying for more brands, but from the existing brands we are buying more categories and into new divisions. So, some of that brands get expanded to other divisions that weren’t necessarily being put in the other divisions. So, I guess we are bit of an island on this front. We know what’s going on in the environment, but we have no pattern of less availability that we see that we have any visibility to. Again, it varies by brand. We could have one brand down one year and another up, but in terms of major brands we probably have more flow today than we have ever had.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Michael and we have been saying this for a bit and it has not moderated as much as we would have thought, but we see it as some of our hottest categories the way it’s worked out have been in lower average ticket areas as well as the environment has certainly with the opportunities that we have gone after from both fronts. We have ended up with lower average ticket. And this by the way tends to be a Marmaxx discussion, but we see that as moderating as we move forward. We thought it would have moderated more quickly over the last half really and it hasn’t. Having said that, we have talked about this many times, this is a bottom-up strategy, it is not a top-down strategy in the company and we drive it from our merchandise managers and buyers down at the family of business area, where they want to ensure the right value and excitement level and we believe it’s directly tied into the market share and strong sales for example this past quarter that we are having. So a bit ambiguous on the average ticket thing. I know I think you were asking a bit about merchandise margin as well there. We are happy – certainly, our merchandise margin we are very happy with what’s been going on there and we have had years and years of healthy merchandise margin improvements, but we were – Marmaxx especially and we were very happy with the way that came in, in this past quarter. So, in terms of going forward that’s a place where yes, it’s always challenging compare app, but we think over time we still can make inroads there. So, hopefully between Scott and I answered your question.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Matt, in terms of the – I think you asked about turning faster potentially given I guess what you are getting out is the opportunities that could be in the marketplace right given the business around. And I would say that I am not sure it will turn significantly faster. In substance, we are turning so fast as it is, but there might be some margin opportunity in that situation where yes, certainly apparel across the markets is not healthy and so that could yield some unusually good opportunities, but that is one reason in the prepared comments we talked about the loaded markets that are out there, which isn’t just apparel, but it is potentially yielding I think some margin opportunities that we are hoping will reap the benefits of. And that probably won’t just be apparel. The interesting one place where it’s very visible is if you look at our Europe business this past quarter, we had just a phenomenally healthy merchandise margin come through over there. On a one comp, we delivered, Scott, I don’t know if you have that.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And I am so product of that team and when you have that environment in that situation the sales are just okay to be able to leverage that really speaks to the model of our business that they have held their powder dry, their commitments, their open buy was liquid and it’s really classic off-price 101 where that team was able to execute and have such a healthy merchandise margin in an environment like that where everybody is struggling and managed to that and come out clean at the end of the season. So, I really took my hat to that team in Europe.
Ernie Herrman: So, I will jump in at first on the supply chain. Supply chain, we don’t have detailed plans rolled out yet for the go forward. I think that the only changes from the beginning of the year to now looking forward, it’s a bit more lumpy, but primarily two things running Ernie had indirectly addressed. The first one is a lot will depend on how average retails move, but as ever retails have gone up, certainly puts a bit more pressure primarily on Marmaxx for us to do certain whether it’s more things that cost us more money in terms of the supply chain on a go forward basis. Whether that’s moving forward a DC earlier than we would have thought or using some outside third-parties to produce some goods for us. In terms of the other piece of that as we have ramped up the HomeGoods and the performance there, also making the sets that they are providing a bit earlier than we would have expected the distribution capacity for that chain. Those really are the two things, so a bit lumpy, lumpy going forward. And the only other thing is just this past week, actually Sunday, we opened up a new distribution center in the UK, in Wakefield, which will weigh a little on our margins for the next few months as we have some duplicate storage and other costs, but we think it provides a great environment for us on go forward and we don’t see any need for distribution capacity in Europe at this point for the near future. In terms of store openings, we are opening as Ernie said 260. All of them meet the hurdle rates that we have 12% or better that we plan for our return on invested capital. We by and large have been hitting overall our sales plans, so whether it’s this year or going back, I would say the one thing that we have talked about from time-to-time is from a overall we don’t get the benefit – the same benefit for a new store they would have 5 years ago as there is a bit more cannibalization in some of the stores, built it’s built into our models. And the second thing is the average size of the store at this point. The volumes of the stores are not at the chain average, so you don’t get the same benefit on a per store basis that you would as with the chain average. Other than that, before well profits over time get to be similar for similar volume stores, the one caveat is you are paying obviously current market rents versus the benefit we get of the old rents. So – but the actual performance is similar in stores in terms of the ramp-up of the comp sales over the first 5 years. Again, the only difference would be the volume based differences.
Ernie Herrman: So Bob unfortunately, we do not give specific category performance information out there publicly. So we like to keep that stuff in-house so to speak.
Ernie Herrman: So, Lorraine, I would just jump in also as we are talking about margins and Scott, I think would reiterate this that the merchandise margin, Scott, has been very healthy.
Ernie Herrman: Right. And so you combine that with obviously the sales, which we are absolutely thrilled with and the way our new stores are performing, we have already opened 40 stores so far this year. And as we mentioned on track to be close to 100 all-in, I think some of these expense issues are shorter term and we are excited about where we are headed with the profits with HomeGoods expansion here and the sales obviously being the number one driver.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Oliver, I guess I will start here and Scott can jump in. First of all, on speed, we have talked about this at actually some of our meetings. We have over the last I’d say 5 to 10 years really made great progress literally all across the supply chain from the time the buyers writing the purchase order in our logistics era how quickly we move the freight to processing and our distribution centers to the outbound freight to the stores and then we turn the goods around even faster in our backrooms to get them on the selling floor and that applies to every single division that’s from Europe to domestically in the U.S. Marmaxx, HomeGoods, Canada, our strong concerted effort, so that we have been able to really chop off, I would say, a couple of weeks of turnaround time from the time we write the orders with the vendors to the time it hits the stores. That has yielded – it has yielded in an off-price business the ability for our merchants to buy good later and more current with more knowledge, but even at the peak selling times where we would have had a window close on us and the ability to buy goods. So, at Christmas, for example, we are able to buy a couple of weeks later towards Christmas than we ever had before over the last handful of years. So that’s something the teams are always looking at and we don’t go public with what next iterations can allow us to tweak and improve it even further, but we are consistently on that mission. Again, it isn’t always – it’s not always the production of the goods, supply chain sometimes it’s in the stores how we handle the goods and get them on the floor. The field has done a great job on that as well. Inventory management has obviously been a big push for us for a long time now, probably last 10 or 15 years in terms of how lean and how we like to turn, we have gotten on markdown rates in extremely healthy positions not sure actually how much level we want those to go, because you want to make sure you are always taking the markdowns aggressively and driving top line and driving market share, which has been a key focus of ours for numerous years now and continues to be as to what we have talked about with the average retail discussion earlier, we don’t want to give up on gaining market share. So, our inventory management I think you will see us tweaking it by division. I think our planning and allocation systems and talent we have there gets the talent level that we bring in and that organization continues to improve and we are looking at always improving best practices there, but I don’t see that as a substantial move over the next few years, I see it as a tweak in terms of improving on our inventory management.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So we are continuing to intensify our investment there. If you look at we launched our HomeGoods app back a while ago and we are in the process now looking at additional apps within the business. If you look tjmaxx.com as well as SDP, we are doing more and more business off our mobile sites. But we are – we have a concerted effort to look at more and more marketing off of our mobile devices and digital. So our digital spend in marketing is by far the biggest increase over the last few years as we downplayed other media spend, probably because we are getting – we are trying to get to the younger costumers. And actually, it’s not just an age group situation because a lot of us, myself included use your phones and use your laptops significantly more than ever in the past. But we aren’t at the stage of some of the retails that obviously have their apps for purchasing in the store. We are not there yet, but I think we are making in roads.
Ernie Herrman: So we have and Lindsay I think some of that is because of all of the dynamics. Even if you look at I think you are mentioning of a Macy’s close or something, some of that has been we have had comps in a lot of those markets even before the closure. So we see some ups and downs even when – even when other off-pricers go in or off-pricers or other retailers go out, it’s been really tough to see any noticeable trend.
Ernie Herrman: Some of it might have to do with the distances people travel etcetera. So, what happens is there is so many store closures like in the U.S. over the last 2 years that there is so much noise that’s tough for our guys to analyze on a pickup. Obviously, our businesses have been good. So, we must be getting market share. We just don’t know exactly is it coming from which specific retailer probably a little bit from everybody.
Ernie Herrman: So, what I would say is absolutely Lindsay first quarter it hurt us the weather at that time period, you can feel the iterations in the weather, but overall at least for us in the quarter, I think the weather ended up being pretty neutral.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Omar, we have been seeing more of our newer customers at younger ages. So, we have – by the way we have been consciously going there. Our media spend on digital media formats is way off as we have taken down other forms of marketing as well as if you look at the areas in our business that we have gone after, they are oriented towards younger demos. So, we have actually – we have not been experiencing that I think for some other brick-and-mortar formats without getting into it I could picture falling into more of a challenge there. But we strategically go after this discussion that you just brought up all the time. We are talking about all the time. I would tell you our person who is in charge of marketing is always on that mission to reach out to the younger demos, because for our future that’s important. I think in my prepared remarks actually, I brought that up as how we were bring in more younger customers.
Ernie Herrman: It’s a great question, Omar, because we actually anecdotally we want to go after that customer base for the future. And one of the feedbacks that we get about our stores now was it’s like an entertaining type of experience in the treasure hunt and it’s become more of a cool place to shop is why I believe we are having success going for the younger customer and believe me, we are going to keep that as a focus going forward because we want to remain an entertaining treasure hunt type shopping experience to appeal to that customer, which by the way tends to like many of us have a shorter attention as we have all talked about whether you are watching multiple media formats, watching TV, watching your phone at the same time, that our format of shopping appeals to that person, because it allows them again entertainment form of shopping experience.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Just, Omar, the only other thing is that we are trying to integrate as much as we can. Our marketing message in terms of integrating to make sure they understand or multi-channel shopping opportunity they have particularly at TJ Maxx. So I think again and as Ernie said a lot of it goes back to the brands and fashions being more on point for the younger customers in the last few years. So that’s it. Thank you very much.
Ernie Herrman: Alright. Thank you all for joining us today. I look forward to updating you on our third quarter earnings call in November. Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie and good morning everyone. To reiterate, we are very pleased with the strength and consistency of our comp increases and traffic gains. Again, consolidated comparable store sales increased 3% over a 4% increase last year and were above the high-end of our plan. Further, customer traffic was the primary driver of our comp increases at each of our four major divisions. As a reminder, our comp growth excludes our e-commerce businesses. Diluted earnings per share were at $0.85 and also above the high end of our plan. The combination of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange negatively impacted EPS growth by 8% versus our expectation of a 4% negative impact. Also wage increases negatively impacted EPS growth by 2% as anticipated. The change in accounting rules for share based compensation was slightly favorable to EPS. We were very pleased that our merchandise margin once again increased in the second quarter. At the end of the second quarter consolidated inventories on a per store basis including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in transit and e-commerce inventories were down 6% on a constant currency basis. We are very pleased with our lean inventory position and our liquidity and are setup very well to flow fresh merchandise to our stores throughout the back half of the year. Now to recap our second quarter performance by division, Marmaxx comps were up 2% versus a 4% increase last year. Segment profit margin decreased 50 basis points and merchandise margins remained healthy. Segment profit margin decreased primarily due to additional supply chain costs as a result of flowing more units at a lower average ticket and a negative impact from wage increases as expected as well as expense de-leverage on the 2% comp. We remain confident in our full year outlook for Marmaxx and have many initiatives planned for the back half of the year to drive traffic and sales at our largest division. HomeGoods delivered another excellent quarter of comp growth with a 7% increase over last year’s 5% increase. Segment profit margin was down 80 basis points primarily due to a decline in merchandise margin. This was driven by increased freight costs which were largely a result of our new distribution center. Importantly mark-down and mark-on in total were favorable. As we anticipated increased costs associated with opening more stores including our new HomeSense concept and wage increases also had a negative impact on HomeGoods margin. These headwinds were partially offset by expense leverage due to HomeGoods’ strong comp sales. We are thrilled with our consistent comp increases and traffic gains at this division. TJX Canada comps increased a strong 7% over last year’s 9% increase. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up 180 basis points. This was primarily due to strong merchandise margins which benefited significantly due to the year-over-year increase in the Canadian dollar as expected. We are very pleased that all three of our Canadian chains delivered great results again this quarter. TJX International comps increased 1% in the second quarter. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up 60 basis points. This was due to a very strong increase in merchandise margin despite significant headwinds from the year-over-year decline in the British pound. This is a testament to our off-price model, our opportunistic and disciplined buying and our flexibility to adjust to a challenging retail environment. TJX’s international strong merchandise margin increase was partially offset by supply chain costs and wage increases as expected as well as expense de-leverage on the one comp. In Europe while sales were not as strong as we would have liked, we continue to believe we are performing better than most major European retailers. Further we are happy with the product availability we are seeing for brands in this environment. In Australia TK Maxx once again delivered very strong sales results as our values and brands continue to resonate with the Australian customer. I will finish with our shareholder distributions. During the second quarter we bought back $550 million of TJX stock retiring 7.5 million shares. We now anticipate in buying back 1.5 billion to 1.8 billion of TJX stock this year. Further through our dividend program, we returned $201 million to shareholders in the second quarter representing a 20% increase over last year’s per share dividend. Now let me turn the call back to Ernie and I will recap our third quarter and full year fiscal ‘18 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, this is Scott. In terms of the overall pressures, you are right among the ticking up. We did say that. And again just to be clear, no new news here. We said it would tick up at the beginning of the year and tick up when we gave our initial guidance based on the 5% EPS growth that was given at that time. So, no news there. In terms of the fundamentals of the business, I think that from the external factors, the major thing would be the wage moderation going in terms of that is moderating a bit, a little bit lumpiness in the supply chain. In terms of other factors, one of the biggest thing that’s been weighing at least for the last couple of years is the average retail. And I think Ernie will address that in a moment. So, that has been a major factor. And other than that, no news to report, but we have alluded, we are always working on ways to increase efficiencies within the business, whether it’s in the supply chain stores and generally, we will talk about that more at the year end, but certainly we are working on things, but nothing that we would at this point go through in anymore detail I will probably talk about that more at year end. So, I think the major things that are slowing down are the wage and the average retail, but I will let Ernie talk a bit more about that.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I mean, in terms of the gross profit particularly the third quarter, we see merchandise margin continue. We have been outperforming our merchandise margin plans as we have moved through the first and second quarter compared to original plan right now. We have a flattish merchandise margin. So, the gross profit margin, the de-leverage there is essentially due to the same thing we have seen most of the year and that’s just supply chain costs in the DC is a little benefit of hedge offsetting that. So in terms of we still see a strong merchandise margin in the back half with some de-leverage due to supply chain, nothing really changed there.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, sometimes the big difference here between the reported margin and the ex-FX, we were up 60 basis points, we were up significantly in our merchandise margin despite actually being negatively hedged going into the quarter. And just as a reminder, the pound dropped significantly after Brexit last year. So, the hedge rates were unfavorable, but the buying opportunity which I think Ernie was alluded to was just really opened up for us.
Scott Goldenberg: We didn’t give it to the quarter, but it was 20 basis points to the year. So, we haven’t – we didn’t detail that out.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Thank you, Lorraine. Good question, a bit nuance, obviously when you are looking at the first quarter performance, I am assuming you are referring to the – we had a three comp in the first quarter and we are down 10 basis points versus the down 80 basis points on the 7% comp this year. Both quarters were impacted by some of the supply chain and wage pressure, so no new difference in the base, but we did have more freight costs, significantly more freight costs this quarter in HomeGoods, primarily due to some additional West Coast sourcing and product mix differences that were significantly different than the first quarter. The other thing is with us opening up 20 more stores in the second quarter, 23 versus three last year and 50 stores in the third quarter. We had a bit more pressure for both on the margins and with the pre-opening costs in the second quarter versus the first quarter. Also with – as Ernie talked about HomeSense, we have the HomeSense opening and the related costs not just to the store, but obviously organizationally and otherwise that we had. And then there was some timing of expenses more to do what happened last year versus this year causing some just I would call timing of differences between the second quarter and third quarter. Going forward, most of the pressure we didn’t go detail by division obviously. We gave the full year guidance on HomeGoods, but most of the pressure going forward is related to the supply chain and the wage pressures and always to be determined on what will happen with where the goods are sourced.
Scott Goldenberg: So, excluding the freight, which obviously is included a piece of that in, but excluding that the markdown and mark-on were actually favorable in total.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think a bit in terms of this quarter being somewhat similar the major at Marmaxx you would – in a world where merchandise margins were flat you had no wage pressure or supply chain pressure, you need approximately a three comp to be flat. Clearly, we have had both wage pressure and some average retail pressure. The average wage pressure obviously going down so there will be a little less pressure on the P&L going forward, average retail, Ernie early talked about earlier, so you would clearly need a bit more than a three comp at this point to hold your margins flat given that we still have some wage and some supply chain pressure due to the average retail. But the plans have been put, so I think that answers your question.
Scott Goldenberg: Again, I think we will talk about more year end where there are certain things that we are going to trying to do, but nothing that we would talk about at this point in time.
Scott Goldenberg: Maybe another way as well, I mean certainly in terms of with the department store, the department stores share in both brick, their total sales are – they have certainly the brick-and-mortar sales have been going down for quite some time. So, there is some change with the store closings, but overall this is the bigger change is still in place. So, again, nothing that’s noticeable to us when we are looking at the results.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So at all of our major divisions, our percent of new customers has skewed towards the younger customers in the 18 to 34 age group. And in most cases, we are actually over-indexing in that group versus the actual age of the overall age of the population whether you are in U.S., Canada etcetera. That’s been something that we have been tracking and doing it and has been happening for number of years.
