ScottGoldenberg: I guess, I'll try to - I know there was like 5 or 6 questions, but I'll try to get to the first few of the gross profit. The gross profit performance in the fourth quarter, which was up 40 basis points versus last year was due to strong merchandise margin, which was up substantially, which was primarily due to better buying. As you would expect lower markdowns on the strong sales and less freight. Part of that was due to some, as we call that are in our earlier calls that even around the fourth quarter as we move from the third to the fourth. We would be renegotiating some of our rates that did happen, rates did go down less - we came in better than we expected. We also had some mitigation strategies in place such as trail utilization, other things. So our expense opportunities for good and we saw some freight. We had the same I would say continued pressure from supply chain. So overall, it was primarily driven by strong merchandise margins in the fourth quarter. In terms of, I think your second quarter was about Q1 gross margin. It's unfavorable '20. Again, this is probably pretty much the similar sort for the full year and the first quarter. Merchandise margin is essentially flat, up slightly on ex-FX basis. So we have better buying but then we're off - it's being offset by the continued supply chain pressures which are pretty similar for last year. We do have a - if someone asked about tariffs and like. We have a little bit more tariff pressure. Although tariff were less in the fourth quarter than what we originally thought, because they took the government dropped some of the tariff on the list for the items. We are still cycling the tariffs, which are a little more first half weighted as many of them were not implemented into the back half of the year. So I would say merchandise margin better buying offset by the supply chain pressures, which is a bit similar to our full year story. The only thing I would note is on the first - we're a little more first half weighted and first quarter weighted a little more of the supply chain pressure due to our ticket being down a bit more in the first half of the year. At the moment from what we see than we expect in the second half. And I'll let Ernie jump-in on the second.
ScottGoldenberg: We have slightly less freight, you know, built in as a deleverage next year versus this year. I think that was not a significant difference, but a continued to improvement.
ScottGoldenberg: Yes, I mean, in terms of just I think, Europe, given the strength of their comps all year was certainly a poster child of the consistency we've been - we've talked about this but consistency of their sales inside London, outside London throughout the UK, Scotland, also incredible consistency around the overall 10 comp and a 8 comp for the year in the rest of Europe. I'd like to particularly call out Poland was extremely above plan and above the overall average. And that's despite, even having less opening days on Sundays. But again, I think it's the - as Ernie said it's about the allocation process has been great. Obviously, the brands that they're getting the customer satisfaction scores, had been up in Europe and also in our domestic divisions, which certainly means, we're doing a good job. And again, it goes back to the other thing Ernie mentioned the e-commerce in Europe, where we have a bigger penetration of our ecommerce sales. We are very pleased to see that the ecommerce sales were strong and the comp stores in the stores are also both were working in tandem. So I think that's another real positive.
ScottGoldenberg: Yes and just one other thing. I mean, it goes back to the market share, but also taking, with some of, obviously Ernie called that the number of store closings, there's been. We - call it all our real estate teams, not just in Europe, but everywhere, where clearly, we think we've been improving and positioning our stores whether it's in relocations and or opening new stores. And our new store performance across the board and in Europe has been particularly good.
ScottGoldenberg: Yes. I'll try to hit out. It's a bit of a difference. If you look, just explain fourth quarter for international and full year, again, extremely pleased with the 10 comp. And you would, you might ask infer why did we not leverage better. The underlying merchandise margin excluding the FX was favorable, but unfortunately the fourth quarter we had 70 basis - approximately 70 basis of excess FX pressure. So that was one of the major drivers of why at least for the fourth quarter and actually hurt us all last year was some mark on pressure. Again that answer I gave you on the capitalized inventory they - with the strong comps they capitalized less expensive. So again was a more of a timing difference. So, overall as you would have expected we would have been up extremely in a very high double digits if not more in Europe if not for those two items. Last year when we guided - this year we're guiding up Europe 20 basis points. Last year when we guided and we beat that. And substantially we guided down 80. Again we are up primarily due to the mark FX, impact on mark on this year; we have less pressure on FX, pretty similar expense pressures from FX from store etcetera. And so I think that's why we're planning our guidance or our guidance is favorable, extremely favorable this year than what we went out for last year. So, that's not much more to add there.
ScottGoldenberg: Thanks Lorraine. So answer it two different ways. Obviously, we have a 6% EPS growth at the high end, which is similar to last year's 6%. We are down 20 to 40 basis points, which is less than last year on the same comp growth of 2% to 3%. So what that implies or what’s built into our guidance is stronger or better operational growth this year due to higher merchandise margin, as were planned up this year versus last year at this point in time. Our plans were, we had it, merchandise margin plan down. Part of that is due to your point on freight. Last year, we had less of a headwind from freight, but we also had some better mark on or better buying built into our plans. This year - we do have a small tower of hand witness here, but I wouldn't say that and FX offset each other. So overall better merchandise margin, better buying with less headwind from freight. The operational growth. So you'd say okay, our supply chain and other costs are about - we're saying are similar and offsetting each other, similar last year. But due to the stock growth that we had last year and doing a buyback in the same range of the 1.75 to 2.25. We have a lower benefit of our buyback of almost approximately 1 full percent. So higher operational growth, lower buyback hands while we have a similar 6% EPS growth on the 2 to 3 comp. Our supply chain. We continue to open up stores. We have a distribution center that opened last year in the second half of the year at San Antonio. For our Marmaxx chain we're opening up a HomeGoods, DCM Lewistown, and Ohio in the back half of next year. Hence, the supply chain pressure is relatively similar to last year. All the other things, all the other ones tend to balance out. So say it another way our headwinds - slightly less headwinds, that we're planning this year because of freight but being offset by a lower benefit from the share buyback.
ScottGoldenberg: So to answer of your first question, it again goes back to the answer where the fourth quarter flow through was 20 basis points, I'd say 15 basis points on the camp is probably a reasonable number. But this quarter we had, as again, we had the confluence of the timing of how the incentive accruals came in. We had the foundation. We had some unplanned, legal expenses and then the capitalized expenses related to the inventory. So again, along with saying some of those were obviously - almost everything there was unplanned, some of those would have flown through better in typical times and some of them were in essence are discretion in terms of foundation. And then there were some unplanned expenses. So I think, normal basis, it is still - I think it is still a good metric. This quarter was a couple of different items that caused it. And really more of the timing that it came in the fourth quarter versus one of the first 3 quarters. In terms of HomeGoods. The question on the overall margin. Well, first of all, again, the thing I'd focus on this year from up - again, we certainly love the way we ended the year in terms of significantly beating in our fourth quarter. As we - this year's guidance down 70 is substantially 50 basis points better than what we guided to last year. And two pieces of that, these new store investments are down a bit, but unfortunately this being offset due to the timing of the way to distribution centers opening at Lewistown. That the overall headwinds are a pretty similar, but merchandise margin is flat this year despite still having freight pressures. But certainly less freight pressures than what we have seen in the past. So I'd say the 2 pieces are slight improvement in the store deleverage, from the new stores and also stronger merchandise margin as freight has been monitoring. So those are the 2 big benefits versus last year. But I think the ability to flow through and outperform on and above plan comp is equal or better at HomeGoods as it is probably at any chain.
ScottGoldenberg: We're planning 2 to 3 comp. And if you're saying would we hope the beat it. I think, as Ernie said, we strive to beat it. And we'd hope to flow through 10 to 20 basis points, certainly on a 4 comp, if that's what was, if that was to happen. So, yes, I mean, that's - but I'm not saying that's our goal, our goal - what our go forward model is, I'd say if we beat it that if we do run a 4 comp, that's what would our goal would be.
ErnieHerrman: So Paul on the HomeGoods question. Great question. We did have execution issues there. I have to say that the fourth quarter, the 5 comp on top of the last year 5, truly exceeded our expectations. We were hoping to, as we have talked about earlier in the last couple of calls, hoping to have some incremental progress over the prior trend. And we were pleasantly surprised to be able to run such a strong comp on top of the 5. I would tell you that we made great progress in some of the execution areas in terms of really fixing a lot of the imbalancing, a lot of the execution challenges. However, I'd say we still have a little bit of work to do there. And so we have not totally fixed them. Part of what happened is we got some, I think additional business drivers out of other areas of the store to a greater degree, as well as a great progress on fixing those areas at the same time, which led to this above plan or expectation performance. So I couldn't - I have to tell you, I'm very proud of that team for regrouping and the whole HomeGoods team. I think from the merchants to really the planning and allocation area in terms of the way they flow the goods was also a place where I think they just did a sensational job on coming back. And if you think about the Q4 business of which HomeGoods obviously has a strong Q4 business being home related and gift giving related. The way our planning and allocation teams across the entire Corporation. I know you asked about HomeGoods. But I would tell you a similar dynamic happens at every division, which is one reason our fourth quarter was so strong as our planning allocation teams and each of the four major divisions I think just did a fantastic job all around that that really helped propel our fourth quarter in addition to obviously, it was key at HomeGoods. Great question.
ErnieHerrman: Sure. Alex, obviously you're asking a question near and dear to my heart and to this team in terms of what are the opportunities strategically. How do we look at this as we continue to go forward? I would tell you that one of the opportunities - if you're asking about domestic home apparel also in part of your question was International. Clearly one of the dynamics happening here on our market share gain is there's been and continues to be a fair amount of store closures of brick and mortar store closures in every geography that we're in. And there seems to be continuous - it's been steady over the last couple of years. And if you look at even year to date that continues. So obviously we do a lot of analysis at looking at a high level in terms of overlapping categories. So just like you mentioned, home or apparel. When we look at what's happening with store closures or what's happening with the market share slicing at the pie, we look at the categories that we're in which are home and apparel, accessories, any categories that overlap. And then we say what's our opportunity at the retail level based on the market share vacated by those stores that closed. And then we look at our - the same time our great relationships with vendors and all the different availability that's been around everywhere. For the last couple quarters as you know, we've been talking about all the different categories and vendors that have had availability and all the different levels that are from good level vendors, to better to best level vendors. And that would apply to Europe, Canada, U.S. and it applies to actually go home areas and apparel areas. And so when we look going out at market share opportunities, we just feel like it's right for the picking. And our business model and our emphasis on brands and quality at a price is what we ensure that our buyers are always focused on. So we continue to add to the buying team to ensure that we don't run out of all the additional vendors that we open and that we're always opening new vendors, which creates more availability, but it creates more treasure hunt shopping experience. So at the end of the day, to your question, why do we think we can seek any market share is we're going to keep having more exciting treasure hunt, experienced stores with more vendors, more categories and more changing mixes as we continue to move forward, which I not throwing a lot out there, which is really one of our advantages is we're creating this entertainment experience, which you didn't asked that in your question, but that is one of our key differentiators that is allowing our brick and mortar business to be really a different type of brick and mortar business than what the other retailers are delivering. So hopefully that - that's probably more than what you asked for. But I think that answered your question.
ErnieHerrman: I'll start, Matt. So I think internationally one of the things driving, yes, we've had more better brands within our mix, and we continue to add the team in Europe and in Canada. They have really gone after more fashion and better brands. And fortunately, the availability has been there but at the same time, you're planting seeds for the future, because now we've created these strong relationships with these vendors who want to have the continuity of the business with us. And at the same time with the economy being the way it is on these geographies, I guess we're a little lucky in that value. Our business is off price value. And value is so critical to those tough environments. So you can see there when you look at the results of even the online results have been stellar and their brick and mortar results, Scott is always showing me analyses which show we're picking up hundreds of basis points of market share in Europe. I'm actually underplaying that. And I really believe that nobody else is doing branded value like we are in those markets. We've always had a high penetration in Canada, but our penetration in Europe right now in the markets we're in as you know, from a comp like we just delivered. And forget the fourth quarter. Again, I'm proud of that team all year along and how the European team is executed. And it's really all about the value, nobody else - no other retailers there whether online or brick and mortars delivering branded value. There are some retailers, I won't say their names, but they're delivering more private label price pointed goods. But nobody else is delivering through better brands that have value. And that's why I think the - that's where the inflection is and where the opportunity continues to be.
ErnieHerrman: One other, Matthew, one other development, not development, dynamic going on. I mentioned the flow of our planning, managed by our planning allocation is across the divisions but in Europe as well as the other divisions, we are becoming as witnessed, I think by our healthy fourth quarter performances over a number of years, we’re becoming a more gift giving destination clearly for a lot of consumers. And what once maybe wasn't as cool to give a TK Maxx or TJ Maxx or Marshalls bag has now become very cool. And which lines up with our younger customer base that we've been going after over the last five or 10 years. So I think we have that that's another inflection that I think is helping us as our gift giving initiatives.
ErnieHerrman: So right now I would have to tell you that really to us, our most important focus there is the humanitarian one. And we're really thinking about our associates, the health of them and the people around the world. We have no stores in China or the other countries that have, as we said, been significantly impacted as of today. We have global buying officers and buyers who are traveling. Our first priority is their wellbeing. But it's really too early for us to summarize anything bad could happen down the road. We're just more upset by all of the really sad stories that are happening around the globe. And so it's kind of what we said in the script.
ErnieHerrman: Kate, great question. This is a bit of a nuanced one that between answering your question on how it impacted the fourth quarter versus the full year, not all of the same things apply. Obviously, we're very pleased with our overall flow through on the beat of 30 basis points and 5 pennies. And yes, it would have been stronger. The strong operational performance caused us to have a few bit more expenses, more than at times we would normally flow through. Because of the strong performance versus our both our, our plans and our guidance our incentive accruals were higher but also absorbed more in the fourth quarter than what would normally have been spread throughout the year if our performance had been equal versus - beat versus plan across the board. So we were truing up a lot in the fourth quarter. Overall, I would tell you the incentive accruals and all that were similar collapsed year and our plans are similar next year versus this year. So a bit of that was just the timing and what you had to account for. Our supply chain pressure and store wage came in as expected. So that was not an issue. A kind of ironic, not ironic, but the way the accounting works is that, due to the extremely strong sales over plan, our inventories came in a lot less than our plan. So a kind of a dynamic, you don't see it to this point where we capitalized a bit less expense than we wouldn't norm normally have as the inventories came in lower. So again more, I would call that more of a timing issue. So again, a bit more than what you'd normally would've seen. And again, as we tend to do when we sometimes have extremely strong performance, we made a contribution to our foundation. So that's not something that would be necessarily a first quarter, second quarter impact. But in this case at the end of the year we did make one. And we had some unplanned legal expenses. But I would not expect to be, you know any at this point, any notes as we move through next year. So again, overall very pleased with the flow through.
ErnieHerrman: Great questions, Omar. Actually our sales guidance is similar to last year. We were at the two to three last year as well. So that's pretty much apples to apples. And I would say that given our EPS guidance, you realize we've talked about this before. Our intention always is to surpass those goals. So, we believe in trying to stay prudent and conservative in our plans. And believe me, every member of the team from the executive team all the way through the organization, whether it's - it doesn't matter which division you go to, everybody is moving towards surpassing those goals. And that their goals are to surpass the goal. So, we just believe this is in this environment, the right way to plan the business for a number of reasons.
ErnieHerrman: Sure. And yes, we have talked about that before. It's kind of a neat, dynamic from two perspectives, which is the opportunity - first of all, I think we've talked about this that e-com is providing a bit more for us now about validation of our values, whether it's the vertical brands being online or other non-vertical brands, because the consumer can see clearly what the value is there and that we have much better value in our stores. But more importantly, and I think this is what you're getting at in terms of the opportunities of availability at different levels of product because the good news is the ecommerce business across the board has just has a plethora of sub-money brands across all different levels in all categories. Everyone's gone into e-com, which is great. And but with that yields is more availability. And I think over the last three or four years that has been a plus to us in terms of availability that wouldn't necessarily have been in some of these categories before with some of those brands. Very difficult. And I think this is what we talked about in a little bit of what I think you're getting at difficult with those retailers to forecast accurately. The young businesses, the amount of units they should buy in an item or a category is a little more volatile than if you are brick and mortar with many years of history. And so that by its nature has been an added, I guess, like you started off with your question of added better opportunities. And that by the way, that is creating these additional, better branded opportunities across every geography, specifically in Europe and in the US. That's really where we've seen a lot of the e-com of, the byproduct of that coming from e-com business. Great question. And yes, we stated by the way, and that we are continuing to see that as, we move here into the first quarter.
ErnieHerrman: Michael, I would jump in and echo what Scott just said as far as our objective there just like any. And we have a healthy comp plan there. But the team has made improvements on some of those execution issues. And as I mentioned what happened in the fourth quarter or some of their other businesses. They are really having strong success - there any division, that division also is in a mindset to try to outperform their plans. So that is definitely the attitude.
ErnieHerrman: Kimberly, great question. And it goes back to I believe, if you go back to not the third quarter call, it would have been the second quarter call. And we talked a bit about some of the not good execution we were having in some of the key categories there. One of the things we try to do and almost every family business has a balanced mix. And so at that first half of the year, we were getting hurt in some of the categories where we were not giving the wide assortment balanced mix in a way. And I really don't want to give what categories they were. But in a way that would have driven the sales and some of those areas were rather large in terms of the impact on HomeGoods. And as we got into third quarter, those areas started to get better. We had a little bit of improvement in the third quarter, if you remember, and to your point that we had major improvement now in the fourth quarter. And as I said before, it was a combination of really making; I would say 75% to 80% fixing the execution issues. But really, as I mentioned earlier, a lot of other categories. We found, the buyers found great opportunities to drive additional sales over what we were even hoping we were going to do. So you had bought, a chunk of the store that was really just outperforming any other trend that they were doing in the first part, which really comes back to execution. I would tell you that our field in addition to the planning allocation area there which flow the goods, 6 less selling days. Okay six less selling days and these guys managed to - as did Marmaxx, as did every division, six less selling days and we have this 6 comp on top of the 4 comp. So, I'm very proud of the team. The Marmaxx guys great also on their flow through. But specifically to your question that went after great gift giving and every division, I would say the other acceleration as I've talked about before the gift giving by our marketing teams have really supported the divisions across the board in terms of yes, you have to have the right goods. Yes, the stores the field organization in HomeGoods was incremental and as well as at the Marmaxx but the marketing teams also there. We really liked our creative on our tribe branding for holiday on the holiday campaign which I think we've gotten great feedback from across the board, HomeGoods was part of that. So, really, we were fortunate, Kimberly in that we had kind of had all Saunders [ph] hit. And I have to tell you we did not Scott and I did not we were pleasantly surprised. We were not thinking we would get to a five. We knew we were getting incremental progress from where we were. But we're very happy with what that team did. Hopefully that answered your question.
