Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. So, let me begin by saying that I am extremely pleased with our second quarter results. Adjusted earnings per share increased 14%, which was above our expectations and over an 18% increase last year. Consolidated comp store sales grew 3% at the high end of our plans and over 4% increase last year. We were delighted to see both sales and customer traffic gain momentum throughout the quarter with positive traffic in July. This is the beauty of our flexible business model despite a highly promotional retail environment in the second quarter and strong comparisons to last year. We drove strong sales and EPS increases and solid merchandise margins. Further, we accomplished this while continuing to invest in e-com, our infrastructure and organization to support our growth and has always delivered extreme values to our customers. Over 37-year history, we have sustained steady sales and earnings growth through many types of economic retail and consumer environments. This includes 22 consecutive quarters of consolidated comp store sales increases. With our strong second quarter performance, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance which Scott will take you through in a moment. The third quarter is off to a solid start and we have many exciting initiatives planned for the back half of the year. We remain confident, we will achieve our plans for 2014 and beyond, and as always, we will strive to beat them. As we approach $30 billion in annual sales, we are convinced that there are still tremendous opportunities. Today, I want to share with you our pillars of growth. I will also discuss the key advantages that we believe differentiate TJX in the retail industry and position us so well to pursue our U.S. and international growth plans. So, before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap some of the numbers.
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean, I think you got to take it center by center in terms of are we the ones that are driving the traffic to the center. We think – we look at our traffic. We have done a lot of things in terms of marketing, a lot of initiatives that I think we are starting to see the fruits of our labor. And I think we have a lot of initiatives going forward that are going to drive traffic. So, in terms of real estate, we are going to always look at the best deal, the best shopping center, the best situation. So, we are feeling very positive about the second quarter and month by month. So, we are just going to keep driving our traffic as hard as we can.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, it’s very small. And I think I have to put e-commerce in perspective, because we are close to a $30 billion business and our e-commerce is a little bit more than 1% of our business. So, we really look at it as defensive and offensive to really drive traffic to both brick-and-mortar and give our customers the convenience of being able to shop us. So, we will continue to invest in it. We are very pleased our average order value in our tjmaxx.com is very high. It’s actually over $100, which is very exciting. What’s even more exciting is an opportunity to offer the runway to over 900 stores that don’t have the runway. So, we are going to continue investing. We love Sierra. We are learning a lot, but we are going to do it slow, because we do want to make money.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, to the back half on pretty much gross margin and merchandise margins, they are planned up. Our gift giving, every single year, we look at it and we try to I will say raise the bar in terms of the value. We have learned a lot from each year. And this year we have some exciting things that we are doing in our stores that are going to be very different than a year ago and pretty exciting. We also have a whole new marketing campaign, that’s both Ernie and I love. So, we have a lot of initiatives going on. We had a pretty strong December last year. We think we can again up our game and we are really looking forward to the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. So, we have been working on our planning and allocation systems. And probably one of the first things that we are focusing on is to be able to expand countries. So, we are looking at that and we are continuing to build as we have talked about it being able to deliver the right goods to the right store at the right time. So, we are excited about that. Primarily, we are looking at these as sales drivers. And obviously if we drive sales and we bring fresh, more freshness more frequently to stores, it may mitigate markdowns, but that remains to be seen. We are keeping our inventories probably by the end of the year pretty much flat to LY.
Carol Meyrowitz: It’s actually higher than on our returns, so we are kind of thrilled about that. It’s still early in the game and we are really looking at measuring and putting our stats together, but we are definitely seeing that the customers coming back to the stores and buying. We haven’t quite measured it yet, but I think we are feeling pretty positive about it.
Carol Meyrowitz: So we are planning pretty much flat the dollars, but our impressions are going to be up. And we are leveraging our tri-branding and we are pretty excited about that. And as always we will go through the third quarter and reevaluate the fourth quarter where we want to go. But more importantly, some of the initiatives that we started in the second quarter, such as our TJX Reward card and adding Sierra Trading and our loyalty we think some of that will start to set in even stronger in the back half. So again, we really like our marketing plan for the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, it’s too early to really analyze the customer online versus our stores. Our job is just to gain customers. We have talked about gaining younger customers, which we have been doing, but it’s really across the board, because we have such a wide demographic. I just think it’s a big opportunity and to teach them about values and also price.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it’s across the board, because the percentages are so high in terms of the opportunity, but we are focused on the younger customer.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think honestly we just added Phoenix, which is huge for Marmaxx and we are in our plans as the HomeGoods DC, so that should set us up for quite a while. So, we don’t see any huge, huge expenses in the future, probably for at least I would say two to three years.
Carol Meyrowitz: In terms of formats, Roxanne we go for the best deal. If it makes sense for us we do it. If it’s a larger format, we go for it, a smaller format, we are always looking for real estate opportunities and are we heading to all the A malls? No, we are not, but we see again the flexibility and the variety that we can deal with is really an advantage for us.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, I mean, first of all I am going to answer the HomeGoods question, because our business across the board in HomeGoods is really absolutely sensational. So, whether it’s big ticket or small ticket and I can’t answer the Penney question, because we didn’t see deterioration – we didn’t see the increase when Penney’s business was tough and vice-versa. So, we don’t see that as an impact. Marmaxx, we plan our margins pretty flat to slightly up. They did a fantastic job this quarter with a slight increase in the brick-and-mortar business, which I think is sensational. And as I said, as we deliver more often and we do get our systems in. Hopefully, we will reap some additional benefits from that, but I think it’s prudent for us to just plan conservatively and beat our plans. So, that’s the way we are looking at the future.
Carol Meyrowitz: So Patrick, we probably won’t rollout the runway to too many more stores, we will do some. And it’s – we really look at it as a back and forth and the opportunity to get a lot more email addresses and communicate with the customer. So I keep going back to it’s offensive and defensive. And it’s an opportunity to really leverage both and that’s the way we look at it.
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all, I think we have been really analyzing the last several years and we are pretty clear in terms of our – the countries that we know we can move into that we can leverage and we have been working pretty hard on countries beyond that. So I think I will go back to some of the mistakes we made in the past which is something we are not going to do in the future. And the mix in itself and Ernie can talk to that has been so talk about raising the bar on the mix in Europe that we believe today it works in many countries in a very different way than it would years ago. But we are pretty clear on exactly what mix goes into what country in the future.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think John, the other thing is Europe and just in last quarter has opened hundreds of new vendors. So we are even more excited about it because the opportunities are really vast.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. We the traffic in Marmaxx ended up being up in July and pretty much flat across the board, right.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, basically we have positive, the traffic was pretty much across the board by region, pretty much positive from Q1. And the areas that were affected by weather were also in a positive trend. We didn’t see any major differences by the region.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Actually, our accessory business is very strong. Jewelry is exceptional. So those areas are still trending very well for us.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, absolutely not. And if anything it’s positive for us. It means that they are in control of their inventory. That means that the ticket is in good shape. It’s always positive for us. I can say it 100 times and I will say it again we could be $40 billion, we could be $50 billion and there is more goods than we could ever take. Everyday we are having that conversation. The availability is vast and the quality of it is terrific and we don’t see that changing in the back half at all. Yet I think you have to realize when you are dealing with 900 buyers across the globe and the number of vendors, Scott is laughing, because we said 16,000 and the number keeps growing. It’s a quite a job to control all that quite frankly. And that’s what we do best, but we are – there is more goods than we could ever, ever buy.
Carol Meyrowitz: The impressions are pretty much up across the board. And it’s a variety depending on the divisions, some divisions are – they are higher in terms of TV. Others money is being shifted in terms of social. So, it is really pretty much across the board. The impressions are up in the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Now having said that, we will reevaluate it also after the third quarter and if we feel that we need to put more spend to it, we certainly will, but I think we are feeling pretty good about our plans right now.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think the other point is we have a great team focused on Marshalls too and our Marshalls business…
Carol Meyrowitz: We are very pleased with. So, again, Ernie has really built the infrastructure in that team there similar to Europe. So, we will start to leverage that.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it’s a combination of all the above. And I don’t – there aren’t a lot of e-commerce businesses out there that are making a ton of money. And I think we are very happy with Sierra. We are learning. We do want to make money with our e-com business and – but more importantly, I keep coming back to – we want to balance pushing the customer to brick-and-mortar and back. So, we have a lot of plans. It’s early games, it’s early now. I can say it a million times, it’s 1%, a little bit more than 1%, but we feel very good about some of our thoughts going forward and we will keep learning, but we are going to do it carefully.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol and good morning everyone. As Carol mentioned, our second quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 3%, which was at the high end of our plan. Our second quarter comp was driven by an increase in ticket. Customer traffic was essentially flat for the second quarter and positive in July compared to last year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.73 compared with last year’s $0.66. Second quarter earnings per share include a $0.02 extinguishment of debt charge related to their early redemption of the company’s $400 million 4.2% notes due August 2015. Excluding this charge, adjusted earnings per share were $0.75, a 14% increase over last year, which was above the high end of our plan. Foreign exchange had a neutral impact on earnings per share, which is the same as last year’s neutral impact. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12% for the quarter. On an adjusted basis, excluding an approximately 30 basis point impact from the debt extinguishment charge, the consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.3%, up 30 basis points versus last year. Gross profit margin was 28.6%, down 20 basis points versus the prior year. This decrease was primarily due to the negative impact of mark-to-market adjustments on our hedging instruments as well as the impacted e-commerce and merchandise margins. Merchandise margins were flat for the second quarter. For our brick-and-mortar businesses only, merchandise margins were slightly up. In addition, we had some buying and occupancy deleverage in the quarter. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.2%, down 50 basis points versus last year’s ratio largely due to a favorable adjustment to our insurance reserves based on improved claims experience as well as other cost savings. At the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses and excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were flat on a constant currency basis. We begin the third quarter in an excellent inventory position and ready to take advantage of the plentiful buying opportunities in the marketplace. In terms of share repurchases, during the second quarter, we bought back $440 million of TJX stock retiring 8 million shares. Year-to-date, we have retired 14 million shares buying back $800 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion of TJX stock this year. As we announced in June, we completed the sale of $750 million of 2.75% 7-year notes. We took advantage of an attractive marketplace to refinance our $400 million 4.2% notes due 2015 and to use the remainder of the net proceeds for working capital in other general corporate purposes. As a reminder, with our international operations approximately half of our cash remains outside of the U.S. Even with this additional debt, we continue to have a very conservative balance sheet. Further, we remain committed to maintaining our very strong credit ratings and continuing our share buyback and dividend programs. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol. And I will recap our third quarter back half and full year fiscal ‘15 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now, to fiscal ‘15 guidance beginning with the full year, as we noted in our press release today, we are raising our adjusted full year diluted earnings per share guidance. On a reported basis, we expect fiscal ‘15 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.08 to $3.16. On an adjusted basis, excluding the second quarter debt extinguishment charge of $0.02, we now expect earnings per share to be in the range of $3.10 to $3.18 over $2.94 in fiscal ‘14. This reflects our above plan second quarter EPS results. As a reminder, fiscal ‘14 included a tax benefit of $0.11. Excluding this benefit, our guidance for full year adjusted EPS would be 10% to 12% over the prior year’s adjusted $2.83. We continue to expect consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2%. For the year, we expect pre-tax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.2%. On an adjusted basis, excluding the debt extinguishment charge, we continue to expect pre-tax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.3%. This would be down 10 basis points to up 20 basis points versus 12.1% in fiscal ‘14. This reflects expected gross margins of 28.3% to 28.5%, which will be down 20 basis points to flat versus fiscal ‘14. We anticipate SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.1% to 16.2%, a 10 to 20 basis point improvement versus last year. Foreign currency exchange rates are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on full year EPS versus a $0.01 positive impact last year. Let me now discuss the back half guidance. We expect EPS to be in the range of $1.71 to $1.80, excluding the $0.11 benefit – tax benefit in the third quarter of fiscal ‘14, this would be a 10% to 15% increase over last year’s adjusted $1.56. This guidance is based on consolidated comp store sales growth in the range of 1% to 2%. We are planning pre-tax profit margins to be 12.3% to 12.7%, flat to up 40 basis points over last year. This EPS guidance also includes a $0.01 per share positive impact from foreign currency exchange rates versus a $0.01 per share positive impact last year. Now, to third quarter guidance, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.81 to $0.85. Excluding $0.11 tax benefit in the third quarter of fiscal ‘14, this would be an 8% to 13% increase over last year’s adjusted $0.75 per share, which was 21% above the prior year. We are assuming third quarter consolidated sales in the $7.3 billion to $7.5 billion range. This is based on comp sales growth in the 1% to 2% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Third quarter pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 12.4% to 12.8% range, down 20 to up 20 basis points versus the prior year. We are anticipating third quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 29.0% to 29.3%, down 30 basis points to flat versus the prior year. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be 16.4% versus 16.6% last year. Foreign currency rates are expected to have a $0.01 positive impact on EPS this year versus a neutral impact last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 37.7% and net interest expense of about $10 million. We anticipated a weighted average share count of approximately $700 million. Our full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.90 to $0.94 compared to $0.81 last year. This guidance assumes consolidated comp sales growth of 1% to 2%. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the end of the quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions to keep the call on schedule. We are going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. We appreciate your cooperation with this. Thanks. And now we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Paul, well, I will talk about in terms of our SG&A beat to guidance, the adjustment to the insurance service represented the largest factor in the beat, but it wasn’t the majority of the beat to guidance. In addition, Paul we had cost savings that were really spread across multiple areas and divisions with no one item to call out. So it’s really how I would parse that.
Scott Goldenberg: Overall, as there is always there is a bit of rounding and when you are doing rounding to the 10 basis points, so yes the FX was 10 basis points. And the occupancy was some of that, but it’s not a full 10 basis points. It was some of the deleverage to get down to the flat excluding – when you exclude FX and some of the B&O and some of the e-commerce impact on the overall gross margin. So it’s really a combination of the 10 basis points for the FX and other two components we talked about.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. It’s internally – again the merchandise margins at Marmaxx were up slightly when you exclude the e-commerce businesses. And it’s a little bit of both, from both STP and tjmaxx.com in terms of margin pressure.
Scott Goldenberg: No real change there, Robert, in terms of new store performance. All four of our divisions continued to outperform their performance as we have been talking about for the last seven years and – the last several years, so consistently in very big beats as you would expect, as we have been talking about in Europe, HomeGoods is in continued beats and our TJX Canada and Marmaxx businesses, so no change there and these are significant beats to our performance.
Scott Goldenberg: And Michael, I will just add in also when you look at the third quarter – the second quarter versus the third quarter, we are planning it pretty similar on a 2-year and 3-year stack in terms of our comp. So, I think it’s just planning it pretty similar to the way we plan the second quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: And our buying teams are actually we are buying from numerous locations. So we are also in a place now where we are able to create a mix in different markets that will really can fit the mix, we can learn after we go in, but we really have a strong buying organization now supporting the Europe business.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, I think the comps were better than we had anticipated. So, we got some leverage on the three comp. The merchandise margin was better than we had – again we also had than we had planned internally. We have mitigated more than we have thought in terms of the FX impact on the mark-on. So, that was favorable and we had some favorable cost savings and some benefit of some timing of expenses that did benefit us in the second quarter that were planned in the second half, but they are baked into our second half guidance at this point.
Scott Goldenberg: And one other component, I mean, we obviously had the weather impact in sales in the first quarter. They went into the quarter with inventories well-controlled and maintained that.
Scott Goldenberg: Open to buy, they had the good, they had the above – had the good comp and so obviously translated into some markdown savings as well.
Scott Goldenberg: I mean, just to echo a little on what Carol said, I mean, it’s less than one year old, our tjmaxx.com business. And as with any small business, you don’t leverage – yet you are – we are nowhere near leveraging the scale of our buying organizations and the rest of the infrastructure as we grow it. So, we would expect it to get better as we move forward.
Ernie Herrman: No, in the stores. Yes, we are very – Roxanne, we are very clean in the stores, in fact our inventory, well, it’s been lean off season and with given the second quarter with sales picking up, our clearance levels are very under control. No real liabilities there.
Ernie Herrman: And that applies to actually all the countries we have tried different formats, but like Carol said, we are very opportunistic when we do it. So, if there is a site that we think it’s right demos and traffic, even if the layout is not traditional, we will flex them be in the type of building we will do small, large, different configuration. So, we are pretty flexible.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Michael, I think the environment I would say like in the second quarter, it felt a little more promotional I think than last year. And I think the business environment is a little mixed out there. So, we react – our model fortunately is we are buying so close in that we are reacting to whatever the environment is. Certainly, the market continues to have plentiful availability and I guess at the end of the day that’s our biggest hedge against all of that situation. So, we are always watching the environment. It does seem like it could get that way. We are about to enter a third quarter, where I would guess it will be typical to last year, because it’s the beginning of the fall season, so tough to predict, tough to predict, but our model allows us to flex according to whatever happens there.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I think John, we have I think Carol was alluding to this. We have developed the organization over the last couple of years to ensure that the mix is appropriate in each country and we take each market step by step with a lot of analysis before we go there. But the model works in many, many countries as we have shown in Poland and Germany which profitability wise are right there where we need them to be in a relatively short time. So we are feeling very bullish because our organization is in place and we don’t just jump into a country without the amount of research ahead of time. And we are now certainly not doing it without the organization in place to make sure that the mix is appropriate in that country. And I think those are two of the big learnings that we have had of the past and that’s why we feel confident going forward.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think also when the weather was difficult in first quarter that created additional opportunities in the market. So the good thing is our merchants up there kept their liquidity, which is always Carol was talking earlier about how difficult it is to hold back sometimes with so much goods out there, but in Canada, we did do a good job. The team I thought did a great job of taking advantage of market opportunities going to the second quarter. And if you look of the nice thing that we without giving any specifics is we had an uptick in businesses across the board, whether it was apparel or accessories, even our home business. So, again, I think a lot of it was good execution of the opportunities that were in the marketplace, so…
