Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. So let me start by saying it is great to see our significant momentum continue. Again in the third quarter, we delivered record results with earnings per share increasing by 40% on a reported basis. We continue to see comp sales and customer transactions not only increase, but accelerate. Although, we have also fared well during recessions, this is the first time we are seeing acceleration during a recession. This presents a huge opportunity for us to capture a significant increased consumer spending when the economy improves. With our extreme value proposition and a demographic reach that we believe is wider than just about any other apparel or home retailer out there; we believe we are in excellent position to retain the new customers we are attracting today. For us, value has always been and continues to be the place to be. We believe our values and merchandising mix are only getting better. This unusual environment is presenting major opportunities for our company and with our flexible business model and substantial financial resources, we are seizing the day. Across the board, all of our businesses including our growth vehicles are performing well, which bodes extremely well for our future. The important message I want to share with you on this call is our confidence in our ability to sustain our strong, consistent profitable growth. We focused on the reasons for our confidence at our investor event on October 20th, and I want to reiterate those key things with you today. Our goal is to be one of the best retailers in the world. I'll outline for you what gives us confidence in our ability to grow TJX to be $30 billion and a $40 billion retailer long-term. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Jeff to recap our third quarter and year-to-date financial results. Then I'll review the highlights of our third quarter, cover the key points and then discuss our financial strength. We'll also speak to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year, and for now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well again, we don't share that number, but you can see that this year we were down in total 5% on a store-by-store basis against a year ago down 6%, Jeff. I think we see this year another opportunity to hopefully be in that range, and it's definitely across the board. So we are buying much closer to need. We have invested a great deal in our supply chain, and we intend next year to make us even speedier. So I don't know where the end number is, but our goal is to every year try to chop it and to turn faster.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, s you know, we are planning the margins slightly lower than Q3, but closer to the total year. Again, we had a flat December, so we kind of hope there is opportunity there, but I think we always plan conservatively. Again, we're happy with what we are seeing at the beginning of November, and we like to plan our sales conservatively and hopefully beat them and keep our inventories nice and lean. So, I think we are in a pretty good place in terms of planning. Adrianne, as always, we hope very much to beat those numbers.
Carol Meyrowitz: Not at all. I mean it was so promotional last year. We are not expecting it to be quite as promotional, but either way, it doesn't affect us, because we are tremendously open-to-buy going into Q4.
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly, our customer traffic every quarter is increasing tremendously. We have certainly not seen numbers like this in the past. Our average ticket is slightly down; it's low single-digits down, pretty much consistent quarter-over-quarter. We are increasing our advertising spend versus plan for Q4 because we think we have an opportunity again to keep driving new customers into our stores, and as I have said in the past, one of our goals is to certainly put some capital back into our stores to keep the customers for the future. So our goal is to keep our customer, and our ticket may get back to flat next year. We'll see, but our goal is to just give great, great value. So we're just pretty excited about the constant increase quarter-over-quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: In terms of the in-store, we've done a lot of customer research and a lot of customer surveys on what is it that they want to see in our stores. I'm not going to tell you too much of the specifics, but we have reacted to that, and believe it or not, every store is almost treated differently. We will have a store where we will get some feedback and we will work on a specific project, and in other stores we will do something that maybe a little bit different. This all comes from really listening to our customer and reacting to that. So we're pretty excited. Some of it is just in store labor, some of it's recovery, some of it's physical work, but I think we're seeing very good results from this. We will continue to do it and probably be fairly aggressive next year, as we will end the year with quite a bit of cash.
Carol Meyrowitz: Paul, in terms of visibility, we really have the same visibility across the board in all of our chains. You know, we leverage our communications throughout. So if there is an initiative that is going on in one division, it will be going on in another division if it's appropriate. They also leverage each other. So if there is a European vendor, let's say there is a high-end vendor, then that is shared with the corporation and we go in as a team to leverage that also. So I can't quite answer you, because there really is no difference in the visibility. We know all the initiatives. We know what we're going after. The open-to-buy is the open-to-buy by division; and it's pretty much consistent across the board. Everybody is pretty lean.
Carol Meyrowitz: Honestly, Ernie can help you too, but I don't remember ever losing a vendor. I mean having ran Marmaxx for five years, I can't remember ever losing a vendor.
Carol Meyrowitz: We had to shut the guys down last year. We had to shut the guys down this year. We did it last week. It is just always available goods and there is always available quality goods. One thing I have to make clear in this environment is that, if people do business with TJX, where we pay on time, where we're very, very solid company, I think there is a change in the mentality. I think vendors will want to do more business with us in the future versus keeping anything consistent. I think there is more of an opportunity for them to do more business with us.
Carol Meyrowitz: Jeff will speak to this, but right now I think we are planning conservatively and that is what we're comfortable with.
Carol Meyrowitz: TV is going to be pretty heavy, Richard. Heavier than a year ago, and we are going to be hitting a lot more markets than a year ago. Then social networking is a big chunk of it also. We have not decreased our direct mail, but I think we're more pointed with it. So we're feeling very good about our TV. We are very excited about our (inaudible); you are going to see something what I think is even more clever than our intervention. So we're pretty excited about it.
Carol Meyrowitz: Dollars are slightly up over plan and slightly down versus a year ago. A year ago we were quite a bit up from the prior year. Again, we are leveraging that a lot more. You're going to see us on top-rated shows that we were not on a year ago.
Carol Meyrowitz: Daniel, we really don't talk about margins by product category, so I'm really not comfortable going there. As we said, we are comfortable with our plans in terms of our comps, and we are believing that we're somewhat conservative. We understand that. We'll see what happens. I think Ernie is feeling pretty good in terms of Marmaxx and going into the fourth quarter. So I think we're doing what we do.
Carol Meyrowitz: There are just a couple of things. First of all, Linens 'n Things is not affecting HomeGoods at all, so where there is a Linens 'n Things, our stores that are not near Linens 'n Things are doing just as well, in some cases better. That's pretty much the case with Marmaxx too. You are asking about the customer increasing, it's increasing every single quarter. So that means that we're maintaining the new customer and we're still adding new customers. So it's a continuous acceleration, which tells you that it's likely going to continue and you're going to certainly keep that customer. So we feel pretty confident about that. The other thing in terms of Marmaxx last year is, third quarter we did take some markdowns. We got hit pretty quickly like everybody else did in November. So we where loaded a year ago. We moved very quickly to get out of it, and then we ended up in January with much leaner inventory. So part of that number from a year ago was certainly a weaker quarter in terms of margins. So that will also show the acceleration on the Q3 versus Q3 a year ago.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I'll answer that one with a non-answer. For competitive reasons; I don't want to go there, but I will tell you, it's both apparel and non-apparel where our initiatives are. So there are some interesting things. Again, I suggest hopping into our stores over the holiday season, and I think you'll see some newness and pretty exciting things.
Carol Meyrowitz: Dana, I will answer, then, and then Jeff can. My answer would be I hope so and we're going to work our way towards it.
Carol Meyrowitz: The other thing, Dana, about Europe is, we have an opportunity to take the backend of the business. UK is probably the most expensive country to operate in. As we learn more about this, we may have some more opportunities for cost reduction, much greater than we maybe think today.
Carol Meyrowitz: Actually one of our buyers did do one of the commercials recently, and she was really terrific. One of our real buyers.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, our advertising, well, it's starting now. The big TV starts the end of this month and we'll be hitting pretty hard.
Carol Meyrowitz: To tell you the truth, the home business is pretty strong across the board. I talk a lot about leveraging, and we have worldwide home meetings. Actually there is one going on right now across the room, but I think we're just very, very much on target as to the value and what customer wants. So I think the home sector is going to be pretty strong for us going forward, but it truly is across the board. HomeSense, HomeSense in the UK, the home businesses in all divisions, and HomeGoods is very, very strong, as well as HomeGoods in the home area in Marmaxx.
Carol Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone, and we look very much forward to reporting on the holiday season. Have a great holiday. Thank you.
Jeff Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everyone. Let me recap third quarter results. Net sales were $5.2 billion; that's up 10% over last year. Our consolidated comps were up 7%, and that was significantly above our original plan. The diluted earnings per share was $0.81. As Carol mentioned, that's up 40% over the $0.58 we reported last year. Now I should point out that last year benefited by a penny from a non-operating item and by $0.05 from foreign currency, while this year benefited by $0.02 from foreign currency. So if you look at the underlying adjusted growth rate, it was much stronger than we reported given the currency headwinds that we faced in the third quarter. These items are all detailed in today's press release. Our consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 10.8%; that's up 200 basis points over last year on a reported basis. Now comparisons to prior year were adversely impacted by two items. First, last year benefited 10 basis points from a non-operating item that we detailed in today's press release. Second, the third quarter of both years, were impacted by foreign currency exchange rates, last year much more positively than this year. That reduced the year-over-year improvement in pre-tax margin by 40 basis points. So the underlying pre-tax margin growth on an adjusted basis is actually 50 basis points more than we are reporting when you adjust for currency and you adjust for the non-operating item. The gross profit margin was up 180 basis points and well above our plan, primarily due to strong merchandise margins, partially offset by the 40 basis point impact from foreign currency that I just discussed. SG&A expense improved by 50 basis points as a percent of sales, despite a 40 basis point increase in expenses related to performance-based compensation. As a reminder, as we discussed on our last conference call, we have a broad based incentive program that goes very deep into the organization and includes thousands of associates, including our store managers. In terms of other items impacting the P&L, a lower tax rate versus last year added about a penny to EPS, while higher net interest expense reduced EPS by about a penny. As to inventories, at the end of the third quarter consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 5%. If you exclude the impact of foreign currency, we were actually down 7% on a per-store basis. At Marmaxx, our total inventory commitment, including the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order, was down versus last year on a per-store basis. We ended the third quarter with very clean inventories and are very, very comfortable with our inventory liquidity as we begin the fourth quarter. Let me briefly discuss our results for the first nine months now. EPS for the first nine months was $1.91; that's up 27% over last year's $1.50 that we reported. Last year's EPS benefited by $0.03 per share from non-operating items that are detailed in today's press release. If you exclude these items, EPS was up 30% over the adjusted $1.47 per share. Also as outlined in today's press release, foreign currency adversely impacted EPS for the first nine months of this year by $0.04, whereas last year it actually had a $0.04 positive impact in the first nine months. So the EPS increase year-to-date would have been significantly higher if it weren't for these impacts. Our comp sales increased by a strong 5% in the first nine months. Now I'll turn the call back to Carol and I will recap our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year at the end of the call.
Jeff Naylor: Well, I'll start with the clarification. What we were saying is that, we have a higher bonus expense this year in the fourth quarter, because last year, if you think about it, it was a tough fourth quarter for us like it was for everybody, so there was very little bonus expense that we accrued in the fourth quarter, whereas this year, we're significantly outperforming. So that higher level of bonus expense this year is costing us about 11 points of EPS growth. So in other words, if the bonus expense were the same this year as it were last year, we would be looking at 11% more EPS growth, if you will, Kimberley. So it's just the impact that it's having on the EPS growth rate.
Jeff Naylor: One other thing I'd add to that, Kimberly, is obviously, with a lower ticket you have to ship more units to do similar levels of business. So we are shipping more units., but we've actually been offsetting that cost with some of the productivity that we've been seeing both in our DCs and our stores. So you haven't heard us talk about that as a de-levering factor to either buying and occupancy or SG&A expense, because we largely offset it with productivity year-to-date.
Jeff Naylor: The merchandise margin, as we mentioned, in the third quarter was up 180 basis points. We had a 40 basis hit from mark-to-market, Jeff; so it was actually up 220 basis points if you look at the underlying trends. Most of that was merchandise margin. Buying and occupancy, we got a little bit of leverage from, but we don't really talk about this , we have some incentive comp expense flows through buying and occupancy. The other thing that happens with our accounting is that, in our inventories we capitalize some buying and occupancy costs into inventory, so that when we are bringing our inventory down you actually end up with some expense that you have to flush through your P&L. So if you adjust for the bonus impact that's flowing through, as well as these capitalized costs that come down as you reduce your inventory, but we actually had a significant amount of B&O leverage in the quarter.
Jeff Naylor: Why don't I take that question first just as a clarification. It is all from translation, Paul. So that $0.02 is all translation benefit this year as we have higher FX rates in both Canada and the UK than we did last year at this time. So there is no mark-to-market in there; it is all translation.
Jeff Naylor: We never really expect it. It all depends upon what the currency rates are on the very last day of the quarter, because that's when we look at marking those hedges to market. So if there is significant volatility between the time we hedge our inventory positions and wherever the rates are on the last day of the quarter, there could be, but candidly, it's not something you can really plan, because it solely depends on what the rates are on the last day.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, November is off to a strong start. Carol clearly said that on her prepared remarks. I think if you look on a three-year basis, you will see a little less deceleration than you do on a two. So we look at it both ways, but I think November is off to a strong start. We are up against a flat comp in December. There is always uncertainty around the December numbers, so we are being a little cautious, but we think it's prudent to be cautious. We set our cost structures and our inventories around these comps, so I think it just makes sense given there is a lot of business in front of us to be prudent at this point in time.
Jeff Naylor: In Marmaxx in the fourth quarter we're planning the bottom line segment margin up 150 to 180 basis points on a 52-week basis. You have to, when looking at last year, adjust 60 basis points out of it, Jennifer, because we had the benefit of the 53rd week. So if you adjust for that, we've got them up 150 to 180 on a five to seven comp, and in the third quarter they were up 340 basis points on a nine comp. So there may be a little bit of opportunity there I think again, as Carol mentioned, when you look at the guidance, you look at the total fourth quarter for the company against third quarter and you look at the trend, we're clearly calling bottom line profit growth below the trend, and most of that is in merchandise margins. Again, we've got the whole fourth quarter to go here.
Jeff Naylor: The one thing we can say about merchandise margins increase is, it's pretty balanced between mark-on and mark-down. We're obviously buying closer to need, and take advantage of great deals and that helps in the mark-on, and then lower inventory levels, that helps you control your mark-down. So we are seeing pretty balanced between the two as we look at the year-over-year increase year-to-date and in the third quarter.
Jeff Naylor: No, Stacy, it's more of a third quarter there. The third quarter typically is our strongest quarter...
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think the quantification there is, most of those happen in the first half of the year, so if they had a short-term benefit you would have expected a pop and then a deceleration. We're actually seeing an acceleration in our comp, whether you look at it on a one-year or on a stacked basis. We are also seeing an acceleration in transactions, so we appear to be continuing to pick up business even after the initial impact of those businesses going away. So I guess that's the way I'd respond to that question. I don't know if Carol could add to that.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think the flow through was less than you would expect. So you correctly identified, Stacy, the segment profit margin was up 110 basis points. That was less than we would have expected, candidly. We had higher incentive comp. We also remodeled nine stores, and so we had some write-offs associated with those remodels. Then we also had merchandise margins up at A.J; they were not as up as much as other divisions due to some markdowns we took transitioning from summer to fall that we talked about on one of the sales calls. So those were the main factors. I'd say, look, year-to-date, we've got $7 million of profit against a $2 million loss last year; we've got almost 200 basis points of bottom line profit improvement. Our store contribution margin is right where we need it to roll new stores. We are seeing terrific performance out of the new stores we've opened this year. So we're seeing feeling very confident about the business and I think you are just looking at a little bit of a hiccup on the flow through in Q3.
Jeff Naylor: In terms of the new stores, most of the stores we're opening this year are open. We've got a handful that are opening in the fourth quarter, but of the 93 net new stores, net, net of closings, that we anticipate this year. Just backing up, we anticipate opening 105 stores this year; closing 12; so we've got 93 net. The lion's share, I think all but a handful, are in the third quarter. We generally, David, try to do our openings, get it done before the end of the third quarter and given the fourth quarter it is just tougher to open stores in that time frame.
Jeff Naylor: We are not public on that yet. I think we said we would anticipate increasing the square footage growth from 3% to 4% historically to 4% to 5%. So we're clearly going to ramp it up, but in terms of the actual numbers and by which divisions, we will give you all that in February.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think I'll give you two answers, one for HomeGoods and one for Europe. HomeGoods is having just a phenomenal year. So we looked at it, prior to this year the pretax margin for that business was 5.1%. With a weak comp last year, particularly in the back half, it went down to 2.7%. This year the guidance implies 6.5% to 6.8%. So they have had just a phenomenal year in terms of recovering their profitability. Their returns on invested capital are now approaching mid-teens, so we are very, very happy with that business. I don't know yet whether it can be go beyond 8%. I think we're increasingly confident that it can get to 8%, because we are getting close. The question is can we get beyond? They are driving improvements in merchandise margins with lower levels of inventory this year and getting more cost leverage, frankly, than we thought that they were going to be able to achieve. They plugged a lot of cost leverage into the model and are beating it. So maybe, I guess; that's a good solid maybe there. On Europe, we used to think T.K-UK was an 8% business. Our current guidance calls for 8.4% to 8.6%, so we're clearly approaching higher levels of profitability there. As we expand across Europe, we should get leverage. A, we can take those UK fixed costs and spread them across the broader store base. Secondly, as we open in Europe we are seeing in those markets that rents are lower than the UK and there is less CapEx that we are putting into stores that are all at least as productive as the UK. So all those signs tell us that there is a pretty high-margin, high-ROIC opportunity in Europe, but again, that remains to be seen. We have got to prove it. Initial signs are all very encouraging.
Jeff Naylor: On the revenue, Marni, $5.6 billion to $5.8 billion was the revenue guidance for the fourth quarter.
Jeff Naylor: Sure, the corporate expense increase was really a function of two things. One was we made a contribution. We have a charitable foundation called the TJX Foundation, and we made a contribution of $8 million during the quarter; against last year when we didn't make any contribution. So that's one of the pieces. The balance is bonus related. A portion of the compensation expense gets booked to the corporate group. So what you're seeing is, you are seeing some impact from the bonus flowing through that line as well as through each of our divisions. In terms of the third quarter, what we have said is that, underlying SG&A is up 50 basis points. Within that there is a 40 basis point hit from higher incentive compensation expense. Again, we have incentive comp programs that go very deep and broad in our company. So that the underlying SG&A leverage then would be 90 basis points if you excluded the underlying bonus expense.
