Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. Again, fourth quarter consolidated comp store sales on a 13-week basis grew a strong 4%, which was over a 3% increase last year and above our plan. We are very pleased with our customer traffic increases across our four major divisions. As a reminder, our comp store sales exclude the growth from e-commerce. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share were $1.37. As we detailed in today's press release, fourth quarter EPS includes a $0.17 net benefit from tax reform, a benefit of approximately $0.11 from the extra week in the fourth quarter and a $0.10 Sierra Trading Post impairment charge. Ernie will talk more about STP in a moment. Excluding these items, adjusted earnings per share were $1.19, above our plan and a 16% increase over last year's $1.03. The combination of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange benefited EPS growth by 2% and the change in accounting rules for share-based compensation benefited EPS by another 1%. As expected, wage increases negatively impacted EPS growth by about 1%. At the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were up 4% on a constant currency basis versus a 4% decrease in the prior year. We begin fiscal 2019 well-positioned to flow fresh spring fashions to our stores. Now, to recap our fourth quarter performance by division, Marmaxx comps increased 3%, over a 3% increase last year and were driven by customer traffic. As we expected, average ticket decreased, but moderated versus the third quarter. Adjusted 13-week segment profit margin, excluding the Sierra Trading Post impairment charge, decreased 10 basis points. We are very pleased with Marmaxx's strong finish to the year. HomeGoods grew 3% over last year's 5% increase. Adjusted 13-week segment profit margin was down 190 basis points. This was primarily due to a decline in merchandise margin, as well as investments to support our growth. For the year, HomeGoods exceeded our plan on the top and bottom line, surpassed $5 billion in sales and delivered strong increases in comp sales and traffic. Further, we opened over 90 stores, including the launch of our new Homesense chain. TJX Canada delivered a terrific quarter, with comps increasing 7% over last year's 4% increase. Adjusted 13-week segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was up 90 basis points. This is primarily due to expense leverage on the 7% comp. We are thrilled that all three Canadian chains had outstanding years and I'm convinced that they increased their market share. At TJX International, comps increased 3% in the fourth quarter. Adjusted 13-week segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 50 basis points. This was primarily due to costs related to the opening of our new distribution center in the UK. We are very pleased that Europe ended 2017 with its strongest quarter of the year, exceeding our top and bottom-line plans for this division. Further, Australia continued its excellent performance. We are convinced that TJX International is gaining market share. Now, to our full-year consolidated fiscal 2018 results. On a 52-week basis, consolidated comp store sales grew 2% over last year's strong 5% increase. Similar to the fourth quarter, overall customer traffic was up and the primary driver of the comp increases at each of our four major divisions. Although still a relatively small part of our business, overall e-commerce sales grew significantly for the full year. Diluted earnings per share were $4.04 versus last years $3.46. Full year EPS includes the same adjustments as the fourth quarter. Excluding these items, adjusted earnings per share were $3.85, above our plan and a 9% increase over last year's $3.53. Additionally, the change in accounting rules for share-based compensation benefited EPS growth by 2%, and the combination in foreign currency and transactional FX benefited EPS growth by another 1%. As we expected, wage increases negatively impacted EPS growth by about 2%. So full-year merchandise margin remained strong on top of a significant increase last year, which underscores the power of our flexible model. I'll finish with our financial strength and shareholder distributions. Our business continues to generate excellent cash flows and strong financial returns. In fiscal 2018, free cash flow was $2 billion. We take a disciplined approach to capital allocation and our ROIC remains one of the highest we have seen in retail. We remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs, while simultaneously reinvesting in the business for the near and long-term. In fiscal 2018, we returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through these programs. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie, and I'll recap our first quarter and full year fiscal 2019 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Okay. So the fourth quarter, try not to be too long-winded on this one, but the merchandise margin was down in the fourth quarter and it was down primarily due to freight and markdowns, which were where HomeGoods, that we had some capacity constraints due to higher freight costs. And these constraints were unanticipated in the quarter and resulted in a larger impact on HomeGoods than our other divisions due to the size and nature of the product we carry at HomeGoods. This lack of capacity that we had in the freight arena, which resulted in some delays at the ports, causing our product to arrive at the stores a bit later than we had anticipated. And at HomeGoods, where we deliver the product on a just-in-time basis, probably more than at any other division, this delay impacted sales and required additional markdowns, especially in some of our gift-giving categories. At this point, we think the markdowns are largely behind us. They spilled a little over into the first quarter. But that's contemplated in our plans at this point in time. So we had some freight costs as well at Marmaxx. So, yeah, I think the key here would be that this was – and maybe Ernie can comment, that really not due to any executional issues. And before I just turn it over, I would say that we felt good – we're planning significant increases in our merchandise margin next year. And on a quarterly basis, it's the first time our merchandise margin was down in the last eight quarters. And, again, if I go back to 2003, we've had 15 of the last 16 years where our merchandise margin has been up and the only year it was down was fiscal 2012, I believe, and it was 8 basis points. And I'll let Ernie talk in terms of the mix and everything.
Scott Goldenberg: So talk a bit about just the facts. So a couple months ago, we would have thought our wage increases were going to still increase, but we'd have less deleverage on us. And we had called out about a 1% decrease or about 10 basis points. Now it's still a 2% decrease, as I just talked about earlier in the prepared remarks. Again, the big change from a couple months ago was Canada has the large increases in Ontario and those increases were also added to, because we had just recently announcements that British Columbia is also increasing their wages. We have all the wage increases built in, in the United States and in Europe that we are aware of, in terms of pending or likely increases. In terms of the cost aspect of it, I would say in terms of the deleverage point, we are working on cost initiatives, I wouldn't say to lower our leverage point, but at least try to keep it where it is. But, again, that's a little hard to answer your question, since we don't know what the wage increases are going to be at this point.
Scott Goldenberg: No, I would say we are not, at this point, going to give guidance to past the fiscal 2019 at this point. So I would say, at this point, similar to this year.
Scott Goldenberg: Again, I think it's what I said before. Going back to HomeGoods, again, the biggest miss in the fourth quarter versus LY and plan, which was really miss from plan, was with HomeGoods, on the merch margin. Again, it was the freight and related markdowns, so that was by far the related mix. We also did have some of those, again, same related costs in terms of the freight at Marmaxx and really not much to speak of on anything with Canada, International, in terms of from a TY, LY, again. And then next year, I think, we feel good about, as we said, across the board, merchandise margin at all the divisions.
Scott Goldenberg: So you actually nailed it on a few of the items. Freight, it's built into our plans, but I would say the freight cost for this year on the go-forward year, it's certainly a factor in next year's deleverage. Not that much different on the whole year, though, for fiscal 2019 as it is for 2018, but it is a continued deleverage point. The other points really relate to the investments, as we talked about, in the almost 200 stores that we've added between fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018. And the need to pull forward and bring supply chain in future DCs cost. That, in addition to just the pressure that you've heard us talk about, whether it's at Marmaxx and some of the other divisions of the sheer number of openings of new stores and with Homesense, had very productive return on investments, but at a lower return, will naturally add to the overall deleverage. So I would say the deleverage points that we have for new stores and supply chain, is similar to last year. And we're planning it within 10 basis points of how we planned fiscal 2018, we're planning fiscal 2019. So, yes, I think that's the case. And I think the deleverage, we're not giving guidance, but you will see continued pressure when you go past next year.
Scott Goldenberg: I'd have to get back to you on the detail. I would say that most of the freight costs that we saw were pretty much unanticipated. So it's a combination of a lot of things, I think, are transpiring in the world of carrier consolidation, a bit on driver shortages that were...
Scott Goldenberg: A little more, I think, pronounced in the fourth quarter, additional regulations that have been going into a place. So I think there's a number of factors that went into it. But I'm not sure of the specifics, certainly can get back to you, back after on more detail on that.
Scott Goldenberg: No, I think it's really the two points Ernie made. It's the discipline in the expenses and I think on the inventory management and it allows for better, hopefully, flow-through on the upside and mitigates on the markdowns, on the downside.
Scott Goldenberg: So I think, I'll just try to answer a few of those questions. On advertising, I think, maybe a little is, first, advertising dollars are slightly more, but there is a leverage on an A to S ratio. In terms of the leverage point, not trying to not answer the question, but when you have too many factors with wage and FX and other things to tell you the leverage point, 3% was always what we had stated when merchandise margin is roughly flat and your expenses were not growing. The leverage point would generally always be 3%. Certainly, when you plan out a quarter at a 2% and we have a 3%, we're certainly going to leverage off of that. And at usually 1% comp would be worth approximately 20 basis points in leverage when you're comparing it to a plan, whether it's for the year or for the quarter. And I'll just turn it back to Ernie in terms of...
Scott Goldenberg: I'll just give a little color on the number there. I think one of the things that we're certainly pleased with and we mentioned it briefly on the average retail moderating, particularly at Marmaxx, in the fourth quarter from the third quarter. We are planning, as we said, the average retail, still moderating as we move through the first half of this year and to be flattish for the back half of the year. So I think that's – we feel good about that and some of that is, I think Ernie will allude to it, is the mix and the branding and all that of the merchandise. So that's, I think, very important. And certainly, if we can achieve that, that will continue to put a little less pressure on some of our expense structure.
Scott Goldenberg: And I would say, in terms of Europe, there is still a bit more pressure, I think, too, as the hanging on effects of Brexit in terms of UK versus mainland Europe, so we have been stronger in mainland Europe than we have in the UK. And probably the only nuance there is also we run better in London versus outside of London. But those are the things that we've, I think, had mentioned before, but still, there is still some pressures in Europe on that.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah, and I think to reiterate, just to make sure on the geographies and like at Marmaxx, for example, we were pretty consistent within the U.S., so we always like when we don't see much a differentiation between the low and the high. So that's what we saw in the fourth quarter, which I think bodes well.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yeah. Omar, exactly, as Scott said, really got hit with the markdowns. And by the way, probably a little bit of a sales impact from these later deliveries, which were not really due to merchant execution. It was really more of the logistics-oriented situation with freight and trucking and movement of freight. I guess, looking forward, here's the good news, is we love the position. We're starting to get the flow back and the timeliness back to where we like it. And HomeGoods is in great liquidity position and open-to-buy position as we flow into the first quarter here. As Scott said, we did get hit with some as we began the first quarter with some markdowns still impacting us from some of those late deliveries, unfortunately. But for the most part, I'd say it's largely past us. So we're feeling good about going forward.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yeah, and, Lorraine, I would also jump in a few other pieces of color on this. We get constant feedback from our field, in terms of the retention and turnover rates out there. And we've been feeling like we're in a very good position of recent and we've touched base pretty frequently on that. You have a bunch of dynamic going on. We keep an eye on it, by the way. We will consistently monitor this, as it goes forward. We also have about a quarter of our stores where we are paying $11 already. So we did not want to or feel like, based on our lack of challenge hiring quality people, we did not want to overreact to what's going on out there, probably going to take it more market-by-market. And so again, we're feeling pretty comfortable about the position we're in. But we will monitor as we move forward.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yeah, Simeon. No, effectively the concentration on our top vendors, and we looked at this in-depth every quarter, is effectively very similar to last year, nothing materially different. We have shifts. So some vendors one year, we will do more. You could have a vendor that was in the top, that was, say, our 20th biggest vendor, and he could move down to 40th, but somebody else then moves up to 20. We could have shifts within it, number eight goes to number 12, number 12 the year before becomes number six. But I would say the bulk of the big brands that were the big brands last year, that a lot of the big brands of the same big brands. We have the fortunate ability with all the availability in the market we've had the ability to broaden our brands. And, as you know, when we give you those dollar bonds, it's not just about comp sales. Of $1 billion to $2 billion a year, we're doing a lot of that is giving us additional vendors; may not be in the top 20, but it's allowing us more doors open that we can go to in certain categories throughout the year. So we love those dynamics, actually.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. Paul, we like the sit well, the dynamics of what's going on in the market, in terms of a lot of really strong brands and this includes Europe and Canada as well as the U.S., have had as good as an availability level as we've ever seen and our liquidity position is healthy. So we're feeling the opportunity on our merchandise margin should be pretty good this year to continue on the same path of doing this pretty good job. I don't want to overcommit to what there is, but there is certainly a healthy availability that should help us achieve our merchandise margin plans in FY 2019.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, that, actually, it's a great question. It has created more surplus out there. It's another avenue. So even though brick-and-mortar department store volume has come down and maybe that has subsided, the world of e-commerce has created more availability. And you're spot on. And the answer would be yes. Yeah.
Ernie L. Herrman: I'll tell you one thing. We can't give you specifics on it, but I am very happy with the marketing campaigns that we have coming up. Actually, a lot of it, I can't tell you about, because they don't come out until the second week in March. But I am very happy with the creative on all divisions, on the marketing front and also we've done some adjustments on the working media in terms of what vehicles we are pushing out there with. So, of course, digital is a key component. But we are utilizing TV, which, again, I can't give you specifics, in a different way. But as far as that traffic, that's one of the things I am most excited about, over the next six months.
Ernie L. Herrman: So, Dana, on Sierra Trading Post, we're really excited about a handful of things here. It was a tale of two cities, when you look at the first half performance and the back half. So in the second half of the year, our top line was performing really well versus in the first half, where it was disappointing. The organization, we did some pretty major moves around, as well as at the end of last year, put a planning organization in that was really going to take care of a consistent flow to the stores and the website in a very balanced manner, which we have not had before. So that really took strong effect by the time we got to about August, September and we went on to have a very healthy sales top-line growth in the fourth quarter. So what we're feeling good about is we even go into this year is our flow has been much better to the stores and to the website. We have a merchant team that's now in place. I think I had talked to all of you before about doing a reorganization restructuring there, which we did that about a year ago, and we're finally getting the payback on that. So we're looking at a more experienced merchant group, which should yield us – between that and the flow of the merchandise, should lead to improving merchandise margins as well. So, pretty much all of those things are headed in the right direction. We had to go through all that pain of going for everyday value from early on. But, fortunately, we're, for the most part past that and like what we see for the year coming up.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yeah. Thanks, Scott. Oliver, so, I guess, it's a good question. It's pretty broad and what I would get at some of the key pieces, I think what you're getting at is how we're approaching the apparel and the home business. Is it different? Or this is where the flexibility comes into play. One thing that you could see is that in Marmaxx, we had those few categories where we had some execution issues in the third quarter. And you could see that, even though we have work to do, we're very happy with the progress that we've had on those few categories. Or, obviously, Marmaxx would not have had a 3% comp in the fourth quarter. And also, we've seen some further improvement as we've been through the first few weeks of this year. I would tell you, because of the importance of apparel still in a Marmaxx or a TK Maxx or in a Winners we have some initiatives and strong feelings about certain apparel categories throughout the year that we are going to try to aggressively drive this year. That applies to those three divisions, specifically. Even though they have home businesses, we are specifically going to be going after apparel in those full-line stores. Having said that, strategically, when you look at our total TJX business, I love the way the complement of home is such a core steady, non-weather-related market share opportunity, as I said before, because we believe we have the most unpredictable impulse-driven home business in the country, at the best value that nobody competes with us on. So that's why you'll continue to see us open more home stores and drive the home business in the full-line stores as well. So I guess, this year, our mission, and your question was perfect timing, because in the full-line apparel stores, which is TJ Maxx, Marshalls, Winners, TK, we're going to try to aggressively go after certain key apparel categories, while we still go after home. I hope that answers the question.
Ernie L. Herrman: And, Matt, the thing that, again, we couldn't get everything into the script. But one of the highs of what Scott, myself and the team here was most excited about was the consistency across all of the divisions and all the geographies. We didn't have any one bottleneck in the business, so to speak, that would drag anything down, so that we felt good about. And so when you ask about the timing, even the timing, as much as it helped, it was pretty consistent for the quarter, which also was a sign of healthiness.
Ernie L. Herrman: Okay. Thank you all for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to updating you on our first quarter earnings call in May. Take care.
