Carol M. Meyrowitz: Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. We're going to start this call by having Jeff take you through our first quarter results, then I will share with you my thoughts on our first quarter performance, our outlook for the second quarter and our long-term view.  Big picture, I am very pleased with our performance in these difficult times and the additional opportunities we're seeing as a result of the downturn from which we believe we will benefit in the long term. However, times are still uncertain and you're going to hear that we are remaining extremely deliberate in our approach and cautious about our near-term outlook.  We'll get into more details about the second quarter, but in addition to the continuing challenging environment, our comparisons to last year do not become easier until later in the year. We believe the right thing to do is to plan and run the business with conservative assumptions as we did this past quarter, and strive to beat our plan. First, here's Jeff to recap the numbers for the first quarter. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And Brian, in terms of the other divisions, really across the board everyone had significant increase in merchandise margin and in pre-tax with the exception of Winners due to the currency issue. But if you look at the U.K. in terms of in addition to the investment they were up 190 basis points. HomeGoods has had a spectacular quarter and they were up pre-tax 153. And A.J.'s, which had a very, very strong comp, tremendous again, pre-tax, over 300% increase.  So we're really across the board. I'm very, very pleased with the execution of all the divisions. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Texas has been pretty good for awhile, so we've seen a pretty positive trend there. And Florida is definitely starting to come back. So, you know, the trend last year was softening in Florida and we're starting to see some increases there. And California is very slowly increasing, so the whole Southwest region is getting a little bit stronger. But we are definitely seeing some improvement and that is over a weaker comp.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Paul, the real key here is the fact that we put our bucket aside and we will take advantage of best market prices. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. The other thing that you've got to consider too is we are running with lower retail, so that does put more units through the system in terms of the cost structure.  Yes, deep recession, you know, obviously our first quarter was stronger. We planned a down 2% to down 4% and obviously we beat that with an up 2%, which is a positive trend which I can't say I'm not excited about. We went into this year with a lot of questions. So I don't think we have the answer to the deep recession. We're just going to take one quarter at a time. I think we're planning Q2 prudently and I think it's a very rational estimate and I think we're going to take one quarter at a time and see what [break in audio] yields.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, Jeff. Well, I talked about it before. We've had pretty positive trends for several quarters now and I think the big takeaways here are that we're really understanding the customer.  Obviously, we're building on a stronger year and we have a strong team in place. All our top level team as well as the next tier down has really been in place now year-on-year. We brought in a very strong head of stores, so we've got a great team in place.  We figured out how to market to this customer. We're running leaner inventories. And the core is working, which we said we're focusing on basics and shoes, accessories, juniors, and kids, and there are several other areas that we have opportunity in. But the transactions are very, very strong at A.J. Wright and really they're continuing to execute extremely well. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, A.J. Wright, we have a very, I'll say, very pleasant situation today in that we have really all of our chains doing well. And in terms of the real estate, Todd, we're balancing, again, the best deal in the best place. So although today A.J. Wright we're feeling great about and we're feeling great about it for the future, we have to balance the real estate opportunity there versus the U.K. versus Marmaxx. So I think we're just taking one deal at a time and making the absolute best deal and obviously that's what we set aside that capital for.  So we don't have any plans to suddenly go an additional 50 stores, that's for sure, and I don't think that's the smart way to do it. We've done things like that in the past and we don't want to repeat them. So we will be careful and we'll be prudent, but again, we're trying very hard to make the best deal and sit tight. And the few times where we did that, where we made moves six months ago, we would have regretted them, and we're pretty happy with the results of them today. So there's no fast growth plan in place today to accelerate to a great degree.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Again, we have to balance the portfolio. We will probably next year increase our store count above the 85 mark, but to lay it out by division is probably not the right thing to do today. But we're out there very aggressively looking at deals.  In terms of the U.K., the opportunity is huge. Germany alone, just the number of people, we've put out there it's up to 350 stores. We are testing Poland; it's three stores. We're not going to put numbers out there, but it's a population of 42 million. And again, one step at a time, but we think Europe has tremendous potential.  And we're understanding more and we're understanding how to go into new countries, so it's very, very exciting. And we're leveraging the European structure that they have really put in place over a year ago, and what's tremendous in terms of the structure is that now that group has been in place for a little bit over a year now, so we're starting to really leverage the scale. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We really haven't, Adrianne. We're really looking at the three-year trends from Q1 and we've taken the same trend into Q2, with a little bit of margin upside. But no, we haven't. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, June, we had a 5% comp last year, and we've had several years in a row of strong comps. So, again, we were just taking the trend and obviously we're into the second week of May and we understand May a little bit better.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, not really. What we do plan and we are very strategic about is where our people are in terms of sourcing and looking at it by category, but we intend to be wide open. We feel very strong that there'll be plenty of availability in the back half. And clean inventories are not bad for us because, again, it gives us a tremendous advantage in terms of our value against the rest of the world, so it's not a bad thing for us.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We've seen - you know what, Adrianne? We have probably the most promotional environment in December and we weathered very well. So, again, it's that matter of the degree to where we are versus everyone else and we think we can more than sustain that. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, HomeGoods, you know, I did speak on the last call that I did feel that a big part of the home business was the external environment, but also a part of it was our execution. And I think the guys there are doing just an absolutely phenomenonal job. I think we have changed our way to approach the customer in terms of the store, in terms of the marketing. We are running with much leaning inventories. We have much more focused markets in terms of Florida and California and the Northeast.  And most importantly, I think their values are tremendous and I think that they are really understanding the way to drive the business, so I think a big chunk of this is execution. So we're pretty excited about what's going on with HomeGoods and it's obviously showing in the numbers.  In terms of the dual branding, I'm not planning on adding HomeGoods to the mix. As always, we look at something new that we're doing and we want to measure it over time, we want to see if it works, if it doesn't work what it means to the consumer. I think we've differentiated Marshall's and Maxx extremely well and they're two very big brands. So we've got a huge campaign to work on right now and then we'll see what we want to do in terms of other strategies for the future.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Well, we have a year strategy with it and we are covering about 35% of the market that never received TV before. And we are doing a combination of dual branding and individual branding which is laid out through the rest of the year.  You know, we told you before that we would be leveraging the marketing costs, which we are, and we did a lot of testing last year and I think the bottom line is we're just getting a bigger bang for our buck. So we're not planning on accelerating our marketing budget; we're planning on pretty much staying on plan. And we're very happy with what we're seeing.  And we have laid out our back half numbers.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, right now we think store growth is obviously the place to be with the advantageous real estate deals. As always, we have a lot of initiatives. We have some tests; we are from ready to talk about them, but we're always looking at everything around us. But right now our big fish to fry is obviously stores. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Still look at the total quarter. I mean, there can always be a shift from one month to the other depending on the weather patterns and everything else, so I think it's just a very good logical plan for Q2.  I want to thank everyone and I'm sorry we ran over, and I look forward to reporting Q2 to you shortly. Thank you.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everybody. I'll be recapping the first quarter results on a continuing operation basis, so in the first quarter net sales were $4.35 billion. That was up 1% over last year. Our consolidated comp store sales were up 2% and that was on top of a 2% increase last year and it was also significantly above our plan. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.49. That's up 11% over the $0.44 we reported last year. I should point out, however, that last year's results included a $0.02 per share benefit from FIN 48 tax adjustments, so excluding this benefit from last year's EPS our numbers were up 17% over the adjusted $0.42 last year. The 17% adjusted EPS growth was achieved despite several items that impact the comparability of results and adversely impacted first quarter this year.  First of all, foreign currency translation negatively impacted this year's results by $0.02 per share, which was about $0.01 more than we had planned. Second, marking our inventory related hedges to market at the end of the quarter reduced EPS this year by $0.02 per share compared to a $0.01 per share reduction to EPS last year.  And finally, results this year were adversely impacted by about $0.01 per share due to one-time costs related to our expense reduction initiatives. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin on a reported basis was 7.8%. That up 90 basis points over last year due to strong merchandise margins and solid expense control, but partially offset by the restructuring costs and the marked-to-market hedge adjustment. And I'll provide some further detail on how this breaks out later in the call.  Pre-tax profit margins increased significantly at all divisions with the exception of Winners, whose merchandise margins were adversely impacted by sourcing over half its merchandise in more expensive U.S. dollars. You'll recall that we discussed this on our February call and I'll also provide more detail on Winners later today. The gross profit margin was up 90% basis points during the quarter. Merchandise margins were up 110 basis points over prior year, which was better than we expected, but was partially offset by the marked-to-market adjustment I just mentioned.  SG&A costs were flat versus last year as a percentage of sales and SG&A dollar spending was slightly favorable to plan despite the above-plan sales and that was due to our cost reduction efforts.  In terms of inventories at the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis were down 4%. We're entering the second quarter with fewer dollars committed forward than at this time last year on a per store basis, and this includes the warehouses, the stores and the merchandise we have on order. So now let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll recap our second quarter guidance at the end of the call.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, I mean, the bottom line is we had a comp up 1%. Ordinarily you'd expect on a 1% comp increase to see deleverage and in fact we saw the merchandise margin was up significantly. It represents most of that 140 basis point increase, Brian. We also got a little bit of leverage from expenses, which speaks to the cost reductions efforts that we have in place. But I think if you look overall the 140 basis points, the lion's share of that is merchandise margin, as Carol mentioned.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: In terms of the spread I'm going to have to look into that because when we look at Marmaxx's comp it was up 1% and if I look at the square footage growth - I'm quickly finding that here - if I look at the square footage growth for Marmaxx, it's up in that 2% to 3% range. So I don't think there's anything really going on. I mean, the store growth that would be benefiting this year from stores we opened last year was really no different. I think, Jeff, we're going to have to take that one offline and just pull the numbers apart a little bit because I'm not seeing the same thing. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: And in terms of real estate, you can see we've committed to opening more stores. We've got more in Europe than we have in the U.S. because frankly we've seen rates come down more quickly in Europe than they've come down in the U.S., so that's where we're putting the incremental capital at this point. And I would tell you over the last couple of monthly real estate cycles we're beginning to see those rates come down in the U.S., but I'd rather not get into specifics in terms of dollars per foot.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Well, in terms of - why don't I take SG&A? So in terms of SG&A, no, you can't just take the - you know, assume it would be down by $150 million because baseline costs are up and we're also seeing increases in pension expense, employee medical benefits, etc. So what we said in our guidance, John, was that we would expect expenses to be essentially flat year-on-year, the total SG&A. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Right now I think the way to think about it is - and we're not providing guidance for the full year but we said we thought SG&A would be flat for the year. Remember, that was based on a negative comp. So as we beat sales, we actually spend more in SG&A in the stores because we have incremental people in the stores and so [inaudible] on that with payroll is incremental transactions, so you have the interchange fees, supplies, etc. So there will be some costs that'll go up; SG&A will go up as we generate more sales. That's a good thing. In the first quarter we had 10 basis points of leverage on a 2% comp with our cost savings partially in. And as we look at the second quarter and going forward we would expect to continue to see leverage at a 2% comp. But we're not going to see a $150 million drop in our SG&A. A portion of that hits buying and occupancy, which is in gross profit, and obviously we have also cost increases across the whole cost structure, but particularly some significant increases in pension and benefits.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, I mean, the guidance, we're looking at it versus our plan for the year, Jeff. We set our plan based on currency rates that were in place when we began the year, which for the Canadian dollar was in the low 80s and the British pound sort of the mid, you know, around $1.50, so those would be the rates that would be used by the guidance. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Q2 translation they'll have a $0.02 negative impact versus LY. These are all versus LY, Jeff, so translation is costing us $0.02. The marked-to-market, which hit us in the first quarter, we flip - it reverses - so we'll end up with $0.02 of positive EPS from marked-to-market, so those two essentially cancel out.  I should also mention, though, in sort of calling those out, interest and tax rate also cost in the second quarter $0.01 apiece. So translation cost us $0.02, marked-to-market benefits us by $0.02, and interest and tax each cost us $0.01 in the second quarter if you think of it this year versus last year.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes. You've just laid out the three components of the current installments of long-term debt, Kimberly. It's the convertibles and it's the $200 million in bonds that matures in December and then the $200 million roughly in Canadian debt that matures in January. On those latter two maturities - so we've already refinanced the convertible. Our intent would be to refinance those other two pieces of debt. We are managing our cash as if the markets will be closed to us and I think we'll make judgments on that as we go through the year in terms of what happens in the credit markets and just how loose it is.  But, you know, our tent, while we've set ourselves up in our plan and given ourselves the amount of liquidity and financial flexibility to pay them down, we would intend to refinance them at this point.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, we said on the year end call, Richard, that the advertising spending would be down year-on-year, but we're still spending at a rate greater than what it was three years ago. And as Carol said, we're obviously getting leverage given the way we're approaching this. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, I want to go back to Paul Lejuez's question. I have enough information here that we'll do some calculations offline.  So what Paul's referring to is we had a 5% increase in the sales at Marmaxx. Ordinarily you would have expected less than that on a 1% comp. Typically on a 1% comp with about 3% square footage growth you would have expected a 4% sales increase; we had 5%. And the difference is all in layaway.  We adjust layaway sales out of our numbers and clearly we had a lower level of layaway this year than we had last year, so we were adjusting more dollars out last year than we are this year, which is leading to about a point of incremental growth. So that's what's driving that delta.  So hopefully I've answered Paul's question and we don’t have to take it offline.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I'll take them one at a time. On EPS, Daniel, we recorded - I'll kind of walk through the quarters - we recorded $0.49 in the first quarter against $0.42 last year, so we'd be up $0.07 through Q1, right? On Q2 we said if we did a flat comp in Q2 we'd generate $0.49. That's the high end of our guidance. So you think flat EPS on a flat comp would give you $0.49 in the second quarter. And then for the balance of the year, if we have flat comps, they generate flat EPS, it would be $0.57 in the third quarter and $0.46 ex the 53rd week in the fourth quarter.  So if we just look at the balance of the year - Q2, Q3, Q4 - if we run a flat comp we generate the numbers I just gave you and we'd be at $2.01.  We've provided updated guidance on Q2, so we're now saying at a flat comp we would generate a slight increase year-on-year - $0.49 versus $0.48 last year - but we're not at this point really prepared to say anything about the back half and probably won't until the second quarter call. So hopefully that's clear.  And on a full year basis, every comp point continues to be worth $0.08, so that's the sensitivity that people can plug into their models. In terms of CapEx, with the new stores - and I'm glad you asked - we would expect CapEx to be $450 to $475 million; before we'd said $450 million. So we think that'll be up slightly versus the prior guidance that we gave you.  And in terms of the cash forecast, with the higher CapEx we'd probably be closer to the lower end of the range. We said our range was to generate $500 to $600 million before any debt retirements and after the buyback and the dividend. So we would now expect to be nearer to the low end of that given the incremental CapEx. And then in terms of merchandise margin, it's really a pure merchandise margin. We report gross profit on our P&L which includes buying and occupancy costs; however, when we talk about merchandise margin on these calls and in our public filings that really represents markon less markdowns less freight expense and less shrink, so it's pretty much a pure merchandise margin.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes. If you look versus - I'd call out two things. One is that the overall gross profit margin was 90 basis points better. We said 110 of that was merchandise margin; 20 went the other way on marked-to-market, so you can infer from that the buying and occupancy costs were flat as a percentage of sales.   In terms of how we performed against, you know, we had $0.11 of EPS upside against the top end. We had $0.49 of EPS against $0.38 at the high end. About $0.06 of that came from sales, $0.06 came from margins, and $0.01 came from [inaudible] and then we gave back $0.02 to $0.03 in the FOREX being a little higher than we planned it. So that's how you get to the variance from what we reported to where we set the high end of the range.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: On Winners margin, I think if you go to the sheet we put out on the website you'll see that whereas we had a 4% - 7% profit margin TY versus 8.4% last year in Winners, when you adjust out the foreign currency stuff, Stacy, that's an 8% this year versus a 9.3% last year. So if you block out marked-to-market, Winners would be down 130 basis points.  Basically we've got merchandise margin decreases being partially offset by SG&A leverage. And we're not going to get too specific amounts, but you've got merchandise margin deleverage greater than that. It's a 130 basis point decline.  And I think the Winners team has done a terrific job of mitigating the pressure that they're seeing on the merchandising margins from having to source goods in more expensive U.S. dollars. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, profit in the second - do not cut the marked-to-market in the second quarter of that, that $20 million of profit, you know, and adjust for that in translation, say, there's like $42 million. We're way above where we'd planned the business and I think that speaks to what Ernie just mentioned about the Winners team. The second item you asked about - 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes. So the cost reductions, I think the way to think about the cost reductions is we had meaningful amounts in Q1. Most of the initiatives will be in place some point in time in Q2, which means we're going to get the majority of the dollars, and we're going to have all the savings in place by the third quarter. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: No, I really don't. I really don't. But I think the point here is that we feel very confident about the 150. Everything we had contemplated doing we've done or are very close to having completed, and we're getting the kinds of savings that we thought we would get.  In terms of May and comp store sales, we looked at this as we set the guidance on a three-year basis, and I think if you take our guidance in the last two years you would see that the second quarter is up an average - it's an average growth of 2%. The first quarter was up 2%.  Now as you correctly point out, the three-year comp for May is up 3%, so clearly that's ahead of the 2%, but I don't think we want to be planning, you know, at the current May run rate as we think about June and July because we're up against some big comps, but more importantly I think there's a lot of uncertainty in this environment. So that's why we [inaudible]. 
