Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman; and Scott Goldenberg. Our first quarter consolidated comp sales increased 1% and earnings per share was $0.64 versus $0.62 last year. Our EPS results were $0.01 below our expectations as the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates was $0.01 more than our guidance assumed. While sales were not as strong as we would have liked, especially in apparel, we were pleased to see overall business trends improve as the quarter progressed, and we are very well-positioned as we entered the second quarter. While we clearly saw dampened consumer demand for apparel in some of our North American regions during the first quarter, having learned from the fourth quarter I am pleased with the way manage our inventory. We were extremely strategic in how we flowed inventories to particular regions and categories. Expenses were also tightly controlled. All of this helped mitigate the impact of markdowns overall. Further, I could not be happier with TJX Europe, which delivered another spectacular quarter. This bodes very well for our future growth plans in Europe as we expand our international footprint. We entered the second quarter with lean inventories, and we see a marketplace absolutely loaded with buying opportunities for quality, branded merchandise. We are well-positioned to take advantage of these opportunities. We are maintaining our EPS and comp outlook for the remainder of the year and are confident we will achieve our plans for 2014. Scott will cover guidance later. On today’s call, I will reiterate the magnitude of the top and bottom line growth opportunities we see for our business. We remain convinced that TJX will grow to be a $40 billion company and beyond. But before I continue I will turn the call over to Scott to recap the numbers.
Carol Meyrowitz: You know what, we learn from every quarter and I think we learned from the fourth quarter, which is why Marmaxx merchandise margins were in pretty good shape. However, if I look back and I said what else could be learned for next year, which is what we do, I would probably feed the warmers zones a little bit heavier, and I would probably again pull back a little bit on the northern regions and switch a little bit in category. So they made some pretty big moves, but I still think there is some room there -- a spectacular quarter. But you know what, we move on and for the year, I am not going to use the world weather too many times because we are excited about the year, and we believe in the model for the year certainly.
Carol Meyrowitz: So obviously, our home business was spectacular as you saw in home goods in Europe. That was pretty consistent in terms of whether the business was great. I will reiterate, every quarter, we evaluate and we have certain businesses that are extremely strong and we are feeding into them. Our inventory position is spectacular right now. We are more open to buy than we had a year ago. We are actually turning faster in Marmaxx than we did a year ago, and as we go through the quarter and as we transition for each quarter, especially first and fourth quarter, we are going to take into consideration all of the patterns that we have seen and do some tweaking with that, and that’s usually how we get better each quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: What we do is, I mean, we look at every single category and we would see certain categories harder in the north that are less weather, we call weather proofing. And then we would see the southern zones of the warmers climate is a little bit heavier and that’s a tweaking we do.
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean ARPU we could have pushed inventories in Marmaxx and have higher sales, but we probably would have add more markdowns and you are always making -- you know you are always balancing that. Having said that, specifically, there are definitely areas that we could put more inventory into that would drives sales in areas that we don’t need to feed. And those are tweaks we would make.
Carol Meyrowitz: Look, first of all, we believe in Europe. We are taking a bit of share from everyone. I mean, we see everyone as our competition. Off-price is very new to Europe not to U.K. because we’ve been there for a long time. But in Germany, it is very new and people are very, very excited about it. In terms of the real estate Ernie and the team had put on quite a few additional people that are seeking sites which is why we are able to increase our count in Germany and obviously go into Austria and we will see how that goes. But it’s a matter of manning it and continuing to build and leverage the infrastructure that we have that took us 20 years to build.
Carol Meyrowitz: Michael, we do a pretty deep analytical study on stores that are next to our stores, stores that are within a mile away, three miles away, five miles away. And quite frankly, we didn’t see the impact when Penney’s comps were substantially down and we’re really not seeing an impact going the other way, but we do a deep dive and we analyze it.
Carol Meyrowitz: There is a little bit of pent-up demand. Ernie and I feel, there are couple of areas that we can execute a little bit better, and our marketing impressions are up 35% in Marmaxx and we're really excited about some of things that we are doing in our loyalty program in Marmaxx.
Carol Meyrowitz: That's also part of our analyzing Q1 into Q2, the weather patterns, all of that. That's where we wanted to put our dollars.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, as I said before, probably, we would certainly be at the high end of our range on looking at the numbers. We can’t come up with an exact specific number but it's pretty clear to us, when we look at the different regions and areas that it was probably about four points in Marmaxx. It was actually more than that in HomeGoods, so it did hit us. In terms of both categories, dresses and juniors are improving. I think we are going to see a substantial improvement in the second quarter and we are working on it. I can't give you specific numbers and I don’t usually do that. But we're working on it. And usually as a company, we fix things pretty quickly.
Carol Meyrowitz: Actually the productivity of our new stores is sensational, to say the least. It just continues to be incredibly strong. We are getting better and better at our sites there. Brand new stores and their performance is incredible, both Marmaxx and HomeGoods actually every chain. We are very happy with new store performance.
Carol Meyrowitz: So you are asking me for some things I’m not going to give you. But what I will tell you is we tested the loyalty program in several markets last year and we saw a substantial increase in the number of visits. And we are rolling that out across the country starting really today through June. So we're pretty excited about it, and there are a lot of special some things like stores opening early for that customer, giving them e-mail information on things that are coming into the store. We have several little trigger points that we have been testing over the last year. So this is very, very exciting to us. So, we will see what happens when it rolls out.
Carol Meyrowitz: I don’t go -- our loyal customers spend a great deal more but more importantly, the visits are substantially up.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Marni, I don’t usually do a deep dive into our categories for competitive reasons. But HomeGoods and Marmaxx was pretty strong, big furniture. We had some issues with some of our big-ticket items. But generally, home across the board was certainly stronger than apparel. I will tell you that women's apparel has increased dramatically coming into May. So we are pretty pleased with that, but across-the-board, the categories were pretty similar in most divisions.
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean, it’s hard to measure very specifically, but I think it's usually a combination of how you market and the number of impressions. So we have a group of things going on, which you will see from TV, social media, Facebook which we have millions and millions of people and it's really a combination. So we are pretty excited about our plans. But I think a big piece of it is going to the loyalty piece of it also. But you can’t measure specific question equal this.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, there is always competition for real estate but we are not having any issues in selling the number of stores we need at the appropriate ROI. And we think that there will probably be some opportunities going forward. There are some specific changes that are certainly not in business and are planning on closing quite a few stores. I think that is going to be an opportunity for us.
Carol Meyrowitz: We are filling to our open to buy hopefully. And Ernie has a complete open-to-buy in Europe, if it’s beyond the 40 stores.
Carol Meyrowitz: No. We’ve laid it out. It was a strategy that we laid out at the end of the year. Again, we learned from the fourth quarter. We look at -- we look at each corner and what it can be. We try to mitigate what we think of the negative impacts. We try to take advantage of what we think are positive and we felt that this was a very good strategy.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah. As far as our inventory levels, we are certainly halfway is not -- we are not going to be halfway leaner, but what we are going to do is continue to deliver the stores more frequently, more freshness, which allows you to have leaner inventories. So there are two things. We still have some room there but in addition, we have some opportunities to feed the stores individually, what's driving their individual sales and that’s what all this investment in systems is all about to the future. And we’re doing some different foundational things that are going to allow us to expand internationally a little bit better than we are today. So we’re really setting things up and investing for the future. That will give us an opportunity to hopefully move a little bit faster.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think, what we’re learning is we’re increasing our SKUs, we’re increasing our categories. We’re very pleased with the business, certainly since the launch. We have in our plans to continue the investment and we're very pleased with it. We want to again make sure that we’re differentiating because we want to build the thing the right way and we keep learning. And I think once we cycle a year, we’ll have a lot more information on newness in customer, what’s bringing us back into brick-and-mortar. We are seeing most of returns coming back to the stores which is terrific. But we’ll have a lot more analytics to it. But our goal right now is just build tjmaxx.com as big as we can get it.
Carol Meyrowitz: I would also tell you David that I think we’re even opening more some additional very unique vendors. So it’s pretty exciting out there.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it’s up to each buyer and what they do is really balance their mix, so we may buy something that are like zero margin and then we think it's appropriate. We put them out. There might be a mix that has high margin. But as I said we’re generally planning our margins slightly up in our big box and we feel we will achieve that with outrageous values.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah. Bridget, we don’t talk about how we differentiate. In fact, specifically the brands have separate marketing agencies, teams. The way we brand is very different and we differentiate in many, many ways and we look at that every day. The buyer that buys for T.J. Maxx and Marshalls is the same buyer, so they have the ability to differentiate. And they know exactly how to ship to a store to make it look different. So that’s been since day one.
Carol Meyrowitz: However, the one thing they do, do is leverage together. It’s great because they can see and say, I want to put this here, I want to put this there. So they really all know what's going on with each other and are able to leverage it.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah. I mean, we’ll start with the competitive environment. We have that all the time. As weather hit a lot of people, most people got aggressive. I think they'll continue to, I think there is a promotional environment. But I think our business model in itself is absolutely terrific and provide very well in all environment. And we will take full advantage of it. Not going to specifically talk about traffic each month but I mean, we’ll improve and it did improve. And we were slightly down with our ticket up for the quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone. And we look forward to reporting on our second quarter. Thank you and thanks Élan.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol, and good morning, everyone. Again, our first quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 1%, and we were pleased to see sales trends pick up as we move through the quarter. Our first quarter comp was driven by an increase in ticket. While customer traffic was slightly down for the quarter, we did see improvement as the quarter progressed. Diluted earnings per share were $0.64 versus $0.62 last year, and $0.01 below the low end of our expected range. The mark-to-market adjustment on our inventory related hedges had a $0.02 negative impact on earnings per share, which was $0.01 more than we contemplated in our guidance. As a reminder, we had a $0.01 negative impact from FX last year. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 11.3% for the quarter, down 50 basis points versus last year due to a decline in gross margins. Gross profit margin was 27.9%, down 50 basis points versus the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to lower merchandise margins versus strong improvement last year and expense deleverage on the 1% comp. In addition, the mark-to-market adjustment I just mentioned also had a negative impact. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was unchanged from last year's ratio as expenses were tightly managed. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses and excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were down 1% in constant currency. This was versus substantial decreases in the last couple of years. We begin the second quarter in a lean inventory position, which enables us to take advantage of the abundant buying opportunities in the marketplace. In terms of share repurchases, during the first quarter, we bought back $360 million of TJX stock retiring 6 million shares. We continue to anticipate buying back 1.6 billion to 1.7 billion of TJX stock this year. In addition, the Board of Directors approved a 21% increase in the per share dividend in April, marking the 18th consecutive year of dividend increases. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our second quarter and full-year fiscal ‘15 guidance at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to fiscal ‘15 guidance, beginning with the full year. We now expect fiscal ‘15 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.05 to $3.17 over $2.94 in fiscal ‘14. We are lowering the high end of the range by $0.02 to reflect our first quarter results in maintaining our outlook for the remainder of the year. As a reminder, fiscal ‘14 included a tax benefit of $0.11. Excluding this benefit, our full year expected EPS would be 8% to 12% over the prior year's adjusted $2.83. We continue to expect consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2%. For the year, we continue to expect pretax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.3%. This would be down 10 to up 20 basis points versus 12.1% in fiscal ‘14. This now reflects expected gross margins of 28.3% to 28.6%, which would be down 20 basis points to up 10 basis points versus fiscal ‘14. And now -- and we now anticipate SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.2%, a 10 basis point improvement versus last year. Foreign currency exchange rates, assuming current levels are now expected to have a $0.02 negative impact on full year EPS versus $0.01 positive impact last year. Now to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.70 to $0.74. This would be a 6% to 12% increase over the last year's $0.66 per share and on top of many years of double-digit EPS growth in the second quarter. We’re assuming second quarter consolidated sales in the $6.8 billion to $6.9 billion range. This is based on expected comp sales growth in the 2% to 3% range on both the consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. Second quarter pretax profit margins are planned to be in the 11.7% to 12.1% range, down 30 to up 10 basis points versus the prior year. We're anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.8%, down 30 to flat versus the prior year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be 16.6% versus 16.7% last year. Foreign currency rates, assuming current levels are expected to have a neutral impact on EPS this year, which is the same as last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 37.7% and net interest expense of about $9 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 708 million. Again, our guidance for the second quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. We appreciate your cooperation with this. Thanks. And we will now open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. So, on the gross profit margin decrease, I mean it was a combination as we said between the merch margin and deleverage on the one comp, so we had 10 basis points due to mark-to-market, a portion also due to buying and occupancy deleverage, and then the rest of it was due to merchandise margin miss. And again, that was a combination of a couple of items. It was due to Canada that we had a miss due to the currency -- the devaluation of the currency compared to the U.S., so the mark on dropped there. We also had some additional mark-ons at both Canada and Marmaxx due to the performance of sales versus our plan at the low end, and that was really -- but having said that as Carol said, Marmaxx still was relatively flat overall, in addition…
Scott Goldenberg: And Daniel if I could just jump in. The other thing is we did keep it as Carol mentioned earlier. We kept inventories lean even in the places where we would get or categories we would get hit by the weather. And so really the liability in terms of any major lumps and the inventories don’t create, that’s one reason there are much nice margins held in there pretty well. Even with the category where the weather was hitting it, we will lean so the liability wasn’t major and that the flexibility. I think when you first talk -- when you talk fourth quarter and first quarter, that’s kind of how we run it all the time. And then we chase. So we generally don’t -- we chase the trends. So we don’t have to own a huge liability really in any category.
Scott Goldenberg: I would also jump in at the weather analysis that Carol was talking about. If you ever did, I guess dollar it out to figure out the impact that would be far greater than junior dress business execution impact. Yeah impact, I think you had asked that in your question.
Scott Goldenberg: And just to mention, we are really in a good place in terms of where we are positioned on new store opening targets going forward, so we are feeling very good about where we look going forward.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. So all the above is built into the plans and all those were built into the original plans. So just to reiterate what Carol said today, our plans for the back half of the year in the second quarter were what we gave or reflected in our February guidance. But in terms of the SG&A, again no major changes. There is some leverage due to anniversarying some spend in our technology investments, some of that is due to our datacenter move which is almost complete, so that some of the benefit in the rest of the year. And also, we had expenses last year in the back half of the year related to some of our home office moves, again which were anniversarying and are built into some of the favorability that are implied in our guidance for the rest of the year.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, David. The market also as Carol mentioned earlier is really loaded and across most categories and across most sectors whether it’s more moderate goods or the better brands. And with that, there is often time, especially given the weather situation, many vendors and manufacturers experienced ramifications of that weather. So we’re seeing some pricing than we’ve seen in the past. Our objective is to always maintain strong relationships with our vendors. So amidst all the better pricing we want to have the consistent approach that is a partnership with our vendor community, but the pricing has definitely gotten sharper over the last I would say 60 days.
Scott Goldenberg: We physically -- and you’re in the U.S. if you look at even the way our HomeGoods stores are fixtured physically from where our Marmaxx stores in the home areas are fixtured, we take a different approach. We make sure that Marshalls and T.J. Maxx physically they look different in size, in addition to what Carol have mentioned. So on all fronts, whether it’s marketing or the physical plan or certainly the merchandise mix, we have plans in place for differentiation.
