Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. So joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. I'm happy to say that once again, I'm extremely pleased with our quarterly top and bottom line results. Our 24% increase in second quarter earnings per share significantly exceeded our original expectation. This marks the seventh consecutive year that our adjusted second quarter earnings per share have grown by 20% or higher. Consolidated comp increased 7%, also well above our plan, and on top of a 4% increase last year. It is great to see our momentum continue and be so broad based. All of our businesses in the U.S., Canada and Europe are on track and delivering excellent results. To underscore that statement, let me give you a quick recap. At Marmaxx, segment profit margin was up 150 basis points. At HomeGoods, it was up 280 basis points. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, TJX Canada's adjusted segment profit was up 80 basis points, and TJX Europe was up 240 basis points. Customer traffic was up significantly over increases last year, which we believe speaks to the strength of our brand, fashion and values. These strong results year after year in good and bad economies demonstrates sustainability of our sales and profit growth. I'll keep my comments brief today and take a somewhat different approach. We believe the numbers speak for themselves, so rather than reviewing divisional results, I will leave more time for Q&A. I'll share with you a few points that may be less visible externally, but internally give us great confidence in our belief that there's still substantial near and long-term growth in front of us. We remain as convinced as ever that TJX will grow to be a $40 billion company and beyond. But before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter consolidated results.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we're planning inventories down again in the second half. And, Richard, we're going to continue to lean up our inventories going forward. And as I said, we're investing in our systems, and we will probably be able to even be finer and more pointed in terms of the right inventory to the right stores in the future. But that's probably another couple of years plus out.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we're very pleased with both Germany and Poland and the U.K. Honestly, all 3 businesses are doing extremely well. So today, we put out there 850 stores. We absolutely think we can be 850 stores. We're taking things slow and carefully and then we'll see where it leads at that point. And obviously, that's just with our current models in those 3 countries today, but we're pretty excited about it.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Kimberly, you know I won't give you all the initiative. But it's mostly driven by customer traffic, again, in the second quarter which is great. And our ticket is pretty much flat, very, very slightly up. But what's even more exciting is the new customers we're getting, we're seeing a lot of younger customers, which is really going to bode well for the future. So we've got some great marketing plans for the back half. I think it's going to be absolutely traffic-driven. So we're pretty excited. I don't see our ticket increasing substantially. We're going after giving extreme value. In terms of just traffic, where is it coming from, we are straight across the board. There isn't an area that isn't -- it's the flattest I've ever seen it across the board in terms of where our comps are. So there's no particular area or region or demographic driving it, really across the board.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Omar, it's really not about the level of inventory. What we're trying to do is speed up, almost on a daily basis, freshness into the store. So when we look at the initiatives that we have in place for the future, we don't look at it as here's the inventory level. We really look at it as that speed to store. So I don't know. It's a great question you just asked in terms of productivity per store because I don't know how high is high, and we ask that question because we're just -- we're at the beginning and obviously, every day, we see more and more opportunity. So the idea of speeding up that freshness and every day and in some stores, even twice a day, delivering to the store plus the in-store initiatives of treating our customers better, we're going to continue to improve the remodels and the things we have to do within the store. So I don't have the answer to the end game. And then the third element to that is we're still not sophisticated to the level that we think we can be in terms of category to the right store. So for example, we have certain stores that are just much better in juniors and the younger customer. We're not great at targeting that perfectly yet. So there's just a lot, a lot of opportunities.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think it's going to -- it's just going to keep eking. As I say, what tends to happen with us is we try something, we see it, and then we're like, "This is interesting, we may have some other opportunities." But this is -- we have 2 big initiatives in place in terms of systems, and they're not going to be simultaneously. We're going to be doing one first and then the second one. In terms of the customers in the second year, I don't -- we don't have data on that. But we just know that we're keeping our customers, and they continue to come back. We're also -- when our customers learn more and more about us and they shop more than one brand, we really see incremental spending. And that's what's exciting about our marketing game plan going forward is getting more customers to not only find us, but to find all 3 brands, let's say in the United States like a HomeGoods, a Marshalls and a T.J. Maxx.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we are looking to increase our store base further. And you're going to see more stores in the future in New York and, honestly, all over because we keep increasing the count. Daffy's isn't that significant. We always tend to gain a little bit if it's near one of our stores. But we don't look at it that way.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Brian, I'm just going to make one other comment, just on the flow-through and going forward. Omar asked a great question in terms of the productivity per store. So again, we don't know the end game. We just know that we've got to -- we execute and we keep the flexibility and our ability to find ways to keep driving sales. It's just going to keep moving us, what we feel in a positive direction. We have lots and lots of seeds, so I really don't know the end game of the comp and the flow through. But we just see tremendous opportunity.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, the majority of it is a scale issue. We've always put the model out there. I think we've put an 8% model out there. And obviously, as we grow, we hope to beat that. Ernie, you have a...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ernie and his team are really looking at all the real estate opportunities though and taking full advantage of it. So we are very, very pleased with what we're seeing, and there's so much destoring, especially in the U.K. that, that's one thing we are not going to miss is taking advantage of that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. So, Patrick, Marmaxx has been -- all of our businesses has been consistently strong across the board. But even where we don't have a JCPenney's, it's very consistent. We don't take the time to analyze that. But I can tell you, across the board, where there isn't Penney's, we're very pleased with our business.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Part of it's a comparison and, again, we want to build our plans and work very hard to beat our plans. That's how we run our business. We try to keep them lean and always strive to be if we can.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The impressions will definitely be up. We're being pretty aggressive on TV, so you're going to see our tri-branding, all 3 businesses coming together. You're going to see gift certificates. You're going to see the ability for the consumer to have the choice when they do gift cards. So we're pretty excited about all of it.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we're not going to get into specific businesses, but we are seeing a younger customer, without a doubt. HomeGoods is probably the one business where we don't have that young teen customer, but don't put it past us to not have things up our sleeves. So our goal is really to keep our customers in that average. We always ran in an average in the high 40s, age wise. Our goal is to keep our customers all ages and to gain new customers and have them for the future. And we're pounding away at that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So, no, in terms of buying organization change. I mean, understand, we really buy from over 15,000 vendors. And we're all over the world. So we continue to try to just spice it up and make it very exciting. So they're just out there paving the pound -- pounding the pavement -- sorry, every day. In terms of our unit basis, we really don't give the -- we don't go into our units by store or unit basis. That information is a little bit on the competitive side.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I can tell you, Jaime, our, every -- all of our new stores are very highly productive, as well as -- that's where our comp is coming from. Number one, our comps have been terrific, and our new store performance across the board has been above plan. So we're just seeing the overall business very strong.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Now to recap our second quarter results. Net sales reached $5.9 billion, a 9% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales were up a very strong 7%. I should point out that this was on top of Q2 comp increases of 3% to 4% in each of the last 6 years. Diluted earnings per share were $0.56, a 24% increase over last year's $0.45 per share and well above our original guidance of $0.47 to $0.50. In terms of the underlying growth rate, it's important to note a couple of factors. Foreign currency exchange rates had a neutral impact on EPS compared to a $0.01 benefit last year. In addition, a higher tax rate in this year's second quarter negatively impacted EPS by $0.01. The consolidated pretax margin was 11.5% for the quarter, well above our expectations, and up 130 basis points over last year. Foreign currency had a 10 basis point negative impact on year-over-year comparisons. Again, as Carol mentioned, excluding the impact of FX, pretax margins increased significantly at all divisions. Gross profit margin increased by a very strong 80 basis points over a 70 basis point increase last year, driven primarily by higher merchandise margins, as well as some buying and occupancy leverage. SG&A expense improved 40 basis points to 16.5%, which was very favorable to our plan. We continue to see very high flow-through to the bottom line. SG&A expense, on a dollar basis, was in line with the high end of our expected range despite sales being about $130 million above plan. Further, the incremental investments to support our growth, including talent and infrastructure, which we have discussed on prior calls, negatively impacted SG&A by 20 basis points, which is slightly less than we expected due to the above-plan sales. As to inventories at the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 12% versus a 16% increase last year. We are extremely happy with our inventory levels. We entered the back half in a very strong position to buy into the terrific opportunities we are currently seeing in the marketplace and continue shipping fresh merchandise selection to our stores. In terms of the share repurchases during the second quarter, we retired 7.1 million shares, buying back $300 million worth of TJX stock. Year-to-date, we have retired 13.6 million shares, buying back $550 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion of TJX stock this year. Now let me turn the call back to Carol. I will provide details on our third quarter guidance and recap guidance for the full year at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Before I get to guidance, I first want to provide some detail on the impact of FX on TJX Canada's profit margins in the second quarter. On a reported basis, TJX Canada's second quarter segment profit margin was down 50 basis points versus last year. As Carol mentioned, on an adjusted basis excluding the impact of FX, segment margins were up 80 basis points over last year, which is more than we would typically expect on a 5% comp. As a reminder, tables are available on our website which lay out the impact of foreign exchange on our international businesses, as well as our consolidated results. Now to fiscal '13 guidance beginning with the full year. As we noted in our press release today, we are raising our guidance for the full year by $0.01 to reflect our second quarter earnings per share. The new guidance calls for full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.39 to $2.45, which would represent a 20% to 23% increase over the adjusted $1.99 last year. As a reminder, we had raised our full year EPS guidance when we announced July sales a couple of weeks ago. That raise was driven by our outlook for higher comp sales for the remainder of 2012. Let me recap the key changes versus guidance we provided on the Q1 earnings call in May. We now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 4% to 5% for the full year compared to our prior guidance of 2% to 3% growth. Also, we now expect pretax profit margins of 11.6% to 11.8%, which is 90 to 110 basis points higher than last year's adjusted margin of 10.7%, and better than the guidance we provided in May of 11.1% to 11.5%. As a reminder, our guidance includes a 53rd week in the fiscal '13 calendar, which we expect will benefit the full year and the fourth quarter by approximately $0.07 per share. On a 52-week basis, excluding the $0.07 benefit, full year EPS would be $2.32 to $2.38, up 17% to 20% over the adjusted $1.99 in fiscal '12. Our plan assumes a negative $0.02 share impact from a higher tax rate of 38.5%. Let me now discuss the back half guidance. We expect EPS to be in the range of $1.28 to $1.34, up 11% to 17% over $1.15 in the prior year. This guidance is now based on comp store sales growth in the 1% to 3% range versus the outlook we provided in May for comps to be flat to up 1%. We're planning pretax margins to be 11.5% to 11.9%, up 10 to 50 basis points over last year. This includes an estimated 10 basis points negative impact from foreign currency. Now I'll move to the third quarter guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.56 to $0.59, a 6% to 11% increase over last year's $0.53 per share. Some of the components are as follows: We're assuming a third quarter top line in the $6.1 billion to $6.2 billion range. This is based on consolidated sales growth in the 2% to 4% range both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. As to monthly comps on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group, we're planning comp sales increases of 5% to 6% in August, 1% to 3% in both September and October. Pretax profit margins for the third quarter are planned in the 11.2% to 11.6% range, down 30 basis points to up 10 basis points over the prior year. This guidance includes an anticipated 30 basis points negative impact from foreign currency. So excluding FX, pretax margins would be flat to up 40 basis points. We're anticipating third quarter gross profit margins to be in the range of 21 -- 28.1% to 28.3%, flat to up 20 basis points versus the prior year. We expect mark-to-market adjustments on the company's inventory-related hedges to negatively impact gross profit margins by approximately 20 basis points. In terms of SG&A, as a percent of sales, we're anticipating a rate of 16.5% to 16.8%, which is flat to 30 basis points higher than last year. This guidance includes an approximately 30 basis point negative impact from the incremental investments to support our growth, which I mentioned earlier. Assuming foreign exchange rates at current levels, FX would have a neutral impact on EPS in the third quarter versus the $0.01 positive impact on Q3 EPS last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.5% in the third quarter, down 30 basis points versus last year. Net interest expense is estimated to be in the $8 million to $9 million range, and we anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 747 million. Our full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.72 to $0.75 compared with $0.62 last year. This guidance reflects comp sales to be flat to up 2%. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And we will open it up for questions now.
Scott Goldenberg: We haven't gotten into any of the detail in terms of ranking them. The major pieces of the corporate expense increase had been what we said before, e-commerce, investment in systems, as Carol talked about, our new data center and increases to support our growth, primarily in talent. In terms of -- we are on plan on a full year for the corporate expenses we laid out for those items. The only change -- significant change from the first half to the back half, which it is moderating as we said on the last call, is the increase in our incentive accruals because of our above-plan results. And that makes up the majority of the difference between our original plan and our full year plan now.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. Let me -- so I'm going to be going through the full year guidance. Just as a note, all the numbers I'm going to be going through are on a 53-week basis. So let me start -- I'll just go through each division starting with Marmaxx. Marmaxx comps for the full year are 4% to 5%, with a pretax margin of 14.3% to 14.4%. It's against last year's 13.6%, so a pretax margin change of 7 -- plus 70 to 80 basis points. HomeGoods' full year comps, 5% to 6%; 11.8% to 11.9% against last year's 10.6%, so an increase of 120 to 130. Canada, 3% to 4% comp; 13.5% to 13.6% x F, so x foreign currency, against 12.8% on a comparable basis. FX last year were up 70 to 80 basis points. Europe, 6% to 7% comp, 5.5% to 5.9%, again, all on x FX against last year's 2.4% comparable number or up 310 to 350 basis points. And again, just repeating what we said earlier in the script, a 4% to 5% full year comp where we're 90 to 110 basis points, again, over last year, and the same on -- with and without x foreign currency adjustments.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, certainly, it's something we've been, as you know, by the number of remodels we're doing in that 300-plus range this year and we always try to get -- we feel real good about the remodels, and we try to get them done early in the year in terms of the capital spending. Thus far, year-to-date, we have completed the majority, almost 275 of our remodels. So that's something -- that's usually how we plan it every year. But we still -- we haven't given out plans for the future, but it's still a big part of our capital spend program for the next few years.
Scott Goldenberg: So in terms of the investments for this year, again, we haven't specifically addressed all the details. But on a full year, they're impacting us approximately 30 basis points this year. In terms of going forward, we expect them to moderate. I think as we've called out before, in terms of us -- on our SG&A rate, on our model, which we do on a 1 to 2 comp, we expect to be flat to slightly leverage. If we beat the 2 comp, then we will leverage on -- leverage the SG&A. So that's no real change there, other than we expect to moderate our incremental investments going forward.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I mean, again, we certainly love having the flexibility of slightly more cash than we might need. But we, I think, over time, we have, as Carol pointed out, was in the script, increased that dividend and also that we've been, over time, increasing the shareholder buyback. So I think we remain committed to that.
