Carol M. Meyrowitz: So good morning again. And joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. Scott, who, as you know, was promoted to CFO earlier this year, will be reviewing the financial results and answering the financial questions on today's call and going forward. Jeff will be continuing in his current role as Chief Administrative Officer, focusing a bit more of his time on long-term strategies. So let me begin by saying, I'm extremely pleased with our first quarter performance. Consolidated comps increased 8% on an adjusted basis. Earnings per share grew 41% over last year. It is great to see our strong performance continue and be so broad-based with all of our divisions delivering excellent results in the U.S., Canada and Europe. We saw significant increases in customer traffic in the first quarter over last year. We believe this speaks to our wide customer demographic reach, our values and merchandise mix being right. We are convinced value remains a top priority across the board, and we continue to strive to raise the bar on offering the right fashions and right brands at the right prices. As proud as I am of our first quarter, our focus remains on execution and doing a better job in every area of our business to drive sales and margins. We have many exciting growth opportunities and are convinced as ever we can grow TJX to be a $40-billion company and beyond. But before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our first quarter results.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Debt, okay. We're having a hard time, I don't know what's going on. But we'll do our best here. [Technical Difficulty] In terms of the marketing spend, our marketing spend is pretty flat. However, our impressions are up as we're leveraging all of our corporate marketing initiatives, you're going to see it's a lot more in the back half. So I feel like we're really, really doing a terrific job of leveraging. As last year, we've really kicked it up for our gift giving in fourth quarter. And I think this year, we're going to have a really fantastic campaign, so we're excited about that. We don't give -- we don't break down how we're spending social networking versus how we're communicating to the customer. And quite frankly, that's something we keep a little bit private. In terms of our investment for the year, I'll have Scott go through it, but we are on plan. It's -- we have a little bit of an increase in the second quarter, which is timing. But to the year, our investments are right on plan, including all of the elements we've talked about from supply chain to e-commerce to the office to the infrastructure. So we have a little bit of a timing. And then, Scott, I think the other question was on debt. So Rich, could you just -- can you just repeat the last question, I apologize.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, absolutely across the board and that includes new stores and old stores, so we're really pleased. I mean, it's straight across the country and in all demographics. In terms of the traffic, we analyzed that, and we are seeing new customers in that our average age is decreasing a little bit and a large percent of our new customers are younger customers. But I don't have the exact percentages, but a lot of the traffic is new customers.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay, well in terms of the stores sourcing, I mean that is our secret sauce. But a very high percent of our sourcing is done in Europe, and it is very specific by country. So we have really learned what the mix needs to be by country. In terms of our merchants, we keep needing -- adding offices. And again, we're not going to discuss the countries that we're going to be adding people in, but what we're trying to do is obviously make a very unique, exciting assortment. So when you look at HomeGoods, we're in countries that you would never expect us to be in. But it's all about the excitement. We talked about 700 people in our merchandising organization. We're continuing to grow that. We have a huge, huge training program. We bring in hundreds of kids each year, and that's being built -- we're putting a lot into our bench strength and infrastructure because that is what's going to make us really special to the future. But in the end, it's the sourcing and it's our vendor relationships that make us special.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Paul, in addition to that, our guys travel constantly. So a big, big piece of our sourcing is not just people being on the ground but groups traveling quite a bit together. I mean, a buyer's life here is a lot of travel.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay, well, first of all, we -- I'm going to put the economy aside because we always believe that it has nothing to do with the economy, it has to do with our execution. And I think you got to remember that we're really the only off-price vehicle in Europe. So I'm going to come back to it's all about our execution. The highest -- Europe has been over 7%. I think we're certainly making headway, and Scott will go through what we're thinking for the year for Europe. We don't know what the end game is. I can only tell you that we have a long way to go, and I think both Ernie and I feel there's tremendous opportunity there. We're happy with what we're accomplishing. I think we still have a long way to go. I would not sit here and say that we're there and everything is perfect. It's far from it. We've learned a tremendous amount. So I don't know what the endgame is. Ernie, you want to comment on...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: However, I don't think there are any -- or I would be happy with these comps. So hopefully, we'll beat them.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's certainly teaching us categories. It's teaching us how to work in the off-price sector, which is a little bit different. But we are understand -- we are learning about the customer. We're learning about average order. We're learning about number of in-baskets. We're learning about communication. So the fact that we started in Europe has been terrific. And again, I'm not going to share my secret sauce, but Ernie has done some very interesting things over there. And their e-commerce business is getting stronger and stronger.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Of course not. I'm sorry, Adrianne. Probably when we do launch, we're going to be very happy. And that's our goal, that we feel really good about what we're launching.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I just think that we're focusing on doing a better job of what we do every day. The market is absolutely loaded. We're very particular. I think we're building our relationships. And I think, to me, I always look at how special our stores look, and I'm proud of our stores. I think there's still room to bring our inventories down. I think there's still room for more freshness. I think there's still lots of room for improvement. But I always measure it and say, "Do we look better than we looked a quarter ago? Do we look better than we looked a year ago?" And that's really how we look at our business.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, as you know, we're planning our comps conservatively. If you look at the back half, the last 9 months, for every comp, it's about $0.05. For the back half the last 6 months, for every comp, we're looking at $0.02 to $0.03. We like the plan conservatively. Ernie and I want very much to beat our plans, and that's what we've strive for. And it's all about execution. So it's execution. I think there's still have room, as I said before, to decrease our inventory level. But it's just doing a better job everyday. So we think we have good conservative numbers in the back half, and we won't be happy if we don't beat them.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The 220 basis points increase in margin has a 40 basis points benefit from FX. So x FX, it's the 180 basis points.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, it's really the 18 to 35 year old that we're gaining that range. So it's really right in the sweet spot of where you want the future consumer to be. And obviously, we're keeping our older customer, the Maxxinistas of the world.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, as I said, we're really strong across the board. Both apparel and home has been really terrific. I think there's tremendous color changes this year. I think we're feeling pretty good about the fashion. But Ernie will tell you, men's, kid's, it's really strong across the board.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's a very good weather-proofing model, and that's a different way to look at it. It mitigates the risk factor.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's going to be slightly up, but most of it should come from traffic. And again, remember, we are planning our comps flat to 1%. So we're betting on beating that, and I think we have some great plans in terms of our marketing and our mix to drive that. But it's going to be mostly traffic, slightly in tickets.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, some of it is going to depend on the real estate because that's certainly was a big chunk in the past, so that remains to be seen. It's going to depend on the combination of pan-European and leveraging. So as I said before, we're not sure how high is high. I think we're going to learn more over the next several years. Scott, you have a...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: [indiscernible] 875-store mark within the countries we're in so, again, that remains to be seen. If that number increases within the countries that we're in or neighboring countries then, again, that will change.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we really don't break it down, the same thing in Canada. So we -- I really -- I can't break it down for you. We do it as a total segment.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the 3-year trend was the high-teens, and the quarterly trend is pretty similar to that, Mark. Yes, in terms of -- we don't have the numbers on the rural -- on a breakdown of all the stores within Marmaxx, and we don't usually break that down. But I can tell you that, again, as we go into the rural areas, we're finding that we, again, see more and more possibilities for additional stores. You got to remember that even our $4 million and $5 million stores make tons of money for us. So that's what we're finding more exciting. However, I'll keep coming back to we're learning, and I believe we can still do a better job at targeting the stores, the right goods, the right stores and still bringing our inventories down a bit.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And so that's why your leveraging just keeps coming in, especially in the Marmaxx chain and, hopefully, HomeGoods will be doing the same.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think in the end, it really comes down to mix. You know how viral things are and word-of-mouth. And I listen to the kids, and they talk about us now. And years ago, you didn't hear as many young people talking about us, and we're kind of a cool place to go now. So I think it's very different. And I think that's, again, what Ernie and I keep working on is making that better and better every day.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're going to answer that by saying, yes, everyday. I mean, seriously, their mix and their freshness, they're such an exciting store. I filled up my trunk last week, and I have to stop doing that because my husband is going be furious with me.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We aren’t -- yes, we’re starting to see a younger customer, and it's a great vehicle for young people who are starting out and getting their first apartment. We've seen some amazing things. People coming in with u-hauls and trucks, and it's absolutely fascinating. But it's a fun, fun brand. It really is.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, no, because obviously in the past, we've performed very well when we execute. I don't -- look, Europe is pretty bad right now. If you look at Ireland and you look at outside of London, the economies are -- it's pretty devastating, and we're performing pretty well. So again, I don't think we -- I keep coming back to execution. I just keep coming back to that. And whether it's a good economy or a bad economy, if we do our job, we do well. Thank you, everyone, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter to you. Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning everyone. Before I begin, I just want to say how excited I am to be in my new role. As Sherry noted at the top of the call, unless otherwise indicated, the adjusted numbers we refer to in today's remarks exclude the impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation in the first quarter of fiscal '12. Now to recap first quarter fiscal 2013 results. Net sales reached $5.8 billion, an 11% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales were up a very strong 8%. As Carol mentioned, significant increases in customer traffic drove this growth, with average ticket slightly up. Diluted earnings per share were $0.55, a 41% increase over last year's adjusted $0.39 per share and well above our original guidance of $0.45 to $0.47. Foreign currency rates had a positive impact on year-over-year comparisons with a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share this quarter versus last year's $0.02 negative impact, primarily related to mark-to-market adjustments on our inventory-related hedges. I should note that the $0.01 negative impact this year was not contemplated in our original guidance. The consolidated pretax profit margin was 11.8% for the quarter, well above our expectations and up 220 basis points over last year's adjusted margin. Strong flow-through of our above-plan sales to the bottom line drove the large majority of this increase, with 40 basis points due to the positive FX impact I just discussed. With a comp of 8%, we would typically expect pretax margin improvement of 120 basis points. In the first quarter, excluding the impact of FX, pretax margins improved 180 basis points, with almost half of the increase from merchandise margins. Gross profit margin was up significantly, 130 basis points over last year's adjusted margin. Most of the increase was in merchandise margin, with some buying in occupancy leverage on the above-plan comp. Further, there was the positive impact of foreign currency I just mentioned. On an adjusted basis, SG&A expense was 90 basis points favorable from last year, driven by expense leverage on the above-plan comp. During the first quarter, we had $250 million of incremental sales above the high end of our expectations combined with adding very little incremental SG&A dollars. Another factor was the timing of certain expense items in last year's first quarter, including absorbing talent and certain costs from our A.J. Wright division, which we did not anniversary this year. This essentially offset the impact of our investments in the first quarter in growth-related initiatives. As to inventories, at the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 7% versus a 12% increase last year. We are extremely happy with our inventory levels. We entered the second quarter in a great position to capitalize on the opportunities we are currently seeing in the marketplace and continue shipping fresh assortments to our stores. In terms of share repurchases during the first quarter, we retired 6.5 million shares, buying back $250 million worth of TJX stock. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion of TJX stock this year. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our guidance for the second quarter and the full year at the end of the call.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now to fiscal '13 guidance, beginning with the full year. We are raising our outlook for full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.27 to $2.37, which represents a 14% to 19% increase over the adjusted $1.99 last year. As a reminder, this guidance includes a 53rd week in the fiscal '13 calendar, which we will -- which we expect will benefit the year and fourth quarter by approximately $0.07 per share. On a 52-week basis, excluding the $0.07 benefit, full year EPS would be $2.20 to $2.30, up 11% to 16 % over the adjusted $1.99 in fiscal '12. 4 Let me recap the key changes versus the guidance we provided on the February earnings call. We now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 2% to 3% for the full year compared to our original guidance of 1% to 2%. We also expect pretax margins of 11.1% to 11.5%, which is 20 to 30 basis points above our original guidance and 40 to 80 basis points higher than last year's adjusted margin of 10.7%. This excluded 30 basis points from the negative impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation versus the reported margin of 10.4%. Now to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.47 to $0.50, a 4% to 11% increase over last year's $0.45 per share. We're assuming a second quarter top line in the $5.7 billion to $5.8 billion range. This is based upon comp sales growth in the 2% to 4% range both on a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. Now to monthly comps. With May off to a strong start, we are planning comp sales to increase approximately 5% for the month on a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. For both TJX and Marmaxx, we are planning comps to be flat to up 2% in June and 1% to 3% in July. Pretax margins for the second quarter are planned in the 10.0% to 10.4% range, down 20 basis points to up 20 basis points over the prior year. This assumes a 10 basis points negative impact from FX. Second quarter year-over-year comparisons are also negatively impacted by 30 basis points due to the timing of incremental investments to support our growth. It is important to note, we are expecting the SG&A rate in the back half to leverage slightly on an estimated flat to 1% comp increase. Further, there has been no change to annual spending for corporate expenses since we provided guidance in February. We're anticipating second quarter gross profit margins to be in the range of 27.2% to 27.4%, down 10 to up 10 basis points versus the prior year. We are planning merchandise margins to be up, partially offset by an expected negative 10 basis points impact from FX. We're expecting second quarter SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 16.8% to 17.0% range, down 10 to up 10 basis points versus last year's ratio of 16.9%. As I just mentioned, this guidance reflects 30 basis points of incremental growth-related investments. Foreign exchange rates assuming current levels are expected to have a $0.01 positive impact on EPS in the second quarter, the same as the 1% positive impact on Q2 last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.5%. It should be noted that this is a higher tax rate than last year's second quarter, which has about a $0.01 negative impact on Q2 EPS this year. Net interest expense is estimated to be in the $8 million to $9 million range. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $752 million. [Operator Instructions] And we will now open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Hey, Richard, I think in terms of our long-term debt, as you know, we have $775 million, with nothing coming due in the at least short term. We have no plans at this point in time. We enjoy our financial flexibility that we have. Having said that, we will always keep ourself open for what we'll do in the future. But what I think the major factor right now is keeping the financial flexibility.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. For the full year, we're now guiding Europe to a 5.2% to 5.8% segment margin. Segment margin again, 5.2% to 5.8%, just went up, pause for a second, say that, that's -- these numbers are on a 53-week basis. That's a 280 to 340 basis points improvement over last year on a 4 to 5 comp. And again, an improvement over our original guidance for Europe, which was 4.9% to 5.4%. So embedded in these numbers for the last 9 months for Europe is a segment margin of 6.2% to 6.8% versus last year's 4.4% on a 2 to 3 comp. So just again a reminder, going back a few years, our segment margin profit for Europe was as high as 7.2%. So we're making progress to reach that level again and then hopefully exceed it, and we're pleased with the current momentum that we now see in Europe.
Scott Goldenberg: I think, David, the one thing, there's nothing structurally in the store expenses and margin that Carol was talking about. I think it's just getting to the size of the Marmaxx business with the almost 2,000 stores where you're getting that leverage. I think that's the only -- that's the fundamental difference. But everything else in Europe, as we've stated, other than merchandising is that we're leveraging behind the scenes, distribution, et cetera.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. Let me give you just some color in terms of corporate expenses and expenses in general. Corporate expenses were up $13 million in the first quarter. They're planned to be up approximately $20 million in the second quarter. And that, again, as we've talked about in the script today, the largest increase, with the majority of that increase due to investment spending. If we break the year into the first and second half; the first half increases are in the $30 million to $33 million range, with the back half a little less than $10 million. So we've had as I stated earlier, fundamentally no change to our annual spending for corporate expenses since we originally gave guidance. So really, it's all about timing related to the spend. And as we've, I think, talked about earlier, most of the investment spending is reflected in the corporate expenses. So in the back half, we're able to leverage this, as we've stated, on the 0 to 1 comp, that we're able to leverage our SG&A slightly. And as we mentioned, I think we've talked a little bit about before, as we move further on, going even past the second half of this year, we expect our incremental investments to level off in fiscal '14 and beyond. So I think it's a timing issue and, again, at the leveraging in the back half of the year on that 0 to 1 comp.
Scott Goldenberg: I just -- a point on the rural stores. The volumes are less than the chain average, but the quality of the margin that we get in those stores is equal to the chain average we are quite good in those.
Ernie L. Herrman: A few satellites. We try not to get specific. They're not as meaningful. Some of smaller ones, but we do have this coverage and it flexes. Sometimes, we flex with the smaller offices in terms of how many people are there. Yes, we do.
Ernie L. Herrman: Paul, I would say it's a little of both. But really some of the growth is, we've already positioned these other hub offices, I would call them, in places we're happy. So the growth is actually happening in those satellite -- the current offices and a little less so really in opening more satellite offices. So I would say, the growth is more in our current offices.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, Brian, I think a couple of things we feel much better about in Europe are that the people overall, the merchants and the field organizations are more seasoned than they were a year ago. So that's been a big plus, and that's been a mission. We put in place a couple of additional training people to help with that. As Carol mentioned earlier, even on other businesses, our secret sauce is the way we buy goods. And so we have really ramped up the way we are going to train our younger merchants there and bring them onboard. When we had the dramatic growth we talked about this before on the calls and when we had the dramatic growth earlier; we had a little bit of strain on the organization in that respect. I feel much better about the way we're positioned now in terms of the -- again, the experience of the people and the management and the training programs we have in place to keep those people on track. And we're back on, certainly, I would say, in that environment on delivering the better value to the stores, which is how we're capturing, I think, market share in those environments just like we did in the states when that happened. So where is it coming from? I guess we don't concentrate too much on that as much as we expect when we deliver the right value and stick to the core fundamentals of the off-price business, that we will capture that incremental market share. So we're feeling better.
Ernie L. Herrman: It has been. And I think one of the -- I think you're asking about how does it tie in to the model and the way we operate. The advantage to this model, and we talked about it before, is the flexibility and the close-ins tying it, it allows our buyers to capitalize on fashion trends or even weather trends. So if the weather is working one way or another, it can create opportunities in the marketplace for us to get goods at a different or a better value. In terms of the fashion, we're able to read products. We're north, south, everywhere in the states, so we can read products and buy close-in purchases and still take advantage of those fashion trends in all the different fashion areas of the company. And interestingly enough, that happens to be a place that Carol and I have talked about as an opportunity for the back half here and just to do a little bit better job in our fashion areas. But the model plays well in allowing us to do that.
Ernie L. Herrman: David, we're always very cognizant here value as we are here on what the out-the-door value is relative to all the competition. So we never -- that will always determine that. We weren't just saying, we can get this for our retail. Having said that, that would be, I'll just echo what Scott said, our issue there will not be on pricing. It's more just the scale, I think, of the whole business. And as Carol alluded to, we don't know but we are -- again, as you can see, we are on the track now where we can start to look for real estate opportunities down the road here.
