Gregory Johnson: Well, hello and thank you for joining us this morning. In addition to Ken Lewis and myself we have Tom Regner with us today. And Tom is the Head of our U.S. Advisory Services responsible for both the retail and institutional business in the U.S. The fiscal 2016 was challenging in many respects as performance headwinds led elevated outflows, but expense management capital return were clearly positives. I'm encouraged by improving performance trends with several flagship funds as I mentioned in my comments this morning. Franklin Income Fund was ranked in the top decile of its peer group on a one-year basis and we saw improvements in all major asset classes overall primary timeframes this quarter. Furthermore the global bond fund has had significant outperformance in the month of October month-to-date returning over 5% through the 25th beating its benchmark by over 800 basis points in its peer group by more than 600 basis points. I'd like to now open it up for your questions. Thank you.
Gregory Johnson: I mean I think it's tough to really estimate what effect it could have on sales, but I think it clearly has been very disruptive, to the advisors business right now and sorting out, what is going to happen. I think from the last call you know we continue to make a lot of progress a lot of work being done. On getting ready for April I think you know the good news is that there seems you know our concerns always been that it's not workable to come out with a different pricing structure for every broker dealer out there and we seem to be narrowing those options down to hopefully two. And then you saw the recent you know announcement around a plain share class or super class or whatever you want to call them and you know having more of a stripped down version available at some point in the future that that could be an option as well where you have you know the pricing handled at the broker dealer level. All of that you know I think is happening the question about what effect will it have I think you know the net effect there was some surveys done that said one said you'll have 10% to 15% less advisors out there. I think that some would retire the transition is going to be very difficult to go to the new model. So I you know I think that that can be disruptive as well. And I just think overall you know our sense is once we get past this you’ll get to a more normalized environment but right now it is a very disruptive force for the advisor you know last Tom Regner who's been involved more day-to-day if he has anything to add.
Gregory Johnson: I guess by the way I would answer this question is it’s hard to say exactly what we do, because we would have to see what the new rules are if and when they come out, but I just point back to what we did in the last time, which was probably over 10 years ago now, we repatriated the cash, and I’d like to pay the special dividend. So those are all the options, but we would definitely try to take advantage of whatever was in the best interest of shareholders based on the law.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, I’ll start and again I have Tom, because we figure those questions would come up today the DOL and specifically VA. And have a very strong business in that area sub-advising as well as separate funds that are for the annuity business. And really many of the large players that we grew I think at a high of about $70 billion in assets in that category. Many of the big names have gotten out of that business and as they wind down the assets, many are going to in-house and passive or low volatility strategies and we’re trying to capture as much as that transition is possible, but it has put a large block of business in transition at risk. I think for next quarter, we’re estimating another $2.6 billion in outflows and today we’re at $35 billion approximately in assets that are remaining. And I’ll let Tom, if you have anything to add on the business itself.
Gregory Johnson: And I just think it’s still early to kind of forecast there’s a lot of people that would argue that the amount of money in motion. It could slow down because the tax considerations to that if you have taxable gains and one you can’t take and move it to another and this obviously outside of the retirement world. And then how the incentives line up post this changed as well and then that could affect behavior on how assets moves and just stay old versus new, if just would all move at once.
Gregory Johnson: No, I mean I don't think it changes the mindset. I think in that case there was a clear benefit for the two firms to get into two different markets and leverage the distribution of each side to do that. I think the consensus out there of consolidation does create a wave of consolidation that obviously this is a slower growth business, it's a more mature business and one way to gain efficiency is through consolidation. So I think companies as I've said before are going to be much more open to looking at that avenue to create value.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, I mean I think as far as the preparation and effect, I mean management fees is something that again, I mean this is a extremely competitive business, we all see the battle versus passive every day. So the pressure on management fees is there regardless of DOL or not. I think the question around your product lineup and it's something that maybe Ken touched on a little bit on just where do we see potential savings and streamlining and what is DOL I think probably for us pushes us further down that path of trying to simplify the lineup and rationalize funds that may in a post DOL world may not fit neatly into more of an advisory model versus the traditional brokerage model, those are the debates we’re having internally now and that could create some efficiencies. But I think from a cost side this is a business that every basis points going to matter and I think the good news and some outcomes of the DOLs as you are going to have a lower front end sales charge that will help with some of your relative rankings. And then as we said I think in our announcement that Morningstar, is now on the A shares is not going to use the maximum charge because most of it's done it at net asset value and that's going to make us more competitive where we see a lot of our funds will increase its star rating. So I think those are very positive outcomes and I think our concern of having 35 share classes at least now we feel like we will only have to add a few.
Gregory Johnson: I think it is not so much that it’s other projects and initiatives that are underway. Particularly in the part of the business that does things like fund accounting and pricing and all that. I think that’s we’re trying to invest in technology to make sure that we can scale that going forward and support all of the – all of the product demands that are out there in the industry. So it’s more of that unless really of the DOL. I mean we think we have a lot of share classes. We think that we can do that with just incremental spend but not too much.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, I mean I think obviously there's a lot more opportunities to go out and just target a strong investment manager and bolted on to your existing distribution system and that's one that certainly in markets that we've talked about before and you know the pound so weak that makes the UK more attractive market despite Brexit we see that as a more of a near-term opportunity to acquire something that that would be you know additive to our lineup and strengthen our presence in a market where we don't really have a strong presence in the U.K. Outside of that I think the others become much more difficult and you know a larger one. That is much harder to do and much more disruptive obviously to the entire organization, but one that you know in the right situation again is something that we would certainly look at but I think it is much more difficult to execute.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, I think was exactly the question I had to our group early this morning when I was like going through some of the numbers I thought that stood out on hybrid gross dropping and there are some other moving parts in that number is actually the Franklin income fund, its gross sales were exactly level quarter-over-quarter despite that the number of hybrid declining it had almost exactly the same level of gross and that’s the key driver that some other parts in that, I mean K2 falls into the hybrid category and that had a little bit of a drop off quarter-over-quarter. So that contributed to the gross number dropping down. But I think it – we are very optimistic that that fund should continue to be a strong driver of outflows in this kind of environment and I think it takes a little bit of time for people to realize that it’s back in the top decile for the one-year and you have a lag effect of energy prices and what that did to a lot of funds and I look at across the lineup and I am very encouraged right now. I think we talked about in the past as a value, with a value discipline, you tend to get more energy exposure than sometimes the market and a lot of that has come back along with materials and whether it’s our high yield area, the income fund area and hybrid, Templeton area and Mutual Series all of our rising dividend fund, all those funds now are performing very well. So I would hope that we will get some momentum back now on the strong one-year numbers and actually our hybrid and equity assets, 75% of them are in the top two quartiles for the one-year. So I think that’s a big change from where we were six months ago.
Gregory Johnson: I think I try to answer that, before that I think the pressure on fees is there. I think those components of your overall fees, which are in a state of flux and you can look at parts like the revenue share piece in it, you do away with that that’s going to make it a little bit easier to lower overall management fees and make you more competitive on that basis. Other areas, I think distributor retention, the historic number that actually was going away anyway over time. But that goes away immediately if you give a pricing at the broker dealer level in these new class of shares. But as the world was transitioning more to advisory, the traditional A share was getting smaller and smaller as part of our business, so that changes as well. TA fees all of those things, sub-TA fees all of those are again in a state of flux. So I think it’s early, but just to say that it puts everything kind of in play at this stage.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. I mean I think that’s a good question and I think our initial reaction is it should be okay, but I think again it’s too early for us. This just came out. We’re assessing it. And I think that’s the obvious one you’re going to look at and see how it works, but too early to really give you a definitive answer one way or another.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think it depends on how you’re performing against the passive. I think you’re never going to be passive on price is the consensus view like it is today that passive will outperform that’s not a view I share and I think in the next decade, I think active do very well. And then if you outperform the passive pricing becomes less of an issue. But I think the world is overly focused today strictly on price and isn’t really looking at anything else and I think that will change as well. But again as I’ve said before I think any industry that’s slower growth and has a lot of managers out there is going to be continued pressure on pricing, but an active manager you’re not – if the consensus view is passive is a way to go, you’re not going to increase your business by cutting your fees in half, it’s just you're not going to get there.
Gregory Johnson: I think you are absolutely right. I think that you have to be more flexible that’s something we certainly are doing in the institutional market right now, we’re looking at new categories for us and coming with more of a performance based type fee because I think that fits what people are willing to do that will pay for more alpha. I think that the openness to consider those something we have to do right now because of the consensus view you know on passive versus active. So I think that that is something that we are studying as well on just making sure our fees are competitive in markets and whether that means cutting into profits to maintain share, I think that’s that something you have to consider.
Gregory Johnson: Those all sound attractive. And I think we continue to look at anything that would make sense and I wouldn't rule out any of those different scenarios.
Gregory Johnson: I think I spoke about that earlier that the merger of equals is difficult for a lot of reasons especially as you get this big, but they can be – that are done and executed properly they could add a lot of value over time. The easier one is just going out and buying a strong player in the market. That’s available, that's not always easy to do, but specific to that market that would be attractive to us. But again, I just wouldn't rule out any of those scenarios.
Gregory Johnson: Well, thank you everyone for participating on the call. And again, we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
Tom Regner: So we’re spending a lot of time getting ready for next April. On the retail side, we’re doing a lot of training and kicking off some internal training for both the internal team and the external sales team because we’re moving towards an advisory business, which is really selling funds within a portfolio of context, which is different than we have and our competitors have been doing that so. We’re getting ready as fast as we can for that change.
Tom Regner: Yes, Greg covered what’s going on well. What we’re doing in response is we have established dedicated insurance solutions group within our overall solutions portfolio approach and where we’re developing portfolios that have less basis risk. I mean one of the issues is with the insurance companies that there was a high basis risk in some of their underlying portfolios for the VA contracts. So we’re working on reducing that. I think you’ll see in the next four or five days, one of the top five insurance companies by sales is going to be announcing a new VA living benefit that’s backed by a customized Franklin Templeton portfolio. So we’re working very hard to make sure that we stay relevant with the firms that are staying in the business.
Tom Regner: Yes. I don’t think that you’re going to see a pickup in redemptions. There are some awfully attractive living benefits out there historically, which frankly hurt some of the insurance companies. I think what you’re going to see though is initially there’s going to be a slowdown in sales within the VA business because the commissions are coming down, there is no question about that, there’s going to be shorter surrender time. So the VA business is going to be in a state of flex, but we know from working with our clients that we work with the top five in the industry that they’re not standing still, right. So they are coming out and will be coming out with new products to stay relevant in the new – with the new DOL legislation.
Tom Regner: No, I mean I don’t know that there’s going to be I mean look people still need to invest, they still need to retire they still need to provide for college education. As Greg mentioned that it’s going to be difficult for some advisors because a lot of the business is going advisory. I think that the number is you need to have about $30 million as an advisor of assets under management to have a viable business. So it’s going to be hard for some people to stay in business if they don’t have a sizable book. So there will be some transition in the advisors themselves, but there’s still a very, very strong demand that’s not changing.
Tom Regner: Yes. I mean what we’re seeing in the U.S. is a re-risking of portfolios if you look at the public pension plans that are severely under funded, they need higher return. So they’re starting to look at portfolios or asset classes that provide a high risk adjusted return. So I think that speaks well for some of the capabilities that we have on a global basis in fixed income and as Greg pointed out with value coming back that that speaks well for Templeton group too. But they have to re-risk those portfolios and we want to participate. 
Tom Regner: Yes, this is Tom. So that’s a good observation. We’ve actually added to the SMA business. It had been kind of a – if you will a quiet part of the retail business, but we’ve added to it over the last two years. We’ve moved into our private wealth division because we think that there is a big role for that in the high net worth part of our business. And we’re working on adding some ESG screens to that part of the business as well, because we’re seeing that as a kind of an increasing demand in the high net worth business. So good observation, we’re building it up.
Tom Regner: I mean that’s a great point. We have one very large client, so they are not going to take any revenue sharing post at April and any new assets they put in the books. And we have another large clients that now they’re going to continue to look at revenue share as part of the business. So we’ll see how it plays out.
Tom Regner: Yes. So to Greg’s point, we’ve added significantly to the ETF distribution team and they’re working with our 100 or 90 to 100 wholesalers to leverage up them as subject matter expert, so that's on the building brand part of the business. But we’re quite excited to be able to have – you will hear them we are going to be building out more of our strategic beta platform because we want an advisor to be able to come to Franklin Templeton and we want to be able to build a portfolio that is either fully active or is partially strategic beta, partially fully active frankly are agnostic, we want them to be able to come to us to build out a fully featured, fully diversified portfolio, so as it we’re all in on that initiative.
Tom Regner: Yes. I think that you’ve seen Merrill Lynch, JPMorgan, I think today Commonwealth came out and they said look we’re going to treat the non-retirement business exactly like we’re treating the retirement business because it’s just too complicated to do something different. We’ll see if that trend continues, but it’s likely to if you think about it especially dealing with the same customer with their retirement assets and then their non-retirement assets and trying to explain to them why there's different pricing.
Tom Regner: Let’s start with the last part of the question first. As you move to an advisory business model, if you're charging 1.5%, you want to make sure that the underlying investment fees are if you will cost effective, right. So there is – as Greg’s pointed out, there's a heightened interest in management expenses and that's going to continue that’s one of the reasons that we launched our strategic beta lineup because we want to be able to play in more of an active space within the retail business. What we're seeing from advisors is frankly there's a lot of confusion because a lot of advisors have built a commission based business and that's where you're selling a product to a client. Now they're being looked at as having to or being required to build portfolios. That's a very different business model. That's a very different skill set. So we're working, again we're doing extensive training internally to be able to work with advisors to help them with that. And as Greg pointed out, we started building out our investment platform team seven, eight years ago because the platforms if you will, the gates research, gatekeepers become even more important, more powerful going forward. So we're working on it from both ends. And I do know just attending meetings, summer meetings with our clients that they've been working on this for quite some time. They are not standing still and I think many of them and you're starting to see the announcements are coming out with here's what we're going to do come April. So a lot of them have started to make those decisions already.
Kenneth Lewis: And I would just add I mean how we think about it, I mean I think we all would maybe agree now that the probability is higher as we get past the election on having some form of repatriation and you look at that offshore cash and you could discount it, well it would be probably a 20% haircut or so if you take it back to the U.S. So I think as far as how the board and management think about it, if you have an opportunity offshore, it’s 20% cheaper than one onshore. So we continue to look at anything that would be accretive and additive to our lineup offshore first.
Kenneth Lewis: Yes. This is Ken. As Greg mentioned, we are always looking for opportunities to grow the business and that won't change internationally. Greg mentioned that all things being equal and acquisition is cheaper if we use on for cash. And so that it's not that we're sitting and we're not doing anything else waiting for repatriation, I do want to make that clear. We are looking for opportunities and so that's one of the strategic advantages of having all that cash would be able to move on something if the opportunity presented itself. But regarding the timeline for repatriation, there has been a lot of momentum and we feel like it's gaining momentum. Congress is working on the issue. We feel like when they come back in session, January is something they might be talking about it. Our advisors remind us all the time that four of the last five presidents enact a tax reform by August of the first year. So we are optimistic about it, and but we're also looking for other ways to use that cash.
Kenneth Lewis: I think there's still flexibility on the quality expenses, but having said that I do think we're in a phase where those opportunities are take longer to execute. They tend to be more linked with strategic initiatives. So we continue to look at all that, is the business the right size et cetera, are we leveraging technology the best way we can. So I do think there's opportunities, but I don't think there's a lot of quick hits that would move the dial.
Kenneth Lewis: Yes, I don't have that number I think anytime you go to more of the advisor type gatekeeper driven model the pros and cons I mean you can get significant assets quickly and you can lose significant assets quickly I think that's the net effect I think the advantage of the transition. It's like a funnel where there's going to be less funds available in the new model, but if you have large assets a probability of your fund being included even in a period of underperformance it's highly unlikely that it's going to be eliminated from that lineup. So I think size matters quite a bit as far as continue to get shelf space in the new model, but you know it is a higher risk from a retention standpoint than your traditional brokerage model where it’s more a one on one relationship here it's more of a gatekeeper consultant driven more institutional type relationship and we've transitioned our model to I think adapt to that and have more people you know with consulting experience at that point of contact with the home offices.
Kenneth Lewis: I think in previous calls. We've talked about the share volume of things that we look at every year and you know that continues and you know that we - I would say the criteria that we use is a lot of it's qualitative you know we focus on the institutional process, institutionalize investment process can be repeatable key man risk all of that because this is a people business and cultural fit and that quickly eliminates a lot of perspectives. But so that that really hasn't changed and Greg touched on what's - some of the criteria that we might look at. So I think you know no change to what we said in the past.
Kenneth Lewis: Yes, I mean I think it’s probably early to answer any cost associated with the rule. I mean I think it hasn’t been out very long, you have two years to comply my understanding. I think it’s a much better rule than it was first discussed as far as something that appears to be workable for us and I don’t think we have any major concerns on at this stage. I mean, we’re still studying it, but our first reaction was that it is – would not create issues on the portfolio management side for any of our funds. But again it’s – we’re studying the rule like most right now, but I think it’s a better outcome than what was first discussed. And I think liquidity is something that we manage very carefully with our boards and I feel like that’s one of the most important parts of our business is managing liquidity, especially in the open-end 40 Act type funds.
Kenneth Lewis: No actually I don’t - I think I mean to Greg’s point, we're going towards an environment where I think it's all exposed. There's going to be very little difference between retirement assets and non-retirement assets just because it's just going to be difficult and I think someone asked the question and perhaps it was you about the technology associated with trying to keep track of all of this. It's much more difficult for the broker dealers than it is for Franklin Templeton. So when they look at the cost of the administration of two different buckets of business. I think they're coming to the conclusion that we're going to have one bucket of business and leave it at that.
Kenneth Lewis: Yes. Well, I think that $8 billion or so maybe $6 million is international or outside the U.S., well all that’s deployable that remains to be seen, but the bulk of it should be.
Kenneth Lewis: Well, keep in mind that we do – we paid our 100% of consolidated net income, but part of that is earned outside the United States. So that's sustainable indefinitely. I don't think it's sustainable indefinitely, but we certainly have flexibility in terms of the ability to raise capital or just other things.
Kenneth Lewis: Yes. We have definitely looked at that and we probably every five or six years look at it again and again. And the conclusion historically has been the same and currently right now we think it makes more sense to do it ourselves and I would say the biggest determinant of that is our existing cost structure. So as you know we have extensive operations in low cost jurisdiction and so when we compare the cost of doing it ourselves to what do we cost for outsourcing it makes economic sense for us to keep it insourcing. So that's the current thinking, but as you know things change outsourcing companies get more efficient. So it's a continuous evaluation.
Kenneth Lewis: Well, the large majority of our business takes place without a commission. I mean, this has been taking, this trends has been taking place for a number of years, now it's accelerating under the DOL. So frankly we're almost there. As Greg pointed out, there's going to be a new share classes and less breakpoints and some other changes, but the business overall. Franklin Templeton’s business and the industries business has been moving towards – on the bus and no load.
