Matt Nicholls: Thanks, Jenny. Fourth quarter earning AUM was $1.37 trillion, reflecting a decline of 4% from the prior quarter and average AUM was $1.42 trillion, flat from the prior quarter. Adjusted operating revenues increased by 1% to $1.6 billion from the prior quarter and included adjusted performance fees of $98 million compared to $116 million in the prior quarter. This quarter's investment management fees benefited from $36 million in connection with Fondul and were partially offset by lower catch-up fees of $17 million in secondary private equity. This quarter's adjusted effective fee rate which excludes performance fees, was 40.2 basis points, an increase of 1 basis point due to transaction-related management fees earned from Fondul. Adjusted operating income increased 7% from the prior quarter to $512 million and adjusted operating margin increased to 32.4% from 30.5%. The increase from the prior quarter is primarily due to higher investment management fees, the aforementioned management fees earned from Fondul and lower compensation and benefits expense, partially offset by lower performance fees. The specific operating income from Fondul and secondary private equity catch-up fees was $35 million for the quarter. Fourth quarter adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share increased by 31% and 33% from the prior quarter to $427 million and $0.84, respectively. The increase in adjusted net income and adjusted diluted EPS is primarily due to higher other income, higher adjusted operating income for the reasons mentioned and lower taxes. Adjusted EPS increased by $0.05 due to Fondul and secondary private equity catch-up fees in the quarter. Turning to fiscal year 2023 results; ending AUM increased by 6% from the prior year, while average AUM declined by 5%. Adjusted operating revenues of $6.1 billion decreased by 6% from the prior year and included an additional 6 months of Lexington and 11 months of Alcentra. Adjusted performance fees of $383 million decreased from $515 million in the prior year. The adjusted effective fee rate which excludes performance fees, was 39.5 basis points compared to 38.9 basis points in the prior year, primarily due to a full year of Lexington and 11 months of Alcentra. While continuing to invest in long-term growth initiatives, we also continue to strengthen the foundation of our business through disciplined expense management and operational efficiencies. Our adjusted operating expenses were $4.3 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior year, again, including a full year of Lexington and 11 months of Alcentra. Excluding performance fee related compensation and the full year impact of Lexington and Alcentra, adjusted operating expenses were down slightly from the prior year. This led to fiscal year adjusted operating income of $1.8 billion, a decrease of 22% from the prior year, primarily due to lower average AUM, driven by market declines and to a lesser degree, net outflows. Adjusted operating margin was 29.9%, compared to 35.9% in the prior year. Compared to the prior year, fiscal year adjusted net income declined 28% to $1.3 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $2.60, a decline of 28%. From a capital management perspective, after returning $870 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and funding the acquisition of Alcentra and other acquisition-related payments, we ended the year with $6.9 billion of cash and investments. We will continue to prioritize our dividend which has increased every year since 1982. Purchased shares to hedge our employee share grants and where applicable, review targeted acquisitions to reach our objectives at an accelerated pace. In addition, as we begin in the fourth quarter, we plan to opportunistically repurchase shares above the employee-related equity issuances during fiscal year 2024. Turning to the Putnam transaction which, as Jenny mentioned, remains on track to close in the fourth quarter of calendar 2023. Amongst other factors, the transaction is structured to maintain Franklin's -- Templeton's financial flexibility and promote our continuing investments in the business. It also protects our strong financial position in the context of challenging market conditions. At current market levels, the acquisition of Putnam is expected to add total run rate adjusted operating income of approximately $150 million after the first year post closing. Consistent with an approximate 30% operating margin, inclusive of cost synergies and we are ahead of schedule in terms of when we are likely to realize operating income post-close. Assuming this operating income contribution the transaction is expected to be modestly accretive to adjusted EPS by the end of the first quarter after closing. And now, we would like to open the call up to your questions.
Matt Nicholls: Yes. So you mentioned 3 key things there. One is the steps we've taken to outsource fund administration, transfer agency and aspects of our technology. What we've been working hard on over the last year or so is what next in terms of our investment management platform in terms of technology. That includes both middle office and back-office functions. And I'd say that we're pretty deep into it and you can expect more updates from us throughout 2024.
Matt Nicholls: Yes. And in terms of the financial impact, Mike, I would just caution you on that. These things take time. As Jenny mentioned, there won't be any additional change in 2024. That's a step change in terms of our expense, in terms of our expenses around the operation. But I think going into '25, '26 or longer term, not only do we have the opportunity to be more efficient across the organization, bringing things closer together in an effective way but also, it's an opportunity to modernize, to reduce CapEx, to make sure that longer term, we're in a position where we can scale at lower expenses with the right partners.
Matt Nicholls: Correct. They're actual adds. So by the end of that period, we would have added $25 million at the end of the third and fourth quarter, we would have added another $25 million to $30 million. So at the end of the fiscal year, we would have added up to about $100 million. So it's real actually -- operating income addition is not just run rated. And the reason why I add the $150 million run rate is that, that could be achieved -- sort of an accelerated fashion right at the end of the last fiscal quarter.
Matt Nicholls: Yes. The only other one thing I'd add is that the -- because this is obviously a very important factor in the model as well, as you think about overall AUM and EFR. The Putnam acquisition reduces -- is expected to reduce our EFR by 0.2 basis points because they have a slightly lower EFR than us.
Matt Nicholls: It's over the years. So -- but yes, I pretty much do -- gradually it comes in because -- but it should be right away in December.
Matt Nicholls: Yes. Because as you know, we average -- the AUM gets averaged over the period, it comes in. So it's going to be a bit wonky in the first year -- the first quarter, sorry but you'll soon see the full impact of 0.2.
Matt Nicholls: Right. Sure. Thank you, Alex. So I think the point we're trying to make on this is that, obviously, that the market is complicated, it's fraught with uncertainty. So we want to be careful of how we describe this. But obviously, we've been very active in acquiring companies to make sure we have the right set of investment management capabilities to be as relevant as we possibly can to the most important clients around the world in every asset class and every vehicle that Jenny mentioned. We feel like we're pretty much done in that regard. There's 1 or 2 areas that we've referenced, infrastructure, for example, in the private markets area of alternative assets. And then maybe there's a few distribution things, a couple of technology things. But in terms of large-scale transactions involving hundreds of millions, in certain cases, billions of dollars, we feel like we're done in that regard for the foreseeable future. Never say never but we certainly feel that we're done in terms of strategic planning. And therefore, I think you can expect us to move into more of a capital return mode opportunistically. So what that means is we're going to absolutely protect our dividends, as we've always described and you can expect the same sort of pattern that you've seen since -- in the 1980s. We're going to be very disciplined in buying back our -- and hedging our employee grants. But as you know, we're left over with a fair amount of cash after that, both in terms of earnings -- from earnings but also in terms of our balance sheet and look, with our shares trading where they are, it's a very good opportunity for us. And as you know, we've funded 90% of Putnam transaction with shares and we'd like to repurchase those shares as soon as we can. So we're going to be quite focused on that. We don't want to give a schedule because the market is too uncertain in our opinion and we need to make sure that we are conservative and careful and methodical and all the rest of it that you expect from us. But the pattern of share repurchase that you saw in this last quarter, again, I'm not saying it's going to be the same number but you can expect us to really focus on opportunistic share repurchases in addition to the share employee grants for the reasons that I've just outlined.
Matt Nicholls: It's ex-performance fees and other comps. So you have to look at the 2 adjusted numbers in that regard. So it's '23...
Matt Nicholls: So '23 would be like 4.07 [ph] -- something like that, 4.075 [ph]. And then again, if you -- the full year '24 is really right on that number. Again, excluding the performance fees and the real estate issue that -- the transition I mentioned in New York which is about -- that overall transition is about $50 million or something like that.
Matt Nicholls: Yes. So obviously, you've seen the state of the current markets, Ken, resulted in just lower variable compensation, number one. So that's a combination of AUM revenue, less performance, our performance actually improved a little bit. So -- but just generally speaking, that lowered the compensation. Then we had the transaction-related fee that we mentioned on Fondul that has a higher margin associated with it. So that also helped in that regard. So that's probably lower than you would expect. So I'd say just a combination of just expense discipline around how we manage our compensation going in because remember, this is our year-end. So we've made final adjustments based on where the current market is and expect the next quarter to be.
Matt Nicholls: Yes. Patrick, I don't mean to be difficult in any way but obviously, we don't own Putnam today. So we're not -- we can't really report their flows to you. I would just say though, their AUM is roughly where we announced the transaction. So I think when we announced the transaction, we were around $136 billion. And during that period of time, their performance has remained very strong. And you know what's happened with the market between now and between then which was late May and now, the market went up for a month or so or a couple of months, then it came down quite hard. And they're roughly where they are and the flow expectations we had from them was to be, based on their strong performance, to be in the flattish area, let's say and I'd say that the results are in line with what we expected. Sorry, I can't give more specificity around it but yes.
Matt Nicholls: Brian, the answer is no. [Indiscernible] $25 billion is incremental. We guided the $25 billion in terms of fee rate in mid-teens because a large portion of that is insurance general account related from [indiscernible]. We expect that to be incremented by about 50%, [ph].
Matt Nicholls: Okay. Great. So no, the guidance did not include the fees associated with the $25 billion allocation. That's largely from Great-West Life. So the fee rate is around the mid-teens, on the $25 billion, if you calculate the revenue on that. In terms of implementation time line, we expect about half of that to come in the first calendar quarter next year. Well, let's call it the first quarter after we close and then the second half to come in over a period of a year -- one year. We'll obviously keep you updated on that, Brian.
Adam Spector: All right. Thank you, Jenny. We're seeing strength really across the board. I would say the folks -- the place where we're seeing a lot of interest is -- like others is in the private debt area. They're particularly in the real estate-related debt. We're seeing good growth. We've had a good year in our CLO business. We're out with special situations and new BSP flagship fund, that's all really good. Alcentra is beginning to be integrated more into our distribution force. We're feeling really positive about that as well. Lexington is continuing their fund raiser for Fund 10 and we're just beginning to do some other things there. You mentioned, Michael, the 20% raise that will come from wealth management for Lexington. We're starting to see greater traction for wealth management alternatives across the board. We spent the year really building out our capabilities for U.S. wealth management alternatives and we're now taking that model and using it in Europe. In general, one of the things we're seeing that's quite positive in wealth management alts is the fact that we're now getting on to calendars of 6 month, a year in advance. And once you're in that flow, we think the fundraising really will continue. That's the quick overview.
Adam Spector: And I just might add that emerging markets is another area where we're seeing significant SMA growth in addition to the munis that Jenny answered. And while a lot of the growth is in SMAs, having a product available like the income fund in SMA, in ETF, a mutual fund across border fund being vehicle-agnostic, really, that just take broader access to different platforms.
Adam Spector: Yes. I think you hit a lot of the key points, Jenny. Western is having very good conversations with its clients. It continues to be Franklin Templeton's top selling SIM in terms of our gross flows. And if you look at their performance, 88% of their marketed composites have outperformed over the 1-year period. And I think that number, the 10-year period is something like 97%. So yes, in core plus and some other strategies, they've had a tough go of it recently but we see that turning around and we see client interest still being very strong in Western products.
Adam Spector: Yes. I would say that in some ways, it reminds me of the Legg Mason transaction when the 2 distribution forces were just so complementary. And if you look at the way that Franklin is built out in the non-U.S. market, as an example, I think that scale there really helps Putnam. If you look at what Franklin Templeton has in terms of SMA capability, ETF capability, that, along with the core Putnam strategy is a real advantage. And finally, I would note that subject to all of the financial comments that Matthew made within those structures, we will be able to add significantly to the sales force. So we'll have a bigger sales force, a more effective sales force by bringing the 2 firms together. That bigger sales force will obviously have more product -- great Putnam product. And so we're feeling that the transaction is really going to help propel us.
Adam Spector: Yes. And I think, Jenny, in there, there's a difference between the -- what we see in alternatives versus private market alternatives because the private markets generally were a little stronger than alternatives overall as we saw some outflows in the liquid alts strategy.
Adam Spector: Yes. I think we're not going to give, again, sorry to not give too much detail on that but it's a multi-stage project with them, where we're going to be managing assets that we take on over a period of quarters. There's something that we've announced that came out quite recently and I think it's indicative of the way that we are able to work with insurance companies in general, to build things where they are able to more actively and efficiently hedge what's in their portfolio. So it was a customized solution that we built with them. And it's the type of approach we're talking to some other insurance companies about right now.
Jennifer Johnson: Well and I would just add, Mike, as you know, we've done a lot of acquisitions. And I think one of the reasons they work well is, we take our time on some of the integration. And so there's opportunity, obviously, we'll be integrating Putnam into the -- into our environment. And even some of the Legg Mason SIMs are -- have an opportunity to integrate which we think will simplify the environment.
Jennifer Johnson: Yes. So I mean, you've got to remember, SMAs exist and the reason we're taking off so much is that in the retail channel, where the world went fee-based, it is difficult for a financial adviser whose client fees, they're being charged every month for advice to buy and hold a mutual fund, right? So if you can deliver the same kind of product in an SMA with the holdings basically on the statement, it looks like the advisers being much more active on that. And so we view ourselves as being vehicle agnostic to how we deliver what is our expertise which is our investment capability. And -- so you take, for example, the Franklin Income Fund. The Franklin Income Fund now is -- we have an ETF version, an SMA version and we're seeing growth in both of those. So any of our products can be delivered in SMA. Today, we have munis. Munis are actually -- have a good growth area in the SMA muni ladders. And so the way we are thinking about our business is, I always say it's like a 3-legged stool. It's product capability, geo-global distribution and vehicles. And the vehicles can be mutual funds, communal trusts, ETFs, SMAs, things like Canvas direct indexing. And we should be flexible about how we deliver those, in whatever market we -- whatever market we're operating in. And I think that nobody has won the breadth of product capability that we have to the breadth of geographic distribution, both on the retail and institutional side. And while we may have been late to things like passive ETFs, we were early actually in the active ETF space. And so being vehicle-agnostic is very important. Now the challenge is on the SMAs, is that you have to get approval at the gatekeeper level and then you have to go out and train individual advisers. So it's a bit like alts in the complexity. But once you do that, then you just get consistent flows coming in. So the long answer is basically, we see any of our flagship funds as being able to be delivered through the SMAs platform.
Jennifer Johnson: You know, this -- Glenn, this has been discussed for quite a while and back and forth. And we've all and through the ICI, have had opinions on it. And our view is, it's about education, it's about suitability of products and making sure that advisers are deploying the appropriate product for that client. And we've always had the view that it's our job to make sure that we well inform our distribution partners and provide transparency around that. And so I think our view is that this is not going to have a tremendous impact.
Jennifer Johnson: And I'll just add on the insurance side, I actually think we gained insurance expertise at the acquisition of Western who has tremendous penetration in the insurance channel. But what's exciting is, now with the alternatives capabilities that we're adding, we can take that expertise and just be a much more relevant partner. And so, as Great-West looked at our capabilities and basically committed $25 billion, it was because it was a detailed bottoms-up analysis of our various SIMs to determine what made sense for them. And that -- we wouldn't have been able to respond to that as well. Had we not had the expertise at Western and we're building it within Franklin and then, of course, the Venerable announcement that we -- the press release we had, I think, last week or the week before, again, comes out of that combined Franklin and Western insurance ideas. So we think there's more to come there as well.
Jennifer Johnson: So Lexington's final close will be in December. So they're scheduled on that. Clarion has had improving redemption queues but they're still -- I don't know, Adam, if you want to -- if you have the details on it. But we've had all 3 strategies were positive for the quarter.
Jennifer Johnson: Look, I think the market has kind of spoken on this topic which is they want transparent active ETFs. And so that's been our area of focus. And so we haven't really pursued anything there and I don't think there's a lot of growth there.
Jennifer Johnson: I think this is -- well, first of all, we know in talking to our large distribution partners, if there's just a massive amount. One of them commented that their most profitable area right now is their, basically the money market fund because of the massive amount of money sitting in cash on the sidelines. So the wealth channel is no different than the institutional channel in that. The institutional channel is likely to move first and then the wealth channel. The challenge, I think, between traditional fixed income and private credit is that banks just aren't lending like they used to. And so you're not even generating as much of the traditional fixed income as you used to. And so in order to have the investable universe, you're going to probably see the wealth channel starting to move more into private credit anyway. But the reality is, it is illiquid. And I think this is where we are on the product development side, thinking through creative solutions where you actually have products that combine private credit and traditional fixed income. So you have a component of liquidity with the excess returns that are generated in the private markets because of their illiquidity premium. So it's just as any alternative is in the wealth channel, it's complicated because you have the suitability and the DOL rule that was asked is, it's going to mean that the bar is even higher. You can't make mistakes. But from a responsible asset manager trying to figure out how to provide these excess returns in that channel, it's an area of great focus for us. So again, the banks are going to lend the way they used to lend the capital requirements have made it tougher and tougher. You see it in the numbers. And we think that private credit is going to continue to grow.
Jennifer Johnson: Well, I just want to thank everybody for participating in today's call. And once again, we'd like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication. It's also -- I'd also like to add that we look forward to welcoming the impressive team at Putnam to Franklin Templeton when the transaction closes. And we look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter. Thank you.
