JennyJohnson: Yes, so thanks for the question, Ken. So first thing was a decision to more regionalized. So what does that mean? We wanted to push out more marketing and product and data analytics out to the region. So historically, that was done more centrally. And so now, there's a portion of it that completely controlled by the head of that region. And as you probably know, we talked about some of the SIM head taking on leadership roles. Adam Spector and he is CEO of Brandywine is now Head of Global Distribution. And Julian Ide, who was the Head of Martin Currie is now Head of Europe. And so that's just helpful in ensuring that we understand both how to integrate the global distribution with really how each of the SIM handles their distribution. And so it's helpful having people who come from that perspective. As far as you look at US retail, which is a trillion dollars of our assets, Legg Mason came in with a much stronger footprint in the broker dealer warehouse channel and we were much stronger in the independent channel. We now have $103 billion in SMEs, they were very top three SME provider. And so it was really looking at the capabilities between the two organizations, and figuring out how to, and in some cases, you just have great people on the same covering channel but one has greater penetration than that. And so our distribution team is really a mix of Legg Mason and historic Franklin Templeton people, and it was, we were trying to recognize kind of where those types were. They had strong penetration in the insurance channel. So they're great in the Legg Mason folks. We have spent trying to remember the number, something like 1,200 people have participated in something like 83 webinars that we've done to teach and ensure that there's, like all the sales people have knowledge of each other's products. So we spend a lot of time with that. You saw the anecdotes in the comments. We also had another example, where we had an Israeli institutions were - that never had any distribution in Israel, and ended up getting a mandate for one of the SIM. So this takes a little bit of time, but I can tell you that we are, we felt really good about how it's operating now, and that we found less overlap than they thought we find with distribution when you really got under the covers.
JennyJohnson: And actually, let me add one other thing you asked the question of, how we get more positive flows. As you saw, we had things like the alternatives were actually had been in positive flow; we think there is just huge amount of opportunity for Clarion and BSP and the retail channels and BSP did a small acquisition of REIT and it really what they were doing was acquiring some wholesalers who have expertise in selling alternatives to the RA channel. So we've invested tremendous opportunity for both Clarion and BSP, as well as feedback we've had some warehouses who feel that they may have a heavy concentration in the real estate managers that they have. And they'd like to diversify and clear and coming out of these just tremendous performances as they were overweight and things like industrials, and underweight say retail. Western, obviously continuing its cross-sell capabilities. What we have in the SMA side is the Income Fund is able to be penetrating more than relationships that like Mason has with advisors and sell SMA, we think that's a great opportunity for income funds. And I do have to say that, I think with the Templeton global bond, there is increasingly nervousness around whether - they're very much set up for risk off environment as Brandywine. And we've seen them perform very well in September. And as investors may think of them as sort of an insurance policy right now to any kind of big catalyst of the surprises, whether as an inflation surprises or escalation of US China tensions. And so I think the story is we're doing a better job of getting out their story there, I think we can at least begin to see some reduction in the redemptions. And again, it's kind of positioning that message as insurance.
JennyJohnson: Yes, and I just add that. Exact with Matt, it takes a lot for us to want to take on something else before we digest this one. But you never know. I mean, it was - you're very intentional about keeping, having dry powder in case something else just came up with the bars probably a little bit higher on any big deal. But we've also said that we continue to want to grow our high net worth business. And as Matt said, if there's something that sort of distribution related, which tends to be more on the technology side that we were always looking at those and then we stay in the for the industry, because the industry is changing pretty dramatically.
JennyJohnson: So as you say just on the, from the Legg Mason standpoint, Legg Mason was in positive flows in September, they have a much bigger institutional business. So you have lumpier redemptions, I think that's going to be more characteristics than we've seen historically, but basically haven't seen redemption related to any of this transaction, the bigger redemption tended to be Franklin Templeton, as we said, that one that we called out was a low fee, sub advisor relationship. There is some where you're seeing sovereign wealth funds in the Middle East redeeming larger numbers for - not for investment performance, not for transaction just because it's sort of what's going on in the market right now. So we are optimistic from the standpoint of integration and how things are going with clients. But you're always going to have, we still have the issues on performance in a couple areas like global macro, obviously value, and the value indexes as it performs 3,200 basis points year-to-date. So there's some people that are just ready to throw in the towel on value, others maybe it's time to that could switch. So those are always going to be, to the extent there on the institutional side a little bit more lumpy.
JennyJohnson: So on QS and SMA, very much a kind of that the teams got together and really thought about it talked about it and said, we could be much stronger together. So this is really kind of organically coming from those teams. Today, that combined organization has 120 investment professionals and $120 billion in assets. So what I think intrigued them on right makes sense for them to come to that get is QS was an institutional kind of quant, they had a strong track record and things like liabilities driven investments, active quants, risk mitigation risk, on the Franklin side, while there was quant capability was much more of really sort of active manager active allocations. And when they - and they have their own outside managers due diligence, so bringing them together, you're really bringing this hybrid of quants, and an active, and think about the way the world's going, whether it's models in retail, if your outcome oriented models in the retail channel, or risk overlay of separately managed accounts, clients are looking for being able to have a conversation, almost like an OCIO type of conversation, as they're trying to think through, how to build their portfolios, how to position their portfolio. And this just gives us tremendous capability around that. And we think that's the way future does.
JennyJohnson: And just to answer the other part of the question about do we see opportunities to bring other groups together, we're not focused on merging products together, and that is not part of this deal. And you just talked to our CIO of global fixed income and CIO at Western. And they have different views on certain the timing on whether or not we'll see inflation or interest rate rise in the long end is that on the curve, and that's what an all-weather product lineup, it is that ability to have different products for different outcomes. And we think that's very healthy. Our distribution team has been selling equities, where arguably two different managers competing in the same category. They - you have to have the best distribution data, they have to be able to discern what the clients looking for, and either deliver up one option, or decide that you're going to answer the RFP with two different options in the same category, was very comfortable with that on the equity side, I can say that now, we just added that capability on the fixed income side.
JennyJohnson: So Clarion is overweight industrial so that area is done very, very well. If e-commerce demand goes up, Amazon needs more storage. And so it's more demand on cloud and things. And that's an area that they had focused on. And they were really underweight on the commercial real estate. So they are actually performance - is very well positioned right now with their performance.
JennyJohnson: So with respect to ESG, we think that the framework in which you apply ESG is specific to the investment team. But the data, we're a member of [savvy] and trying to get a lot more standardization around the data, we've actually created a centralized database. So I think global macro team, they get 14 different data feeds to build their ESG framework, that data then goes into this centralized ESG database, any of the investment teams are welcome to use it as they built their own framework and model. But we really are working hard with savvy in the industry and Greg participates in the IPI on ESG. And trying to just standardize lot of the information that people look at to build their framework. But to answer your question, we think that it is part of the, fundamental part of the investment process.
JennyJohnson: I'll make this little pitch, our Franklin municipal green bond fund is 9% year-to-date, this is our ESG and the main area, and it's like she got demand, great demand pretty nice and grand.
JennyJohnson: So again, that was focused on holding company and distribution. And I think what we set out, we weren't sure what percentage of that makes employees and I think we ended up both on distribution and on the holding company making a lot more like Mason plays. And I think you really - you should see that it's a combination of both groups. And no, there was no specific one that we felt like we really miss, and you we're not talking about investment people.
MatthewNicholls: I think I just add one thing to that, which is to say on the institutional side, recognizing how important the institutional distribution is, given the fact that a big portion of Legg Mason and the rationale for our transaction was to grow institutional business, that staying largely exactly as it's organized today at the specialized investment manager level, and that creates a high degree of confidence with clients, the stability and continuity in that area of the business.
MatthewNicholls: Yes, we had $2.5 billion of reinvested distributions for the quarter. Those compares to $3.5 billion last quarter, and as you know $3 billion a year ago. Our plan there, by the way, we seem to have caused some confusion here was to call out anything that's unusual around those flows. We decided to get to have a simplified view of flows in terms of the presentation of it. So we had client - so we have client driven activity and client activity out. And given our size and breadth of our business, we thought that made the most sense, but we're not trying to avoid discussing reinvested distributions with anything unusual around it. We were planning to discuss it, for example, the year end, as you know that's often elevated. And we plan to call it out at that time, but that's the number for the quarter is $2.5 billion, $3.5 billion last quarter, as you know $3 billion a year ago.
MatthewNicholls: Not relative to the size of our business and also given the structure of our rate with Western that has the largest portion of our money market business. We have some protection there on the margin. So it's not big, it's absolutely not material to overall company operation.
MatthewNicholls: Yes, I think the way that we felt that is that we are absolutely in the flow of what's going on. You're right, there's a tremendous amount of activity in the industry with some interesting opportunities to consider, broadly speaking, I think in many ways, the evolution of the industry, terms of some of the more dramatic ideas are out there, it's just getting started. But we are, we're very, very focused on making sure that we maximize the output from the Legg Mason transaction. I mean, we literally doubled the size of our company from an assets under management perspective, we, every time when we have meetings internally, we peel the onion back, and we realize we've got another opportunity internally either to be more efficient or to work together to produce more revenue. So I think that's our primary focus, but we are in the flow on these things. We're not shut for M&A by any stretch, if there was something tremendously compelling. In particular, on the distribution side, if there was something that helps us with distribution further to what we already have, we're looking at it very carefully, we still have a very strong balance sheet. We're not going to compromise that. We have strong earnings potential; we're not going to compromise that, given the opportunities we've got to use our cash elsewhere internally. But it's fascinating times and we are one of the companies that are quite actively pursuing ideas in the industry and making sure we keep up with the flow of change.
MatthewNicholls: I'd use 26%, as the baseline, I mean, at the business, our business has changed in terms of, and we've got a greater portion of our business in the US with the higher tax rate. And there are a couple of jurisdictions internationally, where the tax rates have gone up a little bit. So that impacts our overall tax view. So I think I would use 26% with a view that maybe it could be 25%, but only 26% is a good number to put in the model for now. The fourth quarter was confusing, or we had a spike in that rate because of the reasons we mentioned in the prepared remarks, it was just very unusual that spiked it up to 36%.
MatthewNicholls: Yes. The 36 to 38 is assuming a full year, so that's the full 12 months combination, if you will, we think that's a good guide based on, obviously, the very significant mix of business change. So with a much bigger fixed income business, and much bigger institutional business growth that lowers the rates versus legacy Franklin Templeton, which brings that down. But at the same time, there is opportunity there in the alternative site where the fee rates are quite a bit higher. And we see some interesting growth opportunities there. So you have global bond being, federal bond higher rate being offset by lower rate, broader fixed income, business core plus institutional, that's what brings it down. And then pressure upwards, if you will, is the growth of the alternative business. So we hope we're on the higher end of it, but we think that's the natural range for the year.
MatthewNicholls: So we assume flat, we don't assume any market growth in our projections, one. Two, that the fees do not include performance, the average fee rate projection does not include performance fees. We expect our performance fees to actually go up. They were $10 million for this quarter from zero last quarter standalone at fee, we start to enjoy a larger percentage of performance fees from Clarion after April next year. So that provides an opportunity we share 50:500 performance fees with them today, whereas today, we don't get any. It's 50% on our 83% ownership in Clarion. So that's an opportunity to get more performance fee so and in previous times last quarter was unusual, we had no performance fees in Benefits Street. But we expect that to pick up for example, this quarter went from zero to $4 million, we got $6 million from the Legg Mason side. And it wouldn't surprise us to see that go up quite a bit in 2021.
MatthewNicholls: But as a general matter, obviously, we'd rather have no outflows $12.6 billion, it's not like we're pleased about $12.6 billion of outflows. But when you think about it, the $12.6 billion is very consistent with Franklin Templeton standalone outflows from the previous quarter, and both last quarter and the quarter before that. So the percentage attrition across the firm is come down a lot. And it's driven by exactly the same things that were - that are really market driven, if you think about the positioning of those strategies, and the all-weather point that Jenny is made a few times is an important one in this regard because we do have some very important strategies under the hood here that will do well, if the market starts to get more difficult again. I'd also say that out of our $11.5 billion of sort of unfunded wins that we have, we would expect something like $5 billion or so that come in the December quarter.
MatthewNicholls: Hey, Bill. I hope your son is doing well. So I would say that we built in a sense of, again, maybe this is sort of optimistic for my distractive. But we're building a sense of normalization in the beginning say that in March next year. But we've also built in more in terms of advertising, promotion, these sorts of things that you'd expect us to do as we're, as we breathe, as we've been working on distribution, client franchise. So our G&A, we have forecasted for about $485 million for the year, which is a healthy number and allows us to continue to invest in a number of important things and does allow for travel, to go back to some form of normality after the first annualized quarter next year
MatthewNicholls: Yes, so you can see, when you look at our balance sheet back, in fact, we, last quarter, we ended at $8.2 billion or so billion on the cash and investments, we now have $5.1 billion cash investments. It's still quite healthy underpinning to give us confidence to use our income. Now income already with just two months of Legg Mason in there is pretty significantly enhanced. So I think what we plan to do at a minimum with respect to share repurchases, and make sure that we offset all of our share grants. And then obviously, we're very focused on the dividend and making, you know our history there. And you can expect that to continue subject to our board approving in December, the capital management policy. And then we have already multiple new requests internally, given the new breath of our firm to consider co investments, seek capital opportunities, other internal growth opportunities, and what I would say is that, as we reach the end either of a quarter or a year even, we then may do some top ups in terms of some additional share repurchases, if we don't feel pressure elsewhere. We also have a higher debt load, as you know, now, and we successfully access the market earlier this month, as Jenny mentioned, and we intend to use the proceeds that to refinance much more expensive notes, we're going to actually save about $30 million on that. But having said that, if rates stay where they are, maybe we just refinance out our notes going forward, and we stay at the current debt load assuming that EBITDA stays about the same because we want to keep our current credit profile intact. But if rates stay where they are, if rates get more expensive for the debt markets aren't as attractive, maybe we delever some as well without cash. So it's really a combination of those things. And the end of the day, if we have capacity to buy that more shares, given our current valuation, we'll do it.
MatthewNicholls: Yes, I think that $3.7 billion and given the fact that's an adjusted number, of course, the GAAP number could be higher or lower, because that includes SMA. But I'd say as an adjusted number, that's a disciplined number, that we have some comfort in that if the markets go up, it'll still be $3.7 billion. That's sort of how I would describe it. If the markets come down, it could come down. But I don't see us going up beyond $3.7 billion.
MatthewNicholls: Yes, look, I think it's a great question because obviously the bar for us has to be quite high, given the fact that every dollar we're buying back in our stock is like probably like 6% dividend yield. So we're at quite focused on from that. We won't be doing large stock deals based on our current multiple and dilute. Okay, no, I'm okay. I fixed it. Alex, can you hear me? Okay, so sorry about that. Where were we? I'm sorry. I've lost track of what we were just talking about.
MatthewNicholls: Oh, yes, the high bar, yes. So we have a high bar for the reasons I just mentioned on our stock. And we're not going to do a large transaction using our stock unless it's for the same kind of multiple. So the way I said is that in wealth management, we think it's a very good use of our cash, because we did two small transactions, they both ended up being the accretive to us in terms of the execution around that little bit of cost savings, revenue growth, it all works out quite well. So in wealth, there'd be much smaller transactions that we use to continue to grow fiduciary trust. It's on the alternative asset side that we have to think. There are some interesting opportunities out there. And that would be where we would use our cash and our stocks so that's how I describe that.
MatthewNicholls: No, I think you should. I think you should look at it as against the $3.7 billion that we've guided for 2021. I know, it's very early guidance. But I think it's correct to think of that as being addressable.
MatthewNicholls: Yes, so on the only 85%, I'd say we've made good progress so far. I think we mentioned that we already achieved 25% of it by 9/30. We expect to achieve 50% by, yes, we said year end, but that's probably going to be more like the end of January. And then I would say the rest of it or the 35% that's left. We hope to get most of it by June. But there'll be some carefully managed expense reductions on the front office side and particular that we wanted to spend more time executing upon to make sure we make sure we have that continuity and stability around the group that we've discussed. So I think it's fair to say that we, again, we've got the 25% done end of January, we get the 50%, maybe we get 75% by the end of June, and then the rest up to 85% by the end of the fiscal year. In terms of a normalize, in term of - I think, one, maybe it's useful to walk through the revenue and expenses associated with what we bought on from Legg Mason. So Legg Mason two months was about $475 million of revenue. If you include sales and distribution fees, we exclude sales and distribution fees. It's about $415 million, so that sort of annual quarterized, if you will, into about $700 million to $720 million or $2.85 billion on an annualized level in terms of revenue. And the expenses, as you said, it's a bit of a noisy quarter to say the least with all the acquisition related expenses. But if you exclude the non-recurring acquisition related expense items, it was about just the Legg Mason two months was about $350 million inclusive of sales distribution, excluding that it's about $280 million. So I think about it as being, if you include sale and distribution, it's 475 minus 350, equals 125 times six to 750. That's one way of looking at it. If you execute sales and distribution, it's 415 minus 280, 135 times six is 810. So you could look at it as that we're adding to including the cost aids, that are included in those numbers, because remember, in the overlay, we haven't included the additional run rate that we expect to achieve during the years. Maybe I don't know if that helps but if you think about that as being an addition, on top of our business.
MatthewNicholls: Yes, it's probably, out of the cash, you see it's probably a $ 1 billion that because we're, again, we're quite conservative, we like to make sure we have the SUP, as you know we call it supplemental liquidity. And we intend to keep that in place. So we're disciplined around that. And so that's how we - that's probably what if you are looking for excess cash number that we would consider to be excess, it could be that. In terms of other people would maybe double that number and define it as that but we wouldn't. In terms of debt capacity, our absolute intention and focus is to make sure that we maintain our current credit profile, which is an A2 rating as you know, we just access the debt markets and we're very pleased with writing in that transaction, and we intend to retain that profile and operate the company and our capital structure in a way that's consistent with that. So our debt capacity at that level, we probably have some capacity, we don't intend to push out our limits whatsoever with the rating agencies or with our debt investors, given what we've described to them. So we're quite focused on that. The technical capacity to investment grade is very, very substantial in terms of debt, but we don't intend to use that.
