Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, good morning and thank you for joining Ken Lewis and me to discuss the company's second quarter. Although we continue to experience net outflows in the March quarter, the nature of the mid-quarter market rebound marked an encouraging transition for us. As many of the weakest performing sectors of 2015, we're among the strongest performers in the quarter. As the quarter progressed, investment performance of many of our key strategies improved as did redemption trends. Overall, our financial results were solid as we continued to exercise expense discipline, notwithstanding some notable onetime items that are discussed in more detail on our 10-Q which was also filed this morning. Now, Ken and I are happy to take your questions.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think a lot obviously has been discussed already. I mean, it affects a huge part of the industry. I think, for us, it's difficult to get an exact number on the amount of assets that it potentially could affect, but we did our best, and with omnibus accounts, that's a little bit tricky. But we estimate that it affects about $130 billion of our assets. I think we're probably a little bit lower than most because of our heavy concentration in retail assets offshore, as well as municipal bond funds, and the fact that the key area around 401(k) tends to be in U.S. growth, and that's an area where we don't have huge penetration. So I think, overall, a little bit lower, but like everybody in the industry, very concerned about and still trying to understand what a 1,000-page document means to our business. And that's really where we're focused today is working with our advisors, working with outside legal assistance and really making sense of the proposal. I think the good news is that some of the most unworkable items have been adjusted, but that obviously a very difficult rule that will eliminate advice to many people that need it most and that's the smaller end of the market.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes. I mean that is and it's addressing that area of the market using technology and trying to penetrate those that may not be large enough to be able to get individual help or advice. So it does address a new market for us. I think our partnership, a lot of that was based on our global reach and the fact that we can help them get the marketing message out in markets like Asia and Latin America where Citi has such a strong reach. I think that will take a while to develop, but it is off and running now. The other area is just around the alternatives and multi-alternatives, and we continue to extend our capabilities there with the Long Short Credit and Global Macro Fund that was recently introduced. And then our Liberty shares ETF, which will be available in June, and we expect to continue to build out that line as well. Those are just a few of the newer initiatives.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. We are seeing that, and I think that's clear when our team's out visiting various countries and meeting that there is a strong interest in diversifying their currency exposure. So we continue to see a strong pipeline there. And I couldn't give you an estimate or number of when, but that would be highest, I think, on our list of opportunities in the institutional space.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: No, it doesn't. I think that one did not include annuities, which you probably would – you'd want to include in that number, and that's probably another $50 billion in sub-advised annuities which obviously could be affected as well. That's a good point.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean, I think we still view it, as you said, in a strong area of growth and we're going to continue to look at expanding the product line in less traditional types of investments. So, we're – whether it's M&A or building it organically, that's certainly part of our plan.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I think that it might have been happenstance. Probably that ordering – I don't think it was intentional. And I say that because nothing has changed in our strategy, our capital management strategy. I mean, we don't say the stock is up or down so now we'll place more or less emphasis on M&A. They're all kind of independent positions. And we're continuing to focus on M&A – evaluate M&A opportunities. That hasn't changed.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean, I have to say I wouldn't make much of that decision. I doubt they do anything in what we – particularly you called loaded sales and everybody looks at the A share sales and assumes somebody's paying commission. For us, it's now less than 9% of our sales have a commission on them and we are traditionally what you'd call, I guess, load-based firm. So for Schwab, that's an – I would say it's a non-event that they're not doing that because it's probably less than 1% of their sales.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: And the world, as we know, continues to move towards fee-based and with the fiduciary changes probably more with R6 or shares that don't have 12b-1 fees associated with them, you'll see more and more of that.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I think the – there's probably another – there were two accounts that were – at total $1.8 billion global equities, one Middle Eastern sovereign wealth and another in Australia doing a rebalancing of a global equity. And then really only – there was only two other large global equity that were about $300 million apiece in Canada. It's interesting. I think looking at quarter-to-quarter, our global equity was actually – while the net number was very high out, it was mostly due to this institutional redemption fee. Retail trend is actually better, and I think the retail trend is important, too, to call out just in general that it was a lot better than the prior quarter with redemptions declining as well during kind of a choppy quarter. It's really the institutional quarter-over-quarter change in flows that mask, I think, some of the improved trends within the retail side, especially the hybrid side.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I mean I would just – Ken can jump in. I think that's right. I think when you're kind of in market lulls and volatile periods, you don't really see a lot. And I think that's been kind of true that there hasn't been a ton of M&A activity. And as markets rebound, I think that people start thinking about it, so I think that's fair. I don't know if we could say specifically that we've seen that, but that certainly has been the case historically and pass it to Ken.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think it's hard to ever know. I think the multi-asset's a huge category that continues, I think, to garner more attention in the distribution channels and I think for a lot, it makes a lot of sense. I would look at the organic growth rate trends are more the flagship areas like the Income Fund, which somewhat has been a multi-asset before people started calling it that. You've seen a pretty strong rebound in two quarters of performance, and that can translate pretty quickly into organic growth. If these trends continue, that have really been moving that last couple of months. And we have seen that fund move from, just the fund alone, $3.5 billion in net outflows in the prior quarter to $1.9 billion this quarter and that continues to improve. So, that's always been a big driver of net flows. I think the Global Bond one is a little bit harder, a different category and not – while it's doing better with some of the emerging currencies, I think the duration in rates continuing to decline. Need to back up in rates. If the rates back up, that will see significant organic growth and I think pretty darn quickly because it'll be one of the few funds that will do well in that environment. So, I think you continue to bring new products out there and hope you catch on in a way that it can grow. But certainly the multi-asset category is a huge one and you've seen what's happened in Europe with it. So, there's no reason why that can't happen here in the U.S. as well.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think it's a question of resources being taken away from some of the bigger markets because of our initiatives in the smaller one. I think we have always felt that part of the competitive edge we have is our presence in all these different markets. And for us, Poland is also one of our operations and servicing centers for Europe, and we have a lot of employees that have strong presence there and it is a growing middle class in that market. And you take markets like a Taiwan that, for us, years ago, somebody would've said why are you bothering with that. But they can become very meaningful if you have an early dominant position. So it's not taking away any resources for us; it's just continuing to build out that retail capability where it makes sense, and you add it all up and it can be very meaningful.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean, I think it is significant because I would look at the first two months of this last quarter as in a risk-off environment where it was – the underperformance was getting worse every day and just the last six, seven weeks, it's been probably the best overall performance and we talked about some of the concentrated exposures that we have overall as a firm. But I think that to me, it's almost also a leading indicator to the market where we were saying, hey, it's been 10 years of this growth value cycle and, all of a sudden, value is starting to outperform and you look at even emerging markets had a better quarter. Value was up 7.5% and growth was up 3.3%. So you have – I think the turnaround and what people have been looking for whether it's currency is doing better abroad, oil obviously rebounding, and that affects probably four major groups' performance right now with the energy exposure and also the high yield exposure in the Income Fund. I think all of that can turn pretty quickly. I don't know exactly which ones are right. I haven't looked at that to say the three-year number who is within two percentage points or that. But I think the more important number is the market kind of gets the drivers for our bigger funds and I think for the first time in a while, we're getting some wind behind us as far as the relative performance goes.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Sure. Maybe it's better to just give you what we're thinking about in terms of G&A going forward. We do think that that line is going to come down a little bit so we're not expecting a lot of upward pressure there, keeping in mind that there's a lot of market-driven items that go through that line. So assuming a flat market, we just generally expect for the remainder of the year for that expense to come down from where it's been in the last two quarters. So, I mean, I'm not avoiding your question. It's just that you don't want to, like, waste all the time with the in-and-out accounting details. But generally speaking, we're thinking for G&A and other to kind of come down a little bit from where it's been the last two quarters for the rest of the year.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Sorry. Yeah. The performance fees, yeah, they are hard to predict and they impact over $20 million. If I think about it in terms of seasonality, typically we might have a little bump-up next quarter. So I mean, it wouldn't be unusual for us to see some performance fees next quarter and then, the fourth quarter, typically we don't have too much.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think it would. I mean, I don't think there's any question it was – when the market sell off to a 10% down through the first couple of months, that – and generally what is a very strong month this January. So, it's always very hard to say what would it mean, what would the number look like, but certainly, it definitely had an impact. And especially as I said for us, I mean, the positions that we had and with the dollar, oil and energy value growth, everything kind of moving the wrong way for the first couple months, that didn't help in the key areas where we had the largest assets. And we've seen the impact, and redemptions were actually a little bit lower for the quarter, which is kind of counterintuitive a little bit, but gross sales dropped quite a bit. That's what generally happens in that --when you get in that really volatile period.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Oh, I think a part of it was just the high yield exposure and for us having a fair amount of assets in the high yield area and the overexposure to energy there, I mean that led to some of the outflows.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean, as I've said, I wish we had an exact number because it's a little bit hard to collect and we did our best to collect from various sources. And I think the 401(k) specific number, which mostly is investment-only business, is about $31 billion, $30 billion, somewhere in that range. And IRAs are probably in the $70 million to $100 million range, I guess, is our best guesstimate there. And I think when you say it – I wouldn't say it's at risk. I mean, I think there's clearly – it means there's going to be some changes in how they're serviced and how we service and how we deliver through the advisor community, and still a lot of work to be done there. We have the share classes already in place that are being used today and some of that could move to those types of classes. We think the net result will be there will be more motion of money and we want to make sure, first and foremost, that we're doing everything with our advisors to make sure that the burden – we can help them manage this huge change.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. That got moved back for a while; I think probably six to nine months from hitting this quarter. So we'll keep you posted when we get better color, but it's still, I think, still hanging out there.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean, I do think it's early to speculate on those types of thoughts. And obviously, it'd be nice to have clear rules and, here, we don't in a lot of cases on the suitability and standard and how it's enforced and risks, and how advice is delivered. And I think a lot of that has to be vetted and figured out and a lot of legal fees to get there. And then, you're still going to have some exposure in doing it. So even the question of figuring out performance and what time period is the right one and at that at end of the day, anybody can question an underperforming fund versus an index during any given period. And I think those are the questions that we have to somehow address. I think at the end of the day, a lot of it is always performance-driven and more than ever. Today, you have more consultants involved in the selection of the platforms. So I think that has been in place for a while. And regardless of a fiduciary rule, I think that was just the trend where a lot of the 401(k) plans having a strong kind of – consultants helping pick the options, I think, that performance will always be critical.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I think it's more just looking at the way we do things and challenging our business processes that may have been set up when the business environment was different, and just seeing if there is ways we could leverage technology to do things smarter and better and more efficiently and gain more scale. That's the point I'm trying to make. When you start to take that approach, it gets a bit more challenging and time-consuming to go through and that. But those are the type of things. So specific lines of business, perhaps specific functions. Just are we – is our processes best-in-class right now or can they be improved? That's what we're looking at.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean, again we have dedicated people that are out there looking at the industry and like I wouldn't say anything been closed and we probably wouldn't mention that anyway, but we're going to continue to look. And as we said on the last call, it continues to be a priority with the offshore cash to utilize that in a way that enhances shareholder value and that's really what we're trying to do.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think looking back, if there's one common theme for why deals weren't done, it tended to be cultural fit
Gregory Eugene Johnson: But I would also add – I mean, your question just beyond what are the obvious issues the active manager faces in today's marketplace with – and changes in the distribution model and regulatory environment. Even in a robust environment, you'd probably, yes, be looking for more efficiencies, but I'd also say you don't cut your way to prosperity. And we have always felt like there are times when we have to continue to invest, to be strategic, to do M&A, to bring out new products. I mean, I think it's a changing world, and just trying to cut your way to maintaining margins, you'll be out of business at some point.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean, I think that's right. I think there's more pressure, especially for newer business, to utilize what we call an R6 class. But again, I think it – there's still a lot of work to be done before you can draw any conclusions on how fast that'll move. And certainly, you can conclude that the lower end of the market will be more passive, robo, and less people-intensive or advice-driven. Those conclusions you can kind of draw how quickly the pace moves to specific classes. I think, as you said, there's a lot of work to be done in the meantime before you can just say X percent's going to be there by this date.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah, I can. So think it was – let me just get your reference there. I think that we included a slide. Maybe it was it was 27%-ish or something. It's in the back that kind of breaks down. So there is a component of those two lines, distribution, revenue and expense that is sales-based and we've talked a lot about what percentage of the assets are sales-based. It's very small. And then the percentage that's asset-based. And so part of the reason that the net line has been going down is because of the assets under management be going down. So if you look forward a couple of quarters, I would expect that the net number would be a little bit less than it has been. I think it's been, I'm going to guess, like 115, something like that and probably it might – we're thinking now flat markets. It might go down to like 105 net per quarter.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think there's an increase in just your – I don't know if I'd call it specifically on your share class, but certainly the potential for an increase in how we did business versus how we're going to do business and terms of compliance costs and how we assist the adviser. Think all of that it's still there. We have a close partnership with many of them in delivering this and a lot of that has to be done, but there's no question that there's a major cost burden of compliance to – between all of the disclosures and sign-offs that has to be done that will increase costs.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: No. I think it's too early to try to budget that or figure out how that's going to be worked, but I think we would anticipate that based on everything we've seen.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think you always worry about that. But as I said earlier, I think what people – if you could understand that performance in relation to the market, simply whether it's value growth or different exposures in portfolios and then look at more near term and just – I don't think I've seen a better six-week period of relative performance for our flagship holdings, and so that's going to bleed in pretty quickly, too.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: When you have 500 basis points, 800 basis points of outperformance in a six-week period, that's going to help pretty quickly. And I think that's the momentum certainly with Templeton energy dollar, more recently some financials. All of that moves to numbers pretty quickly. So I would be more encouraged about the six-week trend than I would worrying about bleeding into the three and five because that's going to be more important. And as I said, that will bleed in, too, pretty quickly.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Right. So I just pointed that out because – and it was my feeling that we're not seeing a big change in the effective fee rate for the mix. In general, over the last longer term, it's been coming down a bit but it comes down very gradually. It's been coming down very gradually and it's effectively very stable percentage. So that's why I tried more to point out the anomaly this quarter.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean, it's a great question and I couldn't tell you how much – in terms of quantifying risk, I think we did our best in a, for us, in a world where we have omnibus and assets. We don't seem to come up with a fair guesstimate around how much is in 401(k) and how much is in IRAs, and we didn't include – if we include VA, that number is probably $180 billion of exposed assets, breaking out between about $50 billion in VAs and $20 billion, $28 billion in 401(k) investment only, and the rest in IRAs. So I don't think there's a big – certainly there's more risk than an average account because of the changes that are being imposed on the industry. But I don't know how I could possibly quantify that right now, Bill.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean, as you know, we're careful about any looking-forward pass the prior quarter. I would just say that the trends that were in place continue even today with oil continuing to move and energy moving in the right way, the dollar weakening, helping our assets and relative performance for some of our areas. So, all of that helps and certainly helps with the pressure on retail redemptions that you have a nice sort of rebound there, so I'll kind of leave it at that.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Oh, I think there's still pressure on the VA business as some of it closed out, so there'll be some lumpy timing items over the next year but nothing to really call out the next quarter.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, thank you again, everyone, for participating on the quarterly call, and we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thanks.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Sure. We did have an impairment charge in G&A that was about $30 million. That was offset a little bit by contingent liability. So those were the two major large lumpiness in the G&A account.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Well, one of them was that impairment charge. We weren't counting on that in the 3% to 4% guidance. And also looking out for the remaining quarters for the year, we might have another non-recurring charge in the fourth quarter, although that could roll into the first quarter as well. So those are two things that weren't known last quarter that we're factoring in as well as there's a lot of moving parts to this. We're rationalizing business lines and departments and all that. So we're just refining our estimate.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Sure. So the impairment wasn't related to K2. In total, it was related to a specific component of the K2 business, which would have been the old business contracts that we put a value on. And so we were just adjusting that value based on there've been a couple of redemptions and there've been sales having met the original projection. So, that's why we impaired it. So, it's just that one stream of business, if you will, not the entire enterprise.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Yeah, I agree. We haven't seen any specifics – changes in the trends. I mean, there are a number of targets out there that are always being rumored to sell and whatnot. And perhaps some of those are changing from non-actionable to actionable, but we haven't really seen a pickup in opportunities.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Sure. So, I think – I was anticipating I might get this question looking back at our history over the last eight or nine quarters and I think the message that I want to give is that our strategy for repurchases is consistent. I don't see anything today that would cause us to change what we've done historically. And sure, it's definitely in terms of activity ramped up when the prices declined in the opposite, but we continue to believe in the stock and we'll continue to be opportunistic.
Kenneth A. Lewis: I think we're at the point – I think there's room. I think there's room to drive the expenses down more in a number of different areas. And kind of – what's left, though, is a little bit more complicated to sift through and come up with definitive plan. So, it's going to take a little bit longer to execute those cost savings than the ones we've done so far. But that doesn't mean that there's not more room to trim expenses, it's just going to be harder to see that impact in the P&L in the short term. It could take longer.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Well, there's different ways of looking at M&A. I mean, we never start with, okay, we need an AUM target so let's look at the targets that have that assets under management and consolidate. It's more of a strategic-driven approach and the debt you have to marry with what the supply is and what the targets bring to the table. So everyone – every single deal that we look for the strategic rationale tends to be bespoke and adjusted for that target, so very difficult to generalize like in terms of AUM targets or specifics.
Kenneth A. Lewis: I think there would be perhaps more of a desire or want than a need, but we would still focus on that. And I think that that's a lesson that we've learned during the last two downturns that it's human nature when times are good to relax the purse strings and do things and do the nice to haves. But I think as a firm, we've grown up and realized that we need to be disciplined so that we don't get into those situations where we have to have massive layoffs or something at downturn and disrupt the business. So...
Kenneth A. Lewis: I think the caller before said it correctly, it's very difficult to say it because obviously it depends on the markets. If the global equity has a good quarter, I would expect to see some performance fees in June, maybe July that were similar to perhaps last year, but it's very difficult to say.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Yeah. So, I was referring to we're winding down a defined benefit plan in the UK and I'm not really sure on the timing of that but that's what I was referring to. It could be fourth quarter. It could be first quarter next year.
William Raymond Katz: Okay. Thanks so much. Just want to come back to the impairment you took on K2. I guess that's been an area of growth for you, so I'm a little surprised to still see the impairment. So could you talk about what drove the impairment? And then, if you just sort of step back and you talk about maybe your incremental appetite for alternatives which seems to be a pretty big area of growth still for the industry.
William Raymond Katz: Just a matter of segment, what you chose. Just what is an IRA – I just want to understand, just an IRA or 401(k), then that's basically the selection criteria you used against the $130 billion.
William Raymond Katz: I understand. Okay. And then just one last follow-up. Ken, you mentioned that there may be another impairment coming down either in the fiscal fourth quarter or early next year, fiscal next year. You probably won't be specific on the call, but can you generally talk about where that might be and is it an AUM level? Is it an exit-of-business strategy? I'm just trying to understand what that might be.
