Gregory Eugene Johnson: Hello, and thank you for joining Ken Lewis, our CFO, and I today to discuss second quarter results. Overall, there was a number of positive developments in the quarter, however, much of that was overshadowed by redemption pressure on global bond funds. Importantly, overall relative investment performance remains strong, and we are encouraged by the continued strength of our institutional and high net worth businesses as well as improved flows in several key areas. I'd now like to open the line for your questions.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean, I think it really reflects the effort that we started years ago, and made it a corporate priority, where we felt like the retail side was well-represented across the world and, really, institutional, we didn't have the penetration that we felt we should have. And as we've said in prior quarters, I mean, most of that has been outside United States. We spent a lot of time developing relationships with sovereign wealth funds. A lot of others have opened up insurance companies, and other areas in certain markets that were not opened to outside managers have opened up. And with our strong presence in many of those markets, I think that's resulted in sales as well. The area continues to be more fixed income. Templeton still has strong relationships, and we saw some significant Templeton wins in this past quarter. But really, a lot of it has been around the fixed income side, and global ag and emerging markets debt. And that continues to be where we see the strongest pipeline.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, it -- I don't know what the exact numbers. I'm sure we can get that for you. But for us, we've always felt that the defined contribution, especially an investment-only open architecture, will work in our favor. It's been relatively closed market for record keepers, and the trend and pressure towards open architecture, it opens up more opportunities for us. And you can take even within the segment the opportunity around target-date funds. It's very hard to sell your own target-date fund if you're not -- if you don't own the recordkeeping, but the more recent trend of even opening up target-date funds to outside managers within their proprietary product I think is a near-term opportunity and be a near-term focus for us. So you look across the product line, I think it -- we're well-represented on the equity side. And certainly, with Templeton and global bonds, it's a relatively new area in the investment only. But the majority of the opportunities are always going to be around the equity side and global equity side in the DCIO market.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes, I mean, I think it is challenging, and part of the challenge is that it's a relatively new category and one that we have such a dominant share in. It's hard to really see how you're doing against peers and what are the expectations of investors. And I think we said last quarter the redemption spiked for the U.S. fund, and that actually improved significantly quarter-over-quarter. The big spike was in Europe, and really, it's even harder sometimes to get a handle on what the end shareholder is thinking about when much of that is sold through platforms and gatekeepers. And if we drill down further, we can see specifically the markets where we had very fast and strong growth are the ones that are having higher redemptions. And if talk, as I have talked, to our distribution, they feel that there's a couple of factors working there. One, there was such a high level of fear in markets like Italy of where the euro was heading, where that market was heading, and a lot of a client's portfolio got put into global bonds. So they think a lot of this is a reallocation now in a more normalized environment where the euro looks stable. European equities are always going to be the dominant share of any European's portfolio. That really is the trade right now, so a lot of money moving back into European equity. So we can -- it is specific really, the high-level of redemptions that we're seeing, to those specific markets in Europe that probably had the highest level of concern over where the euro was heading, and we got those quick, large sales is where we're seeing the greatest pressure. And it's I think somewhat challenging from an education standpoint. For those that feel that they want to get back into equities, that's really what they're going to do with a portion of that portfolio. And from our perspective, a couple of things. I mean, I think that fund in that market will do better when it's a risk off environment in some ways and certainly when it comes to the euro and European equities, and then if rates rise at some point because it's positioned for that as well. So I think those are 2 of the key areas in turning around the more near-term flows.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think that the maybe one of the unusual events in the quarter that affected all those line items was FX. So just that alone, while it did not have a significant impact on operating income on the expense side, it did have a decent favorable impact on comps. So that's maybe order of magnitude of $6 million or so. And then you probably have another maybe $3 million, $4 million in the other expense lines related to FX. So that's one reason we expect expenses to go up. So I think if you look at the comp line, I'm expecting that to go up a little bit, maybe 1% occupancy, yes, I'm expecting that to go up a little bit as well. And then just to be clear on the information systems and technology line, that guidance is projected 2015 versus projected 2014. So that would imply a pretty big increase next quarter.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes, I don't think it's going to have a big impact on our business. It's because, again, we're more of the content provider. We're not the point-of-sale person in that. And I think regardless of what happens, they're still going to need DCIO plans. So I don't think that fiduciary standard would have a big impact for us one way or another.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think they can come to market pretty quickly within probably 3 months or so. And what -- I think the hard part is really getting the first one out there on platforms. And I think that's really where we've made key inroads, is having I think 72 platforms now that that's represented on, so that will make it easier for us to bring the next. And it really now is starting to get momentum here in the last few months where we're seeing larger trades and more interest, and now it's up to I think $840 million between the 2 funds. So it's always -- the first few years on a new product are always tough to get going, but this one, I think we are all very optimistic that we can expand that and really start to make a meaningful contribution to flows.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes, I mean, I think it generally will relate to where your shorter term performance, what is driving that, on whether you're going to be optimistic around a turnaround. I think the good news for Mutual Series, which historically has always had exposure to Europe and always benchmarked against the S&P, that's been a real drag. And they hedge, Templeton doesn't, so their more recent numbers are looking much better on the mutual side. And certainly, Global Discovery is doing well in the global equity side, and I think that will continue to be a near-term driver of flows that we're pretty optimistic about right now. And then I think the silver lining with Templeton, that because of Templeton's historical philosophy of not hedging the dollar, that's been a significant drag on relative performance as well as on just assets for us. And that, combined with the value discipline of, again, overweighted in Europe, that's been a near-term drag. And that in the last month or 2, the dollar seems to be leveling here, which is helpful. And then Europe for the first time, as well as all markets outside of the U.S., outperformed the U.S. So maybe that's the beginning of a longer-term trend that from our asset mix would be I think very beneficial. The other area, hybrid area, for us, you had a little bit of backup in the high-yield bond market that created some fear there. But again, we feel pretty good about the hybrid and Franklin income flows despite that anytime you have a high weighting of high-yield bonds, you're going to have more energy exposure and that created the shock over the last quarter. And that seems to be a little bit better. So those are the areas that I think we're more optimistic about in turning flows around. And then you take an area like municipal bonds. It's been under pressure the last few years. That's turned around into positive flows here over the last quarter. Hopefully, we can start to see a pickup there as well.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think our goal is to grow that business and make it a more meaningful contributor and get scale from size. And so that -- whether that's through an acquisition or continues organically, that's really -- we know that needs to be bigger. I think we're just pleased, and I wouldn't call it a trend. It's just a lot of work's been done to get some, I think, major wins with that group, and we want to just highlight that. But it's something you wouldn't just expect to happen every quarter to have $1 billion in net inflows going into that segment, but it's progress in the right direction. And on a base of $10 billion or $12 billion or $14 billion, wherever it is, today, that's meaningful to that business and important in growing the bottom line.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes, I mean, I think we're careful about trying to give any kind of indication where we think flows are going this quarter. I think, as I stated, it's helpful to have the stronger performance certainly in areas that have been dragging, like emerging markets. And I think that will help a lot of our different products, but it's probably too early for that to translate into a shift in flows right now.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well I think it, hopefully, will result in just better collaboration with the different groups. We've always been a company that has had a lot of autonomy with its investment groups. In the groups, there are different sources, different research organizations for information. And we just felt like we have such a strong team in place with a team of PhDs and led by Michael Hasenstab, that it makes sense to try to leverage that. And certainly, the other factor of near-term performance with what central banks are doing I think is becoming more important to traditional stock picking that we tend to do. So it's not something that we're going to push on the groups. It's just a way for us -- for them to have another resource and a view that I think will result in an overall more consistent view for the various different groups in the company. And part of that is thinking about currency when you're looking at global equities. And whether you decide to hedge or not, that's up to the various groups, but this will be a strong voice and a strong opinion on looking at currencies and how to add alpha through currencies instead of just leaving that up to the individual group. So I think that's where we'll see probably the majority of change.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes, I think it's early to talk about what effect it would have on products. I think the near-term question is when we look and discuss Templeton and the philosophy around not hedging and how that's been so detrimental when you have this kind of move for U.S. investors, a year where the dollar's been up 25% against a basket of currencies. So I think those are kind of in more near-term discussions. You wouldn't go hedge everything, but you would certainly consider hedging some of the funds or some of the classes of shares for those that want to have that protection and potentially lower volatility. So I think that's where you'll see the near-term effect on products, but that's still something that we're discussing with the groups. I think the other part, how does it affect our solutions, our tactical asset allocation, I think all of that we're still working towards coming up with what we think is the most efficient way to leverage all of that expertise we have in-house. But I think, first and foremost, for that group is they manage close to $200 billion, and that's really where you want the -- their focus to remain.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I would start with the global bonds kind of overshadows good stories underneath, and it's such a unique category. And I think it's fascinating that our 2 best-selling funds are global bonds right now. Last quarter, the Global Bond Fund, Global Total Return was #1 and 2 in gross sales. So there's still plenty of investors that want that exposure. It's just a -- I think it's just, again, a unique set of -- because you have shareholders throughout Europe that just have a whole different view and came into that with significant portions of their portfolio, that, that creates some near-term disruption. But it's also our best-performing area still and on a consistent basis over time. So I think that, when you have $4 billion in outflows in one quarter, that's going to overshadow a lot of stories underneath. So I think the other, as I've said before, I mean, Global Equity with Templeton, just the headwinds there by the dollar and the philosophy of not hedging, that's a pretty strong -- especially on like the Templeton Foreign Fund, creates some strong headwinds in the near term. So I think that that's another area that is somewhat unique. And then you take other areas, like I've talked about Mutual Series, why that has been a bit of a drag over the last few years but could be -- could turn around fairly quickly. And then areas where our deep value like our -- we've always had such strength with Rising Dividends Fund. In this kind of market that's more tech-oriented that's going to drag as well, that they tend to be more defensive funds. So some of the funds that we've led with have been a little bit more defensive in this type of market. Now we have growth funds, Franklin Growth Fund has very, a very strong track record across all periods. We're getting good flows there, but it kind of gets lost, I think, in the story.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think that remains to be seen. I mean, we really haven't had a significant rise. We've had a couple of blips on short term that have kind of moved back quickly. So I think there's always a market for fixed income. And the difference with fixed income is if rates go up, you attract new investors as they go up, and people that want to lock in liabilities and things, that creates demand in a down market for fixed income. So I think there's always -- there will always be a place for fixed income regardless if it's rising or not. I think the unconstrained question is one that we will see how that plays out and how those funds really do in a rising-rate environment. And we think our Global Bond Fund with negative duration will do very well in a rising-rate environment. That's what I said earlier. That's probably one of the catalysts to get increased flows back into that area. So I think there clearly is a concern on investors' parts for rising rates, and that's going to affect people going obviously into lower -- or longer-duration assets right now. But I think there's always clearly a place for fixed income.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating on our call, and we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: It's somewhere in between, I would say. We're talking about initiatives, but kind of in the, if you will, the easy-to-cut expenses, things are already in motion to slow that down, slow down hiring a little bit. So that's been communicated throughout the organization and we're seeing some of that come through the income statement. And we will see that too. But it does take time, and there's always a little bit of a lag to these things. And I guess I'm guiding up on expenses a little bit from decisions that were made in the past, and that will probably come through the next couple of quarters. But today, we are definitely taking a little bit closer look at expenses and putting a little bit more pressure on cost savings.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: I think there's a little -- yes, I would agree with that. On the variable comp side, there's -- we have some room there. Regarding the general -- G&A expense, I'm talking about the quarter that ended December. So more like that level versus...
Kenneth Allan Lewis: I wouldn't say 1-for-1. I think there was a positive impact on operating income but just wasn't material relative to operating income. It definitely impacted revenue and expenses, but they offset somewhat. Not entirely though.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes, I think in this quarter it was the euro-dollar, which I think is up I believe 13% or something like that. And so in this particular example, we did have -- we have a subsidiary that has a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar that holds U.S. dollars. And so it's just kind of an oddity of the accounting rules. It does get offset in other comprehensive income, but it does add to the volatility in income statement. So -- and [ph] that was a euro to dollar.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Well I'll try to give you a high level because it's just fairly complicated when you get into the details of the mechanics. But I guess the first question is why did we do it now. And what we were seeing was kind of a reduction in tradable volume for us. And we felt like this would help us meet our -- we're not changing our capital policies or strategies, but it would help us meet our goals because that was sort of a challenge for us in time. And so the idea that during the period where we would voluntary block ourselves out from trading, we have this 10b5-1 plan, so it just opens the window up for more trading days for us. And in general about the mechanics, it's -- we try to be more -- buy more when the price is down during that period and buy less when it's up.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes, I think that the devil's always in the details on these things. But clearly, conceptually, if it was advantageous to the shareholders, and from a tax perspective and from a capital management perspective, we would take advantage of any repatriation law that was enacted.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes, sure. I don't think that we'll have a repeat of last year in the second half of this year. I think what drove most of the performance fee -- the incremental increase in performance fees in 2014 was from K2. And at this point, it doesn't look like that number will repeat itself for the second half of the year.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes, this information systems and technology line, it's pretty hard, it's very hard to predict. There's a lot of big projects underway and there's project plans, and sometimes they come in on time, sometimes they get delayed. But we do and have had some fairly big system initiatives underway. They tend to be more operational in nature, HR systems, fund accounting systems, that kind of thing, and they tend to be multiyear. So I guess the only point I'm trying to make here is the expenses have been lower, and I just didn't want people to think that, that is a good run rate going forward.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: That's something that gets looked at quite -- well I wouldn't say quite frequently, but certainly every couple of years here. And to date, the conclusion has been not to change that. Although every time we go through that exercise, we do identify ways we can improve our existing structure and systems and processes, which is -- that's a current discussion right now too. And that's part of the technology projects that I'm referencing.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: I think it's more that we thought we would have trouble meeting our goals in the future, and this would help that. It was just becoming more and more difficult to meet our goals, that's how I would characterize it.
