Matthew Nicholls: Assume whether you take the $1.75 billion or whether you take the $1.75 billion plus the $338 million of additional deferred compensation.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. So, yes, of course. Yes. Well, yes, I mean all the multiples we just referred to assume 75% of the EBITDA numbers that we just announced.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Alex. So a couple of things there. In terms of the sort of unrestricted cash that’s available to do other things at the time that we close this transaction and we're assuming that we can close this transaction at the end of March, that that number will probably be something like $1 billion. So that's question one.  Question two on the GP commitment. There is very strong demand for the GP commitment from partners and employees, both at Lexington. And I know that the Franklin Templeton senior executives and other folks are looking forward to being part of that also. But you're right to highlight the fact that Franklin Templeton will also, from a balance sheet perspective, be committing capital to support the GP level. So yes, we have a commitment to that. We obviously can't say what the amount is, because it depends on future fundraising. 
Matthew Nicholls: Good, good question. So firstly, it may not surprise you to hear us say that we believe that ventures are quite undervalued. So we don’t really like to tie loot our shares. We don’t need to but, the more important parts of the question is that we think that the alignment of interests through providing equity in the actual business that the folks are operating in, you can’t get a whole lot better than that. We’ve got plenty of incentives across the firm, to make sure people collaborate and coordinate to create more value. The more that that happens, and that we create more revenue and EBITDA, the more Lexington will be worth in this case and the more Franklin will be worth. So we think that the two things aligned very well, in this in this regard, and frankly is probably better shareholder value for Franklin investors.
Matthew Nicholls: I would just say kind of the highest level we don’t really see ourselves, the multi affiliate asset management company from a model perspective. I wouldn’t confuse the autonomy and independence of our teams with being a multi affiliate asset management company. The brand strategy is because a number of our specialist investment managers are known very well for exactly what they do. And we don’t want to dilute that in any way. And that seems to resonate in the marketplace, both institutional and through other big distribution channels. That’s number one. And number two, while the coordination and collaboration across the firm, is some of the things that Jenny mentioned, do not in any way dilute the independence and autonomy of our specialized investment management companies. It is it is really good. There’s collaboration across the firm. And we’re definitely seeing increased opportunities via that collaboration. And it’s opt-in collaboration, we don’t force it across the firm. And you’re seeing an in an increasingly competitive environment, across the industry, that it’s, it’s really energizing for the company and our specialist, investment managers. We -- one thing we will have in common is we all want to grow, we want to compete, and we want to win. And we’re finding that this is a good strategy for us at least. It doesn’t mean that other models don’t work really well. Also, we have tremendous respect for our colleagues that have slightly different versions of our model. In our opinion, we think of ourselves almost like as a hybrid of a model that the we’ve referred to. And in terms of the insurance piece, we study these things pretty carefully. We have a pretty meaningful insurance, angle ourselves. But it’s an area that that we’re very interested in also. So, it’s one thing at a time, obviously, as we continue to build new opportunities for the company.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes, there. Sure. So including, including Lexington, assuming that we close March 31, or around that date, April 1 say, I would just take the numbers we provided in the margin we provided just divided by two, what sorry, the margin won’t be divided in two, the revenue and EBITDA would be divided by two, just assume that to add it in. So putting that aside, it on a standalone basis. For the first quarter, first quarter we were very early to give guidance for the year. But for the first quarter, excluding performance fees, we would expect our revenue to be approximately flat for the quarter and expenses to be down in the low single digits, let’s say because as you know, we do have some run rate expenses rolling through from last year from the merger related synergies. So we’ve got that we’ve got that happening. So I think, I would say that all else remain equal. Markets remain stable. We expect our adjusted operating revenue to remain at current levels and adjusted operating expenses to be down low, single digits compared to the fourth quarter. This is all excluding performance fees. As you know, we have had elevated performance fees for the last two quarters with $102 million in third quarter and $69 in the fourth quarter. Now obviously that does vary. I would in terms of modeling on that one. I think there’s been a little bit of confusion around how to think of that. I would just think of half of that being and the other half being not the other half coming to the parent. If that’s helpful.
Matthew Nicholls: No that that will be immediate. So that will run through, we’re, going through the – we’re obviously going to work through the best way to account for the transaction in the process of doing that. But I would look at it on a on a sort of an adjusted basis, you can expect to see 75 of the impact will be 75% of those numbers that we’ve highlighted running throughout our running through our P&L, basically.
Matthew Nicholls: And then I would just apply, our average tax rate to the EBITDA to get to a rough contribution level in terms of net income, we expect it to be probably mid to a little bit better single digits, accretion immediately on an annualized basis.
Matthew Nicholls: Thank you, Will. And then in terms of the performance base cash awards, Brennan, you talked, you asked about, they don’t begin until the second year, end of the second year, and they run all the way through to the fifth year. And they’re tied to a number of revenue and AUM base metrics that we anticipate over that period of over that period of time. And then there’s time based payments on this also, that, that we were very pleased to work on with the team. So we have a billion dollars at closing and we reference 750 million over three years. And that’s $750 million is split $250 million in the first year $400 million, the end of the second year and $100 million at the end of the third year. And then the $338 and then the $338 is pretty much even. It's a little bit different numbers but very evenly split between the second year right the way through to the fifth through to the fifth year. So it’s quite well balanced between through throughout through five years.
Matthew Nicholls: No, no, I meant within the 25%. So within the 25%, it will either circulate within Lexington, it will never go outside of Lexington, other than to Franklin, so it'll either be within Lexington, or Franklin will acquire more.
Matthew Nicholls: And then I guess just to complete the complete the picture, even if, in theory, even if Lexington Partners decide to sell some of their equity to Franklin, there is a minimum amount of equity that that needs to be held by the Partners when they're actively employed at the company. And it takes a number of years to sell down the equity. And that’s why we’re confident at the circulation point.
Matthew Nicholls: But also Rob just to add to Jenny’s point. If you think about alternative asset, specialist investment managers, they all either have like Clarins, for example, owns 80% Clarins, that’s the same sort of partnership structures we have with Lexington, and Benefit Street Partners we have basically the accretive growth units. It’s not equity, but it’s very close to equity. So in each and in many other businesses, we have the same thing where you’re basically as Jenny mentioned, we’re aligning interests. It doesn’t always have to be with equity, it can be a combination of equity, and cash in terms of how it relates to certain specific growth objectives for that particular business growth targets for that business. So it’s really a combination of things that works well for that specific teams, what we work on with them and what works for the parent company to make sure we get the right growth, growth going.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes, so a couple things. Firstly, the -- could you just repeat your first question? I didn't fully follow what you said.
Matthew Nicholls: So that’s that. And then in the other question, you asked. Sorry, I had to, so many questions you asked, well, I’ll get to the taxing second, you asked about the billion dollars of management fees. And yes, that’s that’s, that’s tied to the to 200. And frankly, is quite conservative, probably, that’s only management fee, revenue. It’s not anything to carry, or performance fees or anything like that. We think that’s fairly conservative, because already a fraction standalone, we’re probably at something like $700 million of management fees for the 2021, for example, and then plus, got it got us already quite close to a billion at that 40% margin that I said, I mentioned to you. In terms of the tax rate, I would continue to use the 23% to 24% effective tax rate guidance on all of this. Now we realized that this quarter was unusual in terms of the reserve that we’re able to release. So we do not expect any additional large reserves like that to happen. Although I should point out on taxes, that we’ve probably been able to benefit from about $150 million of the approximately $600 million of tax benefits obtained through the acquisition of Legg Mason. And we should be able to benefit from about another $200 in favorable tax attributes over the next two years. And then and then the rest will be over, probably seven years at that point six or seven years.
Tom Deane: No, I mean, I think that’s - hey, Glenn, how are you? I think that's exactly it. I mean, I think we see opportunities in alternatives broadly defined, expect that to continue to grow at a really strong rate. And it’s really sort of bringing the power of the platform to bear on the distribution alternatives, both institutional and retail. And the joint venture that we’ve effectively created as is first focusing on retail, and then we’ll look to expand it. But given the $200 billion now in AUM, we can afford to invest more in these types of products and services, which I think is - I think it's going to be good for everybody.
Tom Deane: Yes. And I think, Alex, in terms of the - what needs to be achieved to get to the hurdles on the various contingent consideration, we cannot talk about future fundraising on this call. But if you look at the past history of the company and the timing around some of these things we do - we do have some growth built in, but I wouldn't say particularly aggressive growth for the future, given a potential that we think we had together. One of the very attractive things about Lexington Partners is, frankly, they're very successful on their own. So the forward-looking growth of Lexington standalone is very attractive to us. And then when you apply the additional growth potential through adding our resources and broader client base across high net worth and other distribution globally, we think it could actually add more to the numbers that we've highlighted today.
Tom Deane: Well, I think that we have tremendous growth opportunities in each of each of the verticals. And we'll continue to look for opportunities to expand products, organically as well as inorganically. With respect to potential fundraising activity targeted at secondary real estate, or private credit, I'd sort of push that back to Will.
Jennifer Johnson: And Glenn, just one other point. As we tried to fill out our products breadth, we really believe the opportunity of multi asset solutions, that's where it gets knitted together as well. And that's kind of a - requires the teams to be communicating. You're going to look at risk factors across as you're building additional products around that.
Jennifer Johnson: Yes, so first of all, we’d look at it and say that, frankly large asset managers with the broad capability that we have, we think should be selling at a premium, not a discount. Because the sum of the parts, if the sum of the parts isn’t greater than the discrete parts, then we failed. So why is that? You look at starting with just our large partners clients, they are consolidating the number of firms they do business with, and you have to have a broad breadth of capability to be able to make those lists. Number two, if you think about just what’s happening today, with technology and technology disruption, and I’ll just start out with we talked about, as an active manager, if you’re not really good at leveraging data science and data analytics, ultimately, you’re going to have a hard time competing and active management and data is expensive. Our approach is at the center, we’ve created for example, an investment data lake and our individual teams of data scientists in there. So they can leverage that at their at their opt in choice. But we can negotiate large vendor contracts and gain independent access to unique cross-sells versus a data. Those types of advantages, if executed well at the core, become a massive opportunity. And then there are things back to that kind of partner point when you have a broad depth breadth of assets. You can do things like we have the Franklin Templeton Academy, which we built for emerging markets and find that partners in the developed markets want access to that kind of capability to do training of their teams. Thought Leadership with the institution, or the institute the Franklin Templeton Institute. It’s something that’s sought after by our large partners and then of course, just a massive global distribution footprint that no individual manager could ever support that kind of capability. And so, we think that that brings a strong premium. On your point on on solutions, Yes. I mean, you see what's happening in the insurance business, it's, it probably, that model will continue, you'll see more of those kind of deals, although there's a limited number. Yes, if you have a good solutions team that can bring together and customize. That’s an opportunity, and we look at where we can continue to grow that. But we also see it as an opportunity with our existing partners. And I know Matt's dying to add something here.
Jennifer Johnson: And just to kind of put an exclamation mark on it. I mean, I think the past there are times where we were very concentrated on a few products. Today, our top 10 funds represent only 19% of our AUM and of 14 out of the top 20 funds, by flows are not our largest funds. We are really not only diversifying our client base, but also very much diversifying our, our product base. And in the case of something like Oh, Sam, we’re excited about direct indexing. But we’re also excited about the capabilities of that being referred to deliver just our core active strategies as well, down the road, really enhancing the SMA portion of that.
Jennifer Johnson: Well, so first of all, the, the nature of which individual investment team structure is often is related to some historical acquisition. And the beauty of the alternatives business is because there’s the carry in there often itself is a great retention tool. And so that’s built into all of our alternatives, businesses. And then, when we did the acquisition, I mean, there were things that we were able to do in the acquisition, like Mason to ensure that incentives are aligned with a parent company, that everybody’s rowing the boat in the same direction. And as we talked about earlier, we’ve created an opt-in environment where we think there are some really good upsides to the teams by leveraging the core part of the business. And what we’ve seen is a real desire. We had recently a CIO forum where the heads of all of our different investment teams got together and I got to tell you, the engagement was outstanding. Everybody really appreciated it. And the conversations were very, very good. And so I think people recognize the benefit of being part of a great organization.
Jennifer Johnson: Great, well, I just want to say thank you for participating in today’s call today. We are at time, as you can hopefully tell, we’ve made a lot of exciting progress over the past 12 months. And yet, in so many ways, we’re just getting started. So once again, we’d like to thank our employees for their hard work and remaining focused on our clients and each other. And we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. So thanks, everybody, and stay healthy.
Wilson Warren: Thanks. Yes, we've been able to raise significant capital in our areas of focus in secondaries, both our flagship funds or our middle market funds, and then our co-investment business. So there's some structural drivers in each of those businesses that we think expand the market opportunities we look forward. So we're excited to go after it with our new partners and that's really it.
Wilson Warren: Yes so, as I said earlier, we see structural growth in our core products that exist today, but they are also secondary markets developing in in the areas you mentioned in private credit, and certainly in real estate. So as the alternatives universe grows, one of the interesting things about this transaction is the ability to consider raising dedicated capital in those areas. So that will be something that we’ll look at over the medium term, I’d say.
Wilson Warren: Yes, thanks, Matt. I mean, the opportunity to own a significant portion of our own business is something that we understand. The business has grown considerably since it was formed in 1994. And the opportunity, through this partnership and structure with Franklin to broaden that ownership is really exciting for our employees. So, I think this is a this is, for us the chance to have a really powerful and exceptional new partner, and at the same time, really bet on ourselves and our ability to continue to perform for our LPs.
Wilson Warren: Happy to take it. The answer is no. On on existing products, these are commitment fee pain products.
Daniel Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. So there’s a lot of moving parts as we think about expenses for next year. But maybe, Matt, if you could give us a framework to think about fiscal 2022 in terms of either x, the transactions, maybe on a core basis, or we can think about expense growth, or if you want to talk about them together, that would be helpful.
Daniel Fannon: That is just to clarify that. When you say that’s percentage down for expenses quarter-over-quarter or...
Daniel Fannon: Great. And then just in terms of the core business and gross sales and momentum in the prepared remarks, you talked about onboarding a wide range of product offerings with your largest global financial partners. So can you maybe expand upon I think you talked about Edward Jones last quarter, but maybe some other tangible examples of what products or channels are seeing that. And then also, maybe if they’re, you’ve had some one-off redemptions that you’ve called out before, if there’s anything to note for the fourth quarter, I’m sorry, your fiscal first quarter that we should be aware of as well.
Daniel Fannon: And I guess, Adam, in terms of the lumpy lumpiness, if you will, of numbers going into the fourth quarter, we there are a couple of potential large increases. Because one of the things we haven’t talked about since the announcement publicly is the O'Shaughnessy Asset Management acquisition, which was a very important acquisition in terms of customization capabilities. And that’s a tremendous team. And we’re really excited about what that could bring for us that may close in our first quarter. And that will add almost $7 billion under management. And then we also announced publicly, obviously, the acquisition of a team, a new team within fixed income in the LDI space that is expected to race fairly quickly. Again, it could be first quarter second quarter, but that that could be a few billion dollars. We will call out specifically that time.
Adam Spector: Sure. So let’s talk about the on-boarding. And I’ll go back to what we said about the merger, over a year ago, and how complimentary the two firms were. And if you think about the U.S., Legacy, Franklin, so much stronger, in the regional an independent channel legs stronger, and the wires outside of the U.S. Franklin much stronger in retail banking markets like Germany, Italy, with Legg Mason having a better presence in private banking. Each of those business segments really operate separate platforms. So Legg had its product on one set of platforms, Franklin on the other. Often, it takes a little bit of effort and work and sometimes formal agreements, to be able to participate on those platforms. Since we had the platforms, we were able over this year to execute a strategy where we brought on negative Franklin product on the Legg Mason platforms, and vice versa. That means that we have far more funds in the U.S. and the outside of U.S. now available for sale. That process took several quarters to execute. And we’re now in a position where we think we can sell significantly more next year because we’re able to do that.
Adam Spector: And Jenny, I would say that the diversification is equally true on the institutional side, where we look at our pipeline, there were no strategy, I think, is our first kind of asset classes more than 17% of our pipeline at this point. So really diversified on the institutional side as well.
Adam Spector: I was just going to add to that. If you look at our pipeline, it’s pretty incredible. About 20% of our flows are coming from eight and nine products in Europe. And it’s about 40% of our pipeline. So while we’ve got a decent business there, it’s just growing and growing more quickly than anything else we did.
Brennan Hawken: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple follow up on the $130 million of EBITDA. So Matthew, you said to just divide it by two for the six months, so I’m guessing that that means there’s no carry in that 160.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Great. And then does that mean that the 25% interest will sort of move with the vesting schedule, so five percentage points of interest going to that team per annum.
Brennan Hawken: Thank you for all the details. That’s pretty helpful. Just one clarifying thoughts [Technical difficulty] 
Brennan Hawken: Better now. Yes, walk a little bit. The 25% after five years, does that have a chance to actually increase and then election employees participate in more therefore diluting Franklin, is that what you said? I just want to make sure I understood that.
