Gregory Johnson: Well, thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking time out to join us on this call. I'm Greg Johnson, CEO; and I'm joined by Ken Lewis, our CFO. Hopefully everyone had a chance to listen to the commentary we made available this morning, but just to quickly recap, it was another strong quarter driven by strong equity markets, as well as the depth and breadth of our global presence.  AUM reached an all-time high of $671 billion, and we saw the benefits of diversification as flow trends to equity and Hybrid products improved, while fixed income flows remained strong. We were able to recapture almost half of the muni [municipal] fund outflows that we experienced during the quarter, via exchanges into other Franklin Templeton funds. Operating income was $659 million, began the year on a high note, but while part of the increase was due to some non-recurring items in seasonality, it was largely driven by the growth of assets.  I'd like to now open it up for your questions.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think it's probably a little bit of all the above. I mean, we tend to categorize global bonds and look at them like your typical U.S. fixed income fund, but they are different. And I kind of put them in the alternatives category in a sense. I mean, it's a new category for retail. We talked about it on prior calls about -- it has very small percentage coming from basically nothing to now being a part of a lot of retail portfolio. So it's a nice way to diversify. I mean, the records and you look at the last decade, how well they've done. And obviously, the currencies play a big part in that. And also I think just around the globe, the consensus of people worrying about their own currencies and a nice way to diversify your purchasing power. It really is a new asset class for the retail investor. Now with that said, I mean any time rates back up, you're going to have some pressure from rising rates and just the value of the portfolio, but it's just not your typical fixed income fund as far as rate sensitivity, and our fund has a fairly low duration relative to other ones anyway. So it's really more about how well you manage the currencies versus how much interest rates are going to affect that. And as long as you do that well, I think you'll continue to see very strong flows.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think as we've stated before, I mean it is a priority for the company. We recognize both on the institutional side, as well as retail, a growing appetite. We think it's a natural extension of what we do. We're a little bit hesitant about just going out and purchasing large hedge funds or alternative managers just because we think it's hard to have a consistent repeatable process where you can put different players into that like you can with a retail mutual fund process. So I think we're going to continue to be open to look at everything. A situation like a Pelagos is really more of a startup type for us to dip our toes into the managed future derivatives, hedge fund replication and then build that into our solutions area. The solutions area is another area whether it's outcome-oriented or targeted-type retirement plans that we will continue to build capabilities and have, as I've mentioned before, tactical asset allocation fund, hard asset funds, funds that we think can do well in a rising rate environment and funds that can utilize investments even outside of our own group, but the majority of them will be within our own group. So we'll continue to build that, but we're going to do it thoughtfully. And we've got no goal that says we have to be X size in a certain period. We just want to make sure that it fits within our organization.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, I think for us -- looking at the 20-20 vision campaign and our focus on U.S. equities, we feel like we continue to make very good progress there. And two of our funds, the Franklin Rising Dividend Fund and the Franklin Growth Fund, have really taken off as far as sales and continue to grow in terms of market share in non-proprietary channel. We've also been very successful in getting them on DCIO platforms, and that is going to be very important in all markets to kind of keep generating consistent sales. And that's an area where I would say, historically we've been under weighted on the U.S. equity side, but we do have some funds that are doing very well and are getting a whole new audience. I don't have all of the numbers in front of me, but if you look at the Franklin Equity Group as a whole, we talk about top two quartiles. But if you look at the first quartile overall performance, it's 77% in the three year, 73% in the five year and close to 80% in the 10 year of those assets and about 70% in the one year in the first quartile. So you really have excellent long-term performance with that group at the right time with the marketing campaign, and we are seeing significant market share improvements there, as well as significant net inflows into those funds.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think it's hard. I mean, I think every market's a little bit different as far as what's working and what's not. And I think just looking at the diversification we have by asset class and by geography, I think is really unparalleled in the industry. I look at the muni world and, of course, we felt like this noise was coming. I mean we talked a lot about it internally, tried to get people ready, but the muni market is a retail-driven market. It tends to be a lot more volatile because of that. And when you have the headline risk and some of the -- I think just confusion around the possibility of state bankruptcies and things, that you get an oversold market. But I think the good news about munis is, I think they -- like most fixed income markets, the yields can get attractive to new buyers and you do have crossover buyers coming in and when those yields get above treasuries, and I think some of the better information gets out about the possibility of state bankruptcies that, that issue will settle down and I think the market will come back. And already, in the last week or two, you've seen the market settling down a bit and hopefully that's a trend. But like everyone, we know these budget fights happen in the political arena, you're going to have a lot of volatility in the year or two ahead. But as far as how much you can keep and how much is working, I mean, it’s just, I think, too hard to generalize based on past trends.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think the offshore, the Asia Growth Fund continues to be very popular. We had $2.3 billion in net inflows in the quarter versus about $1 billion last quarter. Our China Fund as well, offshore was a top seller, and Global Discovery had good inflows. Our Eastern European hot fund had good inflows. So yes, I think the strength outside of the U.S. obviously is more in the global funds and more of the global sector funds. And in the U.S., the two funds that I mentioned, the big sellers were the Rising Dividend and the Growth Fund for U.S. funds.
Gregory Johnson: I'll start with the second part. The U.K. is just a, for us, a nice kind of fit where we get a group with long-term record and we can immediately try to leverage that through our sales relationships. And even we're optimistic that we can take that group and introduce them to some large distributors that we have global relationships with fairly quickly. Now I think the other market that we mentioned would be Australia, which is one that we've looked at some opportunities there and will probably continue to do so, just with the superannuation and the importance of having local Australian equity management there. Outside that, I don't think there's any major markets. I mean you could look at Japan as one, but probably not high in our list. We do have a domestic equity capability there now. The question around munis, and are we proactive? The answer is, no. As far as going out and trying to retain, that's probably a normal number for most fixed income funds where they would move somewhere else if somebody had a short-term concern on the market. And I think it goes to the strength of broker-dealers’ sold funds and where they pay a commission and go into the fund family. And if you have a well-diversified fund family, you will retain a lot of those assets because those people are in it to buy munis. That's what they want. But there may be a period where they want to shift out for a time frame and having a strong fund family allows you to do that, and also having paid a commission, they're not going to just jump out and move into something else because that wouldn't be appropriate. So I think the broker-dealer side, you do end up retaining more than you would on the direct side.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think it's really any of the shorter duration bond funds. We saw a pickup in the floating rate fund, which if somebody thought rates are going to go up, obviously that's a good place to go in the short term, and money funds as well.
Gregory Johnson: It is predominantly retail. I don't have the exact percentage, but it's the dominant 90% plus of the assets. And again, as I stated, I think the institutional side is more a global lag. It's not a specific sovereign debt category for the institutional marketplace, and that's an area where in the last year, two, three, we continue to build good momentum and still have a very good pipeline. I'd put that right up there with our top-selling category and much of that continues to be because of the strength overall of that team and the success on the Global Bond Fund that we're able to leverage into global lag, as well as emerging markets debt.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think we're working on it. We want to make sure that, that's part of the reason we came in with a 20% stake and want to understand exactly how derivatives fit into a 40-act [ph] type retail product. And so we'll take our time there and try to figure out where it fits. So I would imagine something in the next 12 months, we would expect but there really is no direct timetable to introduce those capabilities in our funds right now.
Gregory Johnson: I think you’ll continue to see some modest increase in headcounts going forward. Like I said, most of the business units are under budget, so I'd expect the hiring to pick up. Maybe a little background on the change in headcount this quarter. I think there were 60 to 65 with the net change. Most of that was in portfolio and portfolio support functions, sales and technology, and about a third of that were in low-cost jurisdictions. So I would expect the capacity headcount to be in those areas and in that geography. So I would expect a little bit of increase in headcount going forward.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think, overall, when you look at the industry, the last few weeks have been a little bit better, and the first few weeks were a little bit worse.
Gregory Johnson: No, I don't think there's anything unusual because it's made up of a lot of smaller investors, so hopefully that's a trend that we can hold.
Gregory Johnson: Well, that's been a big push of ours, and I think we continue to build out the capabilities there and we have a very strong team and I would agree. And I think that fixed income tends to rebound a lot faster in bear markets than equities do because of that current yield. And you're right, you do attract new buyers that come in and all of a sudden say, hey I can get X percent on a muni or on a government and that will attract a new buyer. And once rates settle down, that's true, you will come back a little bit faster.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think the answer is yes to both. You can do side-by-side. That's what we do, and we have been building very good relationships with the consultants and continue to see very significant separate accounts come in, in the last quarter or two of our largest separate accounts for global lag, so it's working.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think it's my view that I think you have to take into account the demographics of an aging population and how that shifts. And I think the -- probably the severe equity sell-off probably accelerated that shift a little bit. I think the other part of it is, if you look at the marketplace today and we look at our – where we're successful in the U.S. equity side and funds like the Rising Dividend Fund or a Hybrid Franklin Income Fund or a Franklin Growth Fund, that tend to be a little bit viewed more conservatively managed, less volatile versus your traditional growth momentum fund. I think part of it is the advisor gravitating towards that instead of what used to be a momentum or even a large-cap growth. So I just think there's some shifts there that it's just very powerful when people are getting older and they're not going to want to take the risk that they were taking before and that's not true in every country, but I think that's the case I would make in the States. And you also had an incredible run-up of equities during that period. And I just think it's going to take time and you're probably not going to get back to those kind of flows.
Gregory Johnson: No, I mean I don't think we're seeing that. I think for us, our performance has been better on some of the U.S. funds in the near term. And if you look at our big global funds, they have a value bias value. Value has underperformed growth here for the last couple of years. And Mutual Series is more defensive in nature and has higher cash levels, and Templeton has been under weighted material through the last few years. So I think that’s hurt the shorter-term performance for some of our core global funds. And as you would expect, we're not doing as well there as we would like to be.
Gregory Johnson: Now we’re probably just a little under half of the money that's going out, we're retaining. It's exchanging and not just going out of the fund family. So if we had over $2 billion in outflows for the quarter, we retained about $1 billion through exchanges. So 50% I mean, whether that's the question before. Is that a number you would -- we've never really spent a lot of time looking at that. It's just because of this unique period here we went back and looked at that number, so I don't know if that's high or low. It's something we're going to look at. But as I stated before, I wouldn't want to just assume that's a number to model out at 50% prior...
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think it just depends on people's individual view. And again, when you're building a portfolio and building risk into a portfolio, I mean you get a little less obviously equity risk by having that, as well as just straight interest rate risk, by having that category. So I think that's up to the individual where they think equities are going or where they think rates are going to make that kind of call. So I wouldn't want again...
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think there's always shifts. I don't think there was a dramatic shift. And I think we talk about short-term underperformance because we expect it in that fund in any given time when how quickly the euro can move on some headlines and that's going to affect. Hopefully, we get the longer-term trends right, and that's what we've done. But there's always going to be periods where we have short-term underperformance with that kind of fund.
Gregory Johnson: No, actually -- I mean, the California funds are doing -- I think it was second quartile for the one year through the end of the year. It's really duration. I mean our muni funds are run for current income, as well as total return. And so at any time when interest rates are backing up, we will underperform in the short run. I mean it's as simple as that. We think people buy munis for the higher yield, along with the stability of principal, that's how we manage the funds. So again, depending on what rates are doing, we generally will underperform and that's been the key driver, not the quality of the portfolio. It's been really the duration.
Gregory Johnson: I think if there is a tax holiday, we certainly would take a good hard look at it and see what's in the best interest for the business. But I don't think there's anything special to Franklin in that regard.
Gregory Johnson: I think the M&A is more about manufacturing capabilities in areas where there might be product depth, that's what you saw in the acquisitions that we've made.
Gregory Johnson: Well, thank you, everyone, for attending the call, and we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
Kenneth Lewis: This is Ken. I'll take a stab at that. I think there's a couple of ways to look at this question. First, if you look at our balance sheet, keep in mind that a significant part of the balance sheet we have to reinvest in the business. And by reinvesting in the business, we're talking about seeding new products and co-investing and also keeping money on reserve for restricted purposes. So I would say that almost 2/3 of the balance sheet is for reinvesting in the business and earmarked for those purposes. And the remainder, as you know, part of it is offshore and part of it is in the United States. So that's kind of give you the perspective from how we use the balance sheet. Regarding the philosophy and the strategy, I think that remains unchanged. If you look at our history, this quarter's payout ratio is kind of indicative of our long-term history, and I think that's proved to be very beneficial to shareholders over the last four years. I made this comment last quarter, but I'll just reiterate it. Over the last four years, we’ve generated over $1 billion of cash, kept debt stable, and we've reduced the shareholder accounts significantly by about 12%, I think over the last four years. So we continue to be cognizant of returning and providing value to shareholders. And the other two comments I'd make is the markets do turn, so it's good to have a strong balance sheet. We saw that through the financial crisis and not only from a financial point of view but also from a client point of view. We found that to be -- the fact that we have a strong balance sheet to be one of the factors that we were able to retain and attract clients during that period.
Kenneth Lewis: Well, we've said this before too. Looking at the short-term margin, we feel it's not the best approach to running the business. And so I guess, in that sense, if the markets took off faster than our planned spending, you would see some expansion in the margin. Having said that, I have in my pre-recorded comments mentioned that we do think the spending will increase, not a function of the margin itself, but a function of our strategic plans. And I can say that most of the business units are under budget, so far in this fiscal year, so that's why I thought it was prudent to put some guidance out there on the spending levels.
Kenneth Lewis: Sure. This is Ken. Yes, I guess, I want to start by re-emphasizing how we run the business. I mean, it's very much an assessment of the market environment, assessment of our strengths and where we want to focus on the next three to five years. Of course, we've backed that down into an annual process. And so much of the revenue is driven by the market that it's just, we think, not the best way to run the business to focus on short-term margins. And so regarding the strategic projects, my comments were directed specifically to technology projects. And I guess, the question is, you're trying to get an order of magnitude of what spending is on IT and others. I don't think that it's the order of magnitude that would take the margin down to that 32% level in the short term. We're not thinking about that. It's just enhancing our systems, improving our customer service functions and expanding globally, more in line with the spending progress you've seen in 2010, I'd say.
Kenneth Lewis: The answer is yes to both. So before we put the earnings release out we issued the 8-K showing the changes historically. Hopefully that could help update all the models. And certainly, in the Q, we're going to break out the expense line item to show which component of the expense is more or less sales-based, which component is more related to assets under management, and then we'll show the amortization of the first commissions. And the Q should be out very soon.
Kenneth Lewis: I don't have the breakdown available in front of me between those two. And I would have the same question as far as the pickup in redemption activity. I think it was somewhat unusual to have that, along with a strong equity market during that period. So Cynthia, I don't have a good answer on that.
Kenneth Lewis: Yes, I think it will vary. I mean, for us, it's probably similar to that. But we do have institutions that use the U.S. government fund, for example. So I think in a fund like that, it would be higher, but I just don't have a breakdown in front of me.
Kenneth Lewis: Marc, this is Kenneth. Something about the Muni business, the tax reflects $70 billion so. I don't know if that's what you're...
Kenneth Lewis: We have some intermediate funds and they had positive flows, so I'm sure that was where you thought a percentage of the exchanges went into the intermediate muni fund, as well as we have some money market muni funds that they could have gone into as well.
Kenneth Lewis: And I think it would be our intention to -- like we did last time, we were able to bring back those dollars where they're more flexible here as far as buying X stock and paying dividends. It will be our intention to bring most of it back.
