Adam Spector: Yes. Glenn, I just might add that when we talk about the distribution of alternatives to the wealth platform, yes, that's a broad strategic effort, but each platform is a little bit different. And so I think one of the things we've been able to do well over the last few quarters is to engage with kind of the head gatekeepers of each platform to say what type of a strategy is really best for you. Some want perpetual, some want other things, some want a product where there's going to be a broad consortium of banks participating the deal, others want something that's more bespoke for their platform. So we've really been able to be a little more specific about what we're offering on each platform, and I think that will pay significant benefit.
Adam Spector: I would add, Jenny, that -- yes, I would add that -- a few things. One, the asset class is just more attractive flat out with higher yields, and it's less risky with lower degradation, so I think there's just a better data to be had in the fixed income. The other thing we've seen that is on the pension side, as we see folks a little better funded at this point, looking to the eye type strategies, which we're now offering, it's another area where you might see some growth in fixed income allocation.
Adam Spector: Yes, we're up quarter-over-quarter. Remember that Core and Core Plus are about 1/3 of Western's total AUM. They have a lot of other things that are doing exceedingly well. And on top of that, even within the Core and Core Plus plan, we've got a very significant institutional pipeline.
Adam Spector: Yes. I would just say that Alcentra brings two things that, one, is a product capability that's very European-specific in addition to other products, but that really helps us out with our alternative franchise and a real distribution capability as well. Both of those things are added.
Adam Spector: Yes. I would add that if you think about all of the transactions that Franklin Templeton has done, one of the real hallmarks of them has been a lack of overlap in product. As you get larger, that gets harder and harder to have 0 overlap. But in general, we feel really, really good about the transactions we're doing and how little overlap there is across the product set. I think there's also a real advantage of having a regional specific alternatives manager, which means that those products will be even more geared towards the local market. Two other comments I would add is that within Europe, there's really two different pieces of the -- of bringing alternatives to the wealth channel. One is really at the ultra-high net worth level, and the other is more at the mass affluent level. We want to make sure we address both. And then finally, I would say, sustainability continues to be a big trend around the world, but especially in Europe. So in Europe, to the extent that you can add sustainability to your alternatives in the wealth channels, that's where I think the real growth will be.
Jenny Johnson: Sure. So let me get -- one, we picked Stellar at the time because Ethereum was something called proof-of-work and Stellar was proof of stake. And the difference as you hear on the criticism of Bitcoin is all about how energy -- what an energy drain it is, and that's because its concept is you have to solve algorithms to be able to post on the chain, and so that's a big energy drain. Whereas we knew that that was going to become more of an issue. Ethereum is trying to shift to proof of stake. And so we ended up -- Stellar was designed as proof of stake, and so we selected that. We decided to build this money market fund, honestly, because we think there will be a convergence. Over time, these types of tokenized assets will become -- I think they'll become securities and they'll be regulated. Now there's other countries that are further ahead probably than the U.S. in this, and -- but I think that there's going to be a convergence, so we wanted to make sure that we understood it and we were able to get in front of the wave. We think ultimately, it will drive down cost in this environment, so we'll be able to deliver the same kind of quality investment products at a lower cost when you build these types of things on the chain. And starting out with the money market fund just made a lot of sense. Honestly, we looked at and we still think it, and you've already -- now you're starting to see it, that some of the products that were deemed "stable coins" that we're yielding 7% and 8%. Anybody who has an investment background knew that there was no way there could be a stable coin. And so we just felt like it made sense for us to to come out with a money market fund. And we worked with the SEC, I mean, literally throughout it. As we both became educated on it, it took a while, and we are an approved 40x money market fund. Where it goes, well, the market's going to evolve as people get more comfortable with this asset class or -- it's not even an asset class, with the technology where they can hold their tokens in a secure wallet, which is complicated in itself. And right now, it's a lot of people kind of playing around that space, but it will become more institutionalized. And we can take all of these learnings. What we built on the Stellar system can launch other 40x funds. So again, it was just really a way to make sure that we're understanding disruption as it comes to our industry, and that we're riding the wave forward.
Jenny Johnson: Yes. I mean, a couple of things. First of all, in the past 10 years, Western has absolutely outperformed in nine of the 10 years. And in the 1 year, they underperformed 2018. They crushed it in 2019 and made up for any underperformance, so I always like to say be careful betting against the Western. And as a matter of fact, while it's a little early to tell, my CFO constantly reminds me that quarter-to-date Western is in their top decile. So they're proving out that maybe their positioning could be right. So -- but as I said, from here managing the business, we're happy that we have really diversified perspectives on end products in the fixed income space with low correlation. Now, institutional investors, Western has a lot of conversations with them. They understand Western. As a matter of fact, Morningstar just maintained their Gold rating and talked about how they have high conviction on the investment team and that they are an excellent investment team. And so I think we're continue to be very optimistic. I think people slow down for now, but it wouldn't be surprised. And yet, I believe the Core, Core Plus is our top selling from a gross sales fund. So there's obviously still a lot of money going in there.
Jenny Johnson: And I would say on the Lexington that they are on schedule despite the environment on their fundraising. So as --
Jenny Johnson: Just to add, during the due diligence process, as you can imagine, we checked on the reputation of the firm with the consultants and institutions, and we're very comfortable with that. We think they still despite some of the headline stories around turnover have excellent reputation in the market.
Jenny Johnson: So I believe that we have said that we would like to extend our ownership in there now that the regulations have changed, and so we're in discussions to do that. We also have a wholly-owned fee, which would give us other optionality if that -- we were not able to buy 100%. Look, China is a massive, important market. We were early as far as firms, asset managers who did joint venture partners. We have unbelievably excellent performance, have had really stable investment teams there. We hired Dr. Ben Mang, who is our Chairman of Asia-Pacific and is well connected. And we -- it has been a profitable business for us. We think it can be much more meaningful as far as its contributions over the long run.
Jenny Johnson: But just saying, BSP was very, very U.S.-focused, right? And so -- and Alcentra had very little footprint in the U.S. A little bit, I think, on CLOs and things. And so Europeans tend to like to buy -- everybody loves to cheer for their home team, so Europeans tend to like to buy European private credit as opposed it's much harder if you can even do it to sell U.S. private credit into Europe. . And so there can be global products. You can have some of the deals worked on together from a team, some of the research can be shared. But the good news is it was really hard for BSP to sell their products into Europe, and now we have excellent private credit to sell into Europe and even Asia.
Jenny Johnson: Great. Well, I just want to thank everybody for participating in the call today. And once again, I want to thank our employees for their hard work and remaining focused on our clients, particularly in this type of market environment and also for supporting each other. We look forward to speaking to you guys again next quarter, and I'd just say enjoy the rest of your summer and stay healthy. Thanks, everybody.
Matthew Nicholls: Okay. Alex, on the management fee incomes from -- on the management fee revenue from the alternative asset managers that we have, we'll likely aggregate something like, on an annualized basis, $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. I think we've communicated that in the past, and that's consistent with what we said. That's about 50% up from the previous year. And that excludes performance fees, of course, as we've explained. So that's where we're at on the management fee revenues.
Matthew Nicholls: And then -- and then if you're looking for the -- for an idea of what the overall alternative asset business is relative to the size of our franchise, if we pro forma the business for Alcentra, for instance, where about 19% of our alternative management would be in the alternative asset space, 21% of revenue roughly in, probably up to something like 1/4 of our operating income will be from Alternative Assets as a whole.
Matthew Nicholls: I'll just end by saying, Patrick, that as you know, we study M&A pretty hard in the asset management arena, including both traditional and alternative assets. And we felt that globalizing, as Jenny just mentioned, globalizing our alternative credit capabilities by adding Europe is very important given the growth potential in -- across that region, frankly, both the U.K. and Europe. And we concluded, while we like to grow things organically ourselves, it's our #1 priority is always to grow organically where we can. There are some things that just take too long to become a leader. Too long to grow, too long to be relevant, frankly. And in our opinion, it would have taken us perhaps a decade to create what Alcentra has become, just like it's taken 15 years to become what Benefit Street Partners has become. And we just concluded that this was the best way to become a true global leader in alternative credit. So that's why we did what we did. And to your point on price, the price is driven a little bit around some of the uncertainty in the overall market. But also it's just a function of how M&A can be structured, and we've done that very carefully. And we've got in the growth of the business, and we expect there to be growth. As Jenny mentioned, there are multiple sectors, multiple strategies at Alcentra, and most of them have grown quite nicely, and we expect that to continue post-close.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. So on overall expenses, I think in the last call in the last quarter, we guided to $3.9 billion to $3.95 billion of adjusted operating expenses for the full fiscal year ended 9/30. The update to that I would say is that we expect to be on the lower end of that. So instead of just saying $3.9 billion to $3.95 billion, we expect to be closer to $3.9 billion and then to $3.95 billion. And remember, that includes Lexington. So we -- a couple of quarters ago, I think I explained that we were in the $3.9 billion to $3.95 billion excluding performance fees and excluding Lexington. Last quarter, we said $3.9 billion to $3.95 billion excluding performance fees, including Lexington. This quarter, we're saying $3.9 billion to $3.95 billion excluding performance fees, including Lexington and would be on the lower end, we believe, all else remaining equal for the year. In terms of specifics around that, I think last quarter, I guided to the different line items and we'd expect those to be approximately the same. So G&A to be approximately $140 million, occupancy around $57 million and IS&T to be around $125 million, and all those things are obviously inclusive of Lexington partners. And then our comp ratio, we've guided to around 45% for the year, and we expect that to also be at 45% for the year. In terms of performance fees, we don't guide on performance fees, frankly. I mean, the way I've communicated this in previous calls is to say that we think for modeling purposes, $30 million to $40 million is reasonable. Obviously, we acknowledge the fact that we've been higher than that for a few quarters now. But again, it's very hard to calculate where our performance fees are going to be. But all I'd say is that obviously, the reason why performance fees have gone up is because we're performing well in a number of our asset classes, both across real estate and credit. And other areas, frankly, we've crossed about 9 of our specialist investment management companies, although it's concentrated AB&3. It's because we're just getting larger in alternative assets that the potential to earn more performance fees is going up as we continue to increase our alternative asset business. But I'm sticking with --
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. I mean, a good portion of the increased performance fees quarter-over-quarter has been from our real estate franchise, Clarion Partners, where the performance has been outstanding. So I'd say a good 60% of it or something like that and then probably a higher percentage of the increasing performance fees that we've had is, frankly, just from performance thresholds being met and quarterly realizations of that performance has made the performance fees actions. So that's the -- that is the primary source of the increase in performance fees. But I wouldn't want to understate the performance of our credit business also that has led to performance fees, performance fee increases over the last two or three quarters, in particular. The -- it's really a combination of realizations, quarterly performance thresholds and annual performance fee thresholds. Maybe it's helpful to say that we think that our performance fees will probably peak at the calendar year-end, so that would be the end of our first quarter. And then perhaps another useful point is out about $127 million this quarter, approximately 70% of it is specifically quarterly performance fees. So you might get to argue that something between $60 million, $70 million could if we have exactly the same performance next quarter or this quarter. Again, I'm not guiding you this way for modeling purpose. I've already explained how I'd look at that. But you could argue that we could at least get up to $60 million, $70 million if we were to repeat that.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. So firstly, out of our roughly $2.6 billion of investments, let's say half of that is very liquid, highly liquid, like well over $1 billion of it is highly liquid. But it's been important to see new funds in order to accelerate access to distribution opportunities. I think we've explained that we've got a very good multiple on that feeding in terms of the AUM that's been created from it. So that's sort of number one. So we wouldn't want to liquidate that, but we can recirculate that. We've got much more disciplined, but not just letting seed capital sit in funds for like 5 years. So every year, we're able to circulate several hundred million dollars, I would say, out of the $2.6 million. And a portion of that recirculation, Alex, is going into more of the alternative asset area. We probably have $800 million or something like that now invested across the alternative asset businesses that we have, which is more longer term in investments versus the rest. It's more short-term seed capital. So number one, we're getting better circulating it even without increasing the $2.6 million. But number two, every year, we are earmarking a meaningful amount of income, and our cash if we need to, to continue to invest in GP level alternative asset opportunities. I should say that we -- when we provide that commitment, we also allow our senior employees at both the Alternative Asset business and across Franklin to invest, and we're getting so much interest from employees to invest in these areas that the actual commitment of Franklin and making off the balance sheet is reducing versus increasing. But again, if we -- we don't have that interest because of general market condition or something. Franklin is there, and we could expect that to increase meaningfully. In terms of the amount of cash that we think we have, so let's say, excess cash or cash available to do further investing, and then including M&A, put that in excess of $1 billion. But obviously, in this current market conditions, we are very cautious, very disciplined. And we think having cash on hand for opportunistic situations is going to be a competitive advantage of ours. So that's how we look at cash. We felt that we're in a good position with the around $6 billion or more of cash and investments. Disciplined with circulating the investments, adding to it carefully each year. And with the cash piece, you mentioned upcoming acquisition-related things, you're right. That's why we're concerted with it because we do have $1.6 billion of acquisition-related payments over the next four years. We also have $1.4 billion of debt over the next five years coming due, which we can reason adds, but we also like to be able to delever where it's -- when debt is getting more expensive. So that's how we look at that.
Matthew Nicholls: I mean, yes -- sorry, there's a little overlap, Adam. But the opportunity to work together, whether it's on transactions, flow with -- from a distribution perspective, helping raise capital together. I mean, there's really meaningful opportunities on a global scale with the two together. And obviously, the relationships across two are also complementary, so we think there could be some really interesting opportunities there as they work together.
