Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Thank you, Alex. Good morning. So, a couple of background points first, why have you done this, what we expect to get out of it. And then, I’ll talk a little bit about the implementation costs and timeline and so on as you’ve asked. So first of all, why we’ve done this? We’ve done this because it unifies our investment management technology across all of our public market businesses which as you know extensive amount of specialist investment managers. This importantly was a decision that was made collectively across all of our specialist investment managers and has taken us no less than 18-months to two-years to make this decision. In terms of the benefits, it brings several things including most of what you’d expect candidly, but most importantly in the form of one platform versus multiple vendors. I’ll just go through a few of the benefits. One, portfolio construction and risk management tools, a single investment book of record, integrated order management systems and connectivity, importantly consistent reporting across the firm and this is good for both clients and for internal reporting purposes. And, it assists in developing cross team, cross specialist investment manager, multi-asset solutions. And, also as you know we’ve been active strategically in the business adding companies over time and with a single platform like this it’s easier to add new business. It’s easier because it’s faster and lower cost to integrate. Thirdly, in terms of implementation costs, so implementation costs are expected to be approximately $100 million over the next three to five years. The peak of these costs will be fiscal ‘26 and ‘27 where we expect about 60% of these expenses to be assumed. Importantly though, we expect to absorb between 50% and 100% of the implementation costs, meaning on a quarterly basis over the next several years, we expect this to be close to neutral from an operating income perspective. At or around fiscal 2028, we expect to begin to realize savings of about $15 million per annum. And then in 2029, we expect that to raise to $25 million at least. Next quarter, we will add approximately $3 million of additional cost to IST associated with the start of this implementation. But again, we’ve got several things going on that should mean that we can absorb that based on other expense initiatives we have in the firm. So as mentioned, given other initiatives the impact per quarter should be quite modest if any. But, if anything is important to call out, we will obviously do that per quarter, Alex, and we’re most likely going to be able to do that in advance in our quarterly guidance. But as I said, the most important message here is even though this is an expensive implementation exercise, we’re going to absorb most of those expenses due to the other efforts that we have going on across the company. In terms of the guide for the next quarter, we expect our effective fee rate to remain stable at 37.5 basis points. We expect comp and benefits to be $825 million very stable from where we were this quarter. This assumes $50 million of performance fees. We expect IS&T to be between $150 million and $155 million. This includes the $3 million that I mentioned earlier with respect to the beginning of our implementation around the investment management platform. Occupancy, we expect to be in the high-70s around $77 million, $78 million and G&A we expect to be between $175 million and $180 million.
Matthew Nicholls: And Jenny, the only piece I would add to that is that, while Lexington historically has been focused on the institutional market, there are significant efforts underway, to ensure that they can better tap the Wealth Management channel by offering perpetual vehicles in Wealth Management in both the U.S. and non-U.S. markets, and that’s something we’re very actively engaged in developing.
Matthew Nicholls: The only thing I’d add to that, Adam and Craig is just for context, obviously we’re delighted with the $25 billion arrangement and the $20 billion we’ve got in so far. But, relative to other clients and investment management firms that the Power Group of Companies does business with, it’s still fairly modest candidly. So, we have a way to go with that relationship and we think of this as a multi-year exercise of building the relationship further versus just something has happened as far as a consequence of a transaction. But, I think it’s important to note and obviously we expect this, I mean, the Power Group of Companies have very significant relationships with other investment. That’s going to continue or we’re doing is pitching for our fair share of it.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. No, I don’t think there should be any mistiming’s, but as I said Dan, these things are quite complex. We’re not underestimating at all the implementation complexity of a project like this with Aladdin. I should say though that we’ve done this is an understatement to say we’ve done extensive planning around this both planning with our partners that’s both over at Aladdin and Deloitte, the consultant that we’ve hired to work with us on implementation. We’ve done extensive due diligence, we’ve built in contingencies and we have very significant resources, at both Aladdin and Deloitte and of course our own team. But, I don’t so I think we’ve done a ton of work to sort of determine, how the implementation expenditures will work. We’ve been extremely focused on this. If there is anything to call out, as I said, I will do that. But we and again, don’t want to jinx ourselves, but we don’t expect that to happen. In terms of how we’re able to absorb it. One of the tangential benefits I’ve referenced in previous calls of acquiring being so acquisitive over the last five years, notwithstanding all the additional work and complexity around acquisitions, it does lead to future opportunities to integrate and to be more effective and efficient across the different platforms and providers we have. A large portion of the savings is going from multiple providers down to one. Of course, we’re going to have other relationships still on the technology side that complement our relationship with Aladdin. But, we’ll have less than that. We also have a much larger scaled relationships. So of course, the pricing benefits that we have are very meaningful in that regard. The amount of resources we have externally from the Aladdin platform and our partners there and Deloitte are more than we could afford ourselves and frankly absorb some of the costs that otherwise we would have, if we were modernizing our own platform, for example. So, it’s all of those things sort of combined. We have multiple middle offices. We have multiple systems. They’re quite complex technologies all good and it works fine just to be clear. But, this is coming boiling down into one platform this way less vendors, more efficiency across our whole firm, which is needed anyway in terms of where the industry is heading is how we’re able to afford to do this in the effective way as I described.
Matthew Nicholls: And, our footprint now in Japan really is not that different than anywhere else in the marketplace. It’s nice to be able to have a significant local base there. Because of that, we have a strong institutional business. We’ve seen the results of that inflows this quarter. We’ve been able to really accelerate some of the great performance that Putnam has and won some assets there. In the retail space, we have a relationship with a number of different distributors. We also have a very strong insurance business in Japan. The only other thing I would note about SBI is that Japan is not a market that is, always recognized for its innovation, and SBI is an exception to that. It’s one of the first significant firms to really be breaking through on the digital side in terms of client engagement. And, we think partnering with them will allow us to be one of the first asset managers to have more of that direct consumer digital engagement model in Japan. And, the asset base in Japan now is close to $50 billion for us.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. I mean, I think Jenny you covered most of it. I mean, there’s differences from last quarter, Bill, on the EFR, for example, the business mix is probably a little bit under 0.1 basis point, Putnam was 0.9. Now a lot of that has to do with the calculation at the EFR itself. But we thought the 0.9 would be a little bit less than that, hence the slight difference from the guide that I gave. The reason why it ended up being as much as 0.9 is because frankly, Putnam is growing faster than we anticipated, is growing faster now, projections every month it’s growing faster than we thought. For perspective, Putnam’s AUM is 23% higher than when we announced transaction or 13% higher than when we closed the transaction. And they’ve been in positive flows every month since both quarters since. So, what that’s meant is because they’re at a lower effective fee rate, the averaging and the calculation, everything, it means that the EFR has come down a bit. If you take that into account and then you take into account previous quarters where we’ve had episodic boosts to EFR such as Lexington’s catch up fees. Our EFR has actually been fairly stable. I mean, it has come down a little bit, but it’s normally by 0.1 here and there. And that as Jenny mentioned is largely due to a little bit of the mix and frankly the growth in ETF, Canvas, SMA solutions. And we expect that group of things to be growing. It’s very hard to have all of the things flowing that we’ve invested in one quarter. One day we will actually get alternatives, ETFs, Canvas, SMA and solutions all coming together at once where we get the fundraising in ops lined up with all those other more organic and more on-going growth areas of those vehicles. When we do that, we’ve got a good shot at it offsetting the areas of shrinkage that you referenced. I’ll also point out that if you take out some of the larger sort of tax or fixed income areas that you’ve pointed to and others have pointed to, we’d be in positive flows in the business right now. So anyway, just to give you a little bit more information on AFR.
Jennifer M. Johnson: Hey, Brandon. So, first of all, Lexington’s fundraising focuses this year, just to cover a little bit of that, has been middle market and co-investment, and that’s gone well. Meanwhile, they’ve been obviously deploying Fund 10. And, basically, the message is that they have been deploying it faster and at higher discounts than historical. So, it’s looking very good. We don’t have a specific date, but it is quite possible that they will enter the market sooner than they anticipated just because of the ability to deploy the capital faster. And, I think we all see it, right, the liquidity that’s needed in the space. They also interestingly, we mentioned it in the opening remarks about their continuation vehicle. So, they have about $6 billion that they’ve done where these GPs have a particular holding that they want to retain, but some of the LPs want liquidity, so they spit it out into a new vehicle. Lexington hired a market leader in that. They actually think that there’s opportunity to even create a fund in that instead of having it be part of, their traditional funds. So, I think that’s going to be another opportunity for Lexington.
Jennifer M. Johnson: They are definitely starting to narrow, but they are still seeing, robust discounts versus historical discounts. They’re still better than historical discounts.
Jennifer M. Johnson: Yes. So, I mean, we’ve been in Japan for a long time. Fortunately, Putnam actually has great relationships in Japan. And as a matter of fact, this quarter, I think we had $3.2 billion in net inflows in Japan. Big part of that was institutional business and with Putnam. Japan on the retail side has been a little bit more difficult and it is a market that is beginning to launch ETFs and starting to talk about digital assets. And, honestly the foreign investment shop, it can be difficult to penetrate that. So here with SBI, they have a tremendous reach. I mean, they’re probably the largest digital financial conglomerate. And so it’s I think it’s a 51% owned SBI, 49% Franklin Templeton. And, we’ll be launching joint ETFs. And, as the digital market opens up, we’ll be able to launch products there in the crypto space as well.
Jennifer M. Johnson: And actually I’m just going to say one thing on that. It’s often viewed that ETFs are potentially lower margin and I think that comes out of the history of it being sort of early on passive. Honestly it depends on kind of the strategy in the case of the income fund where we’re having so much success in those other vehicles, the pricing is actually very much in line with what the mutual fund is. And arguably over time, the cost to us will be less with the ETF and the SMA, because you don’t have the transfer agency and the fund administration costs in the same way that you do with the mutual fund. That actually was one of the drivers in our decisions to outsource those things because it allows us as the business shifts to have greater flexibility in the expense supporting the business.
Jennifer M. Johnson: So, first of all, as if rates go down, I think we probably are guessing two cuts this year. Obviously, cash becomes less interesting as your fixed income allocation and you’re going to probably see people move more into other fixed income. We’ve had two out of our three SIMs in positive net flows in fixed income. As a matter of fact, Franklin’s performance is excellent with 71% of AUM outperforming peers in the one, three, and five year. Brandywine has 92% of their AUM outperforming peers in the five year category. And five out of our top 10 gross selling strategies are in fixed income and that actually includes some of Western strategies. We have positive flows in a lot of different vehicles. So, our cross border with our euro short duration is in positive flows. Our ETFs and fixed income are positive flows. Our retail SMAs are in positive flows, and we have positive flows in our closed end funds. Interest and actually the largest portion of our institutional pipeline is fixed income. And again, that does not include Great-West Life. Interestingly, if you think about passive and how it potentially impacts fixed income, it’s been the areas that passive has actually cannibalized to some extent has really been in that core and core plus space. And so in multi sector, the highly customized munis, Adam help me out on the other strategies. And you’re not seeing that kind of cannibalization from the passive. And then Western as we’ve talked about their positioning has been longer duration. So as rates come down that actually is potentially a benefit as far as the positioning and, we’ve seen it in their kind of one month performance has improved a lot.
Jennifer M. Johnson: And I just to add, one thing on the on cash management because a lot of people look at all the dollars in money market funds and think that that’s going to move out. But our money market funds, Westerns tend to have sovereign wealth and corporate treasurers who aren’t allocating as a temporary in between. As a matter of fact, Western had $2 billion in net flows, which really came from a product that was very competitively priced and attracted money from corporate treasurers. And then actually Franklin’s product, which is a Luxembourg product, had $800 million in flows. I think that was the fastest growing money market fund from some list that I saw, which was really offshore clients who wanted to take advantage of the yields in the U.S. And I think that product now it’s Luxembourg U.S. dollar short term money market fund, and it’s now $1.1 billion in AUM.
Jennifer M. Johnson: And I could add that we’re not on a uniform technology platform. So, as you migrate certain SIMs over, you retire their systems. And so it is a little bit lockstep as you go along.
Jennifer M. Johnson: Well, I just want to thank everybody for participating in today’s call. And once again, we’d like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication, and we look forward to speaking with all of you again next quarter. Take care, everybody.
Adam B. Spector: Yes, sure. So, with any client, I think you see a relationship grows over time. So, the first $25 billion was really something that was more contractually oriented throughout that process. We have been able to meet many Great-West Lifeco executives, as well as, the related power companies. We are in the midst of product development with them. So, the initial allocation has really been based on the types of products that insurance companies generally are interested in. And, I think if you look at most insurance companies, you’ll see significant allocations to some core fixed income as well as a tail that goes to alternatives. That has been the allocation we’ve received so far. But, what we’ve been able to do since acquisition is to work with Great-West, Great-West Lifeco as well as other power companies to develop newer products both for the retirement platform as well as doing things, on a JV venture on the insurance side. So, we are, not at a point yet where we can pinpoint what those will be, but there is significant product development going on, with Great-West, and we think that we will continue to see, the allocations broaden out from the core fixed income that has been the basis of things so far.
Adam B. Spector: Yeah. I’d add a few things, Jenny. The flow there has been quite strong for us at 3.3 in net flow, this quarter and that’s 7 quarters in a row where we’ve had about a $1 billion or more, in flow. As Jenny said, that flow is coming from a geographically diverse base where we saw about $900 million coming in from EMEA, and about $0.5 billion coming in from the Americas region. I’d also just follow-up with Jenny’s point on being agnostic in terms of vehicles. Our most significant and longest tenured mutual fund, US mutual fund is the income fund. But if we look at the income fund for this quarter just as an example, we saw very slight outflows in the mutual fund, but positive flows in the related SMA, positive flows in the cross border fund, positive flows in the ETF. So, by offering four different vehicle types there, the category for the income strategies in general was net flow positive. And as investor demand becomes more global and shifts away from mutual funds, having multiple vehicles allows us to capture that flow.
Adam B. Spector: Yeah. I would add a few things. We didn’t really talk about the muni franchise in that, Jenny. The muni performance is really strong. We have about 90% of assets, outperforming on the one year period and about 75% outperforming on the three and five. We think we’ll see significant growth in munis, and the fact that we had a strong SMA franchise there as well as mutual funds, it’s really helping us. In terms of, the shift in rates with, a steeper yield curve, we think we will see money coming out of cash into longer term fixed income, which should benefit us. The other thing we’ve seen is that in a market, with fairly tight credit spreads, we see allocations going more and more to managers who have the ability, to be multi sector or multi credit exposures and, to have the ability to allocate across those different sleeves, and that bodes well for us as well as we are very strong in those areas. The final thing I would note, is that our insurance capabilities are highly specialized, and we’ve seen real growth in fixed income coming from insurance specific mandates where the regulatory, reporting compliance aspects of managing those accounts is as or more important than the alpha generation.
Adam B. Spector: And Bill, the final thing I would add is Jenny talked a lot about alternatives. Alternatives and wealth management is something obviously we’re focusing on that I think is very positive from an EFR perspective. And the final thing I would note is that our core sales that and we think about that as sales that are less than $100 million are up at about 14%. That tends to often be higher fee business, and we see very significant continued growth in core sales.
Adam B. Spector: It’s inclusive of that. So, there will be periods of time where we’re paying for both Aladdin and we’re paying for other vendors. But the quarterly kind of view or vision that I provided to you includes that assumption. So, we still think that there would be very modest adjustments to or impact to operating income per quarter based on our plan over the next five years. Remember, of course, that portion of the $100 million is capitalized. So that gets spread out over more years, probably something like 50% of it gets capitalized over more years than three to five.
Adam B. Spector: Yes. And we have and the other thing is that we the time that we’re implementing Aladdin, we are also implementing other important opportunities across the company that again offset as I mentioned earlier, offset those the sort of the double pay you have to pay across different vendors. And that’s why when you get to the outer years like ‘28, ‘29 and so on, when that gets eliminated, you’re starting talking about $25 million plus of savings.
