Jennifer Johnson: So our focus pre close, as we've said, is really on integration of holding companies and integration of distribution. So - and really leaving the affiliates alone, which means that we're not focused on fund consolidation. Having said that, there's very little overlap in our products. As we said, this was really about filling in product gaps. And so there's very little overlap anyway. But that's where our area of focus is.
Jennifer Johnson: Sorry. Let me just add a couple other things. As Greg pointed out on munis, so I just want to say, you heard a lot of noise on munis because of the levered munis in the market. We didn't have levered munis. We had already moved to higher quality, which is actually, as there's been dislocations in the muni market, has enabled us to raise and really gain some opportunities there. And I think as you hear states talking about bankruptcy and others, there's been no time like the present for a true solid credit team on the municipal bond area, that will really differentiate. So we're excited about that. And then as Greg mentioned, BSP. BSP has raised $1.3 billion in this window, including just under $1 billion for their private debt and special situations fund.
Jennifer Johnson: So we had a couple of large institutional wins in March, which accounted for, I think, about $2 billion of that. And it was in the multi-asset and advisory and K2's strategy. We're getting - the inflows in the U.S. equity have been very strong. The fixed income has been - Franklin fixed income is actually in the - Tax-Free has been picking up. They had large redemptions as others, but the performance has been very, very good.
Jennifer Johnson: Yes. And I would just add that the other piece of this is there's a lot of regulatory approvals that have to go in the process. And we are on path. Those are on schedule, and we're getting - we've already gotten several approvals that have been required. As far as the distribution, the distribution world at Franklin Templeton is going to have to look different when you think about all the underlying brands that we will have. And so not only are we ensuring that we get the best of from both organizations, but that we structure it in a way that supports what will be this new organization.
Jennifer Johnson: That's right. I mean we've had over 20,000 clients attending webinars, I mean, virtual conferences. And just as Greg said, one, they're much more receptive to it. And they're actually starting to like it because they recognize the efficiency of being able to get the information quickly.
Jennifer Johnson: Yes. I would say that the gross sales are more like the February number and essentially March, too, if you took out the two big institutional wins. And then the - what's happened is redemptions have reduced significantly.
Jennifer Johnson: So I'd say that the first conversations with institutional clients is that the institutions set up calls independently with Legg and Franklin to make sure we had the same story. So - and the good news is the feedback was, wow. You guys are absolutely consistent in your story. Second point of feedback was that there was - it was actually anywhere from neutral to positive because there was certainty around ownership for the affiliates at Legg Mason. And they saw the Franklin's kind of long-term approach to things as being positive, and that there would be certainty around that. And then the third, the fact that Franklin has a record of acquiring and leaving the independent investment teams in place really fit to how Legg Mason has approached things and how the affiliates wanted to work. And so it was a demonstrated record around that. So they had a lot of confidence in the - that we wouldn't go in and muddle with the investment teams and the investment process. And so I would say that, overall, that it has been anywhere from neutral to positive. Matt, do you want to take those last...
Jennifer Johnson: And so I'd just kind of summarize that. When we announced this deal, I think that the market was pleased with the strategic nature of it in filling in the product gaps, diversifying our client base, adding scale in major markets. And I think the concern was, will there be outflows as other deals have seen? And again, because there was very little product overlap, we felt that, that was less of a concern here. I think that the initial conversations with the institutions and the consultants has been positive. So again, while it's still early days, we actually feel like that concern is unwarranted.
Jennifer Johnson: And that's - our strongest area of improved performance has been around the U.S. retail side. But we do have some strength in some of the APAC regions. Australia was a big improvement. That's actually where that large institutional win. Malaysia, Korea. So we do have some strength in some of the APAC region as well.
Jennifer Johnson: So first of all, as a firm, because we've been - we operate in 35 countries. We have over 100 offices. We have broad global platforms. We adopted to video conferencing at the desktop. Years ago, there isn't a meeting internally that happens without somebody being on video. And so for us, one, it was an easy transition as a firm to shift to working from home. And that includes probably 98% of our employees in India, which is where a lot of people had trouble. And so we just built this into it. So it wasn't hard for us to make that adjustment. What was - what has been actually positive is that now clients want to be interacting that way. And so the beauty is you can scale. You take a - we have - our CIOs are doing virtual conferences. I mean, they literally are doing virtual road shows, where they are scheduled one client meeting after another. They'll give up a day to a region, and the client will have a series of it - or the distribution person will have a series of advisers on those client calls. And what you're just finding is that people are much more accepting of it. And so we have, as I mentioned, we've had over 20,000 clients attending just the webinars. We have podcasts out there that have been picked up. We have a volatility center where - which actually is - our distributors have found it so good that they're highlighting it within their own virtual conferences and pushing their advisers towards it. So I think where does this go in the future? I think that you're going to see many - it's much more effective and both cost-effective, and in some ways, just from a time standpoint, it's absolutely better to do these types of calls if your clients want them that way. So I think the hybrid wholesaler is going to be much more the model of the future. It's not going to completely replace visiting people. You're just going to have a lot less in-person visits.
Jennifer Johnson: Yes. So our high net worth business has been about $20 billion. And we think it's a great business for a lot of reasons. One is it's a great business in itself. It's a very sticky business, but it needs more scale. Fiduciary Trust is older than Franklin Templeton. This is a business that really is one of those core, just premier high net worth. And so we wanted to get more scale. So we - in that, when we acquired Athena and Penn Trust, it gave us two capabilities to add not just scale to the business, but specific capabilities. Athena is renowned in the U.S. for endowments and foundations for its ESG. And Penn Trust has specialty on - in - for people who have special needs children in managing those trusts for those. So not only do we get capability, but we're adding scale of adding with - that increased by 50%, the size of Fiduciary Trust's assets under management. In addition to that, as the world is moving to more fee based, advisers are getting pressured by clients to provide more of a wealth management. What was historically preserved to just really ultra-high net worth people are now being requested of financial advisers. So things like financial planning, tax efficiency, even estate planning. So having this resource within the firm allows us to be able to take some of that and be able to offer it to advisers. And just as an education, we have our - one of our heads of trust council doing a webinar for financial advisers to just talk about educating them, so they can talk to their clients about estate planning. And so these types of capabilities, we think, will build greater loyalty and, with that adviser, that growing fee-based adviser network.
Jennifer Johnson: Well, actually, we've had referrals. We actually have one client that was a referral from Athena. And again, we haven't closed Penn Trust yet, and we actually have about $825 million in the pipeline that are just referrals from Athena that Athena would not have been positioned to be able to take on but the broader Fiduciary Trust can.
Jennifer Johnson: Yes. So we entered India 20-plus years ago. And we were a fixed income manager there, and the - or portfolio manager. In India, anything below AAA is - AAA-rated is considered non-investment grade. And the high-yield market is still very immature there. So we've had a large fund - it's actually six funds that were invested with a lot of this kind of private debt. And in October of 2019, unfortunately, SEBI came out with new guidelines saying that any investments in unlisted instruments in funds could neither be - you can't have more than 10% in a fund, and you can't trade them. So that orphaned about 1/3 of our fund there. Now, in the meantime, we managed - we had worked hard to managing laddering maturities, diversifying sectors, diversifying ownership and had been able to manage really a decline from about $7 billion to just under $4 billion. Fine. But unfortunately, with this 33%, including actually not increasing - as we've had that decline in AUM, not increasing the percentage of unlisted instruments. But it just got to the point with the pandemic, where essentially the market froze up and you had increasing redemptions. There were a couple of defaults there in India. And things like Vodafone ended up in default because the Supreme Court ruled against them. And so that created a bit of a run on the funds. And we looked at it and just decided the only way to really preserve the value for our investors was to halt any kind of subscriptions and redemptions and really go into wind-down mode. The underlying holdings, this is not a solvency issue. It's very good credits in the underlying holdings. It was really just a timing of the redemptions versus our ability to create liquidity to meet them. We were worried about the impact on our equity business there, in our high credit business.  There was initial redemptions in the high credit. We have about $2 billion in high credit and I think about $6 billion in equity. And that seems to have stabilized there. It's just very unfortunate because, obviously, as you can imagine, with India being locked down, there are people who need that liquidity. But it really was about selling those assets at a fire sale and very little buyers because of this regulation not permitting trading. Having said that, as of last night, SEBI just reversed that and is actually allowing some trading and allowing banks to hold that. So it remains to be seen how well that opens up the market so that we can return that capital to the clients.
Jennifer Johnson: And I would just say that the press has been very fair on this. They've actually really dug into the - and understanding the issue. I'm not sure that all of the press around the world would be as fair as India's been around the issue of the underlying credit still being good. And we have not seen a broader contagion in our emerging market business in other markets. It's really been within India. And even within India, it hasn't seemed to impact our equity business very much.
Jennifer Johnson: So I would say, first, one of the good news, and again, as we talked about, the strategic benefit of this deal, was this diversification of a client base. And so there isn't necessarily direct overlap between coverage. So that's one. And two, when we got under in things like U.S. retail, they're strong where we're weak and vice versa. So our goal is to have as little disruption on the distribution side with the frontline people, who are engaged with clients. And so that's the area that we are least looking for those kind of synergies. Having said that, the distribution leadership from both sides are very engaged in designing this and figuring out what the best approach is going forward. And so it's really trying to get the best of both. It's also one of those things where, I think, in any market, a great salesperson always has value. But this is probably a tougher market than other times to be able to walk out the door. Now we don't rely on that. There are retention mechanisms in place. And we're focused on exactly making sure that we get the message out as quickly as how we're structuring this and who will be there. But we're trying to - I think the key message is we're trying to have as little disruption on the frontline, client air facing people as we possibly can have.
Jennifer Johnson: Well, I just want to thank everybody for taking the time to do this call, and wish everybody to remain healthy and safe in their shelter in place and not go too crazy in your shelter in place. Take care, everybody.
Matthew Nicholls: I think just to add to that, there's various countries that we have presence where Legg Mason does not have presence. So we're focused on those too, in terms of potential growth. Distribution, as we talked about extensively on various calls, is a key area. And obviously, the operational side of things at the holding company is a big focus in terms of the planning efforts.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. And as we're quite far into - well, we're basically at month end, just today there. We can say that we expect to end the month at just over $600 billion under management. And the flow picture will look quite similar to February, maybe a little bit more elevated than February, but very close to that.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Thanks, Dan. I mean, hopefully, as you've seen in the quarter, we've continued to display quite disciplined expense management. It's really hard, as I think everybody can appreciate, to guide based on the current unique circumstances that we're all facing. But our previous guidance of 2% to 2.5% down for the year based - using 2019 as a base of non-S&D expenses, I'd say that we can certainly double that, for sure. And we'll probably go a little bit deeper than that, is all we'd say for now. So it's probably between 5% and 7% down versus 2019.
Matthew Nicholls: Well, I hope the comp isn't permanent because we hope for improvement in comp as the firm continues to evolve and grow again. I think you could look at the IS&T part as being pretty permanent. We're being very disciplined around ensuring that comes in at - in the high 50s, low 60s million per quarter. So that we're pretty confident. And that includes investing in certain areas of technology. So that 6% to 7% lower in IS&T for 2020 includes shifting of projects, reprioritization, being able to invest and lowering costs. I'd say parts of G&A, which we expect to be about 10% lower for the year, is also permanent. Obviously, going through this period, there's exceptionally low T&E by definition because nobody's traveling. So we could expect that to come back up. But still, for the year, we'd expect that to be down 10%. And excluding one-off items like impairments and things, of which some comes under G&A, we'd expect that to stay at that level in a disciplined way. And, again, this is just Franklin in stand-alone. Of course, we can't talk about what this - what it would look like with Legg Mason at this point in time. And then the occupancy expense, I think I've talked about this before, it's gone up a little bit as we've repositioned parts of our real estate here and built more real estate. But then, at the same time, we're offsetting that by leasing parts of our owned real estate to tenants that are still paying us. So that's how I'd sort of present that, Bill. So comp or benefits, obviously, will remain variable. But the other expenses that we've - other expense adjustments that we've made across IS&T and G&A are the more permanent ones.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. So we have - I'd say we have two critical work streams going on where we can't operate as one company, as you know, between signing and closing. But we have work streams around planning, so that we're ready for closing. And we're not closing until September 1. So we - approximately September 1. So we have a good amount of time to get ready. The two major work streams is, one, the holding company functions. We obviously don't need two holding companies. We only need one. So we're working on what that would look like and planning for what that - what the result of that will be. And then the second one is around the LMGD and what we - which is Legg Mason Distribution Group, at the holding company level, which is really retail distribution for the most part. As you know, with the affiliates, that's - they have their own institutional distribution. And our global advisory services, which is our much larger distribution marketing product area. So there are strategic and planning streams going on in both of those. And I'd say that Jenny should talk more about the distribution side. But on the holding company function side, we feel quite organized. We'll probably be ready at least a month before closing in terms of how we're going to do things going forward.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. And we're very focused, Bill. As I think we described very clearly in this business, we know the importance of stability and continuity and with the client distributors in particular. So we're extremely focused on that. But at the same time, we're extremely focused on the cost structure of the combined company and making sure that we delivered exactly what we said we were going to do.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. But one way of looking at it, Bill, is that the net flow picture for March is going to be one third of the - sorry, net flow picture for April is about one third of March.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. In terms of the synergy part, Brian, I'd say that when we announced the transaction, we talked about a gross synergy number and a net synergy number. The net was following about $100 million investment. Of course, we don't need to make that $100 million of investment right away. We can do that over a longer period of time. And in these market conditions, you can expect that we will do that, and we will be extremely focused on the gross synergy number. So that's one - point one, and that was $300 million. The two - the second point I would make is that, I think, as we all know, there is a portion of an asset management company's expense base that is just fixed to make sure that you retain the right people and the team, to make sure you're investing in the business for the future and making sure you're positioned appropriately across the board in the various parts of the company, both operations and front-office and so on. When you go through a market like this, which is exceptional, the - exceptionally bad, I would say, for the industry. The - it means when you look at our combined company, our ability to be able to control costs across a broader base is we have more leverage, basically. So there's a single - two single companies, you have that fixed base. And there's only so much you can do together. We probably will have more levers to pull in the event that we have a sustained market downshift back to where we were in mid-March, for example. And that's how we think about it from a risk management perspective. We have to be prepared for - obviously, we hope for good times, but we also want to be ready for very difficult times in our industry and our company.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Yes. I mean, it would be about the same on the adjusted as well. It's not too far off on that. It's maybe a little bit more on the adjusted. And as you know, on the adjusted number, that's what we have more control over versus what the business needs to do in terms of paying for third-party distribution services. Yes, we're going to have on this topic of non GAAP financials, we're going to have separate calls with each of the analysts to make sure that we address all the questions for your models. So if that's what you're trying to get at as well, Brian.
Matthew Nicholls: No, I think you said it exactly right, Mike. As you know, we're a conservative company when it comes to capital management. And while we think our - just to be very clear, we think our equity price is very, very attractive, it's just prudent for us to make sure that we face this market with - in a way that's very balanced. And in our view, we've obviously just earmarked a big portion of our cash to acquire a company to position ourselves for the future. So we've got that. We have repurchased some shares, and we will repurchase shares to hedge our employee grants and other grants around our stock. But aside from that, our plan now is to sort of take a step back from it. And other than completely opportunistic repurchases, we don't intend to use our capital to repurchase shares until after the Legg Mason transaction closes. And - but the - just to complete the capital management with dividends. We keep where they are, as you know we're pretty - a sacrament to us. We want to continue to pay out dividend. Answered the question of share repurchase. In terms of the other capital management, we - you can expect to see very little in terms of other strategic inorganic purchases from the company because we've got several transactions to digest. We have the wealth management deals, which are already going quite well. And obviously, we have Legg Mason, and we've got some distribution things that we've been doing. So we're really done for now in terms of inorganic use of capital.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes, other than very modest repurchase to hedge employee grants and things. But yes, we expect to - that's going to be very minimal.
Matthew Nicholls: We also - we've also been very focused on the profitability of this business. That was an important prerequisite to agreeing to help build out the business through some acquisitions. And the acquisitions are certainly helping solidify the profitability story around this - around Fiduciary Trust. And even though we don't report it externally this way, we were really pleased with the last quarter of results from Fiduciary Trust, which was, I think, represented almost a record for that business. So we're quite pleased with...
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. So a couple of things there. First of all, on the Fiduciary Trust front. We do still intend to grow Fiduciary Trust. We already increased it by more than 50% through the actions we've taken this year. We could do a couple of smaller transactions, but that would be sort of really not material to anything we're talking about around capital management. So I don't want to completely say we're closed up. The point I was making is there won't be anything material that we're going to do around capital management involving M&A. But with Fiduciary Trust, just some smaller bolt-on type transactions in particular states, for example, that don't, frankly, move - they don't have any impact on our capital management strategy can make a real difference to how we continue to reposition and grow that business. So I wouldn't say that my comment on shutting M&A down for the foreseeable future impacts our strategy on the smaller bolt-on type transactions. In terms of the pro forma capital management view, I think it's a little bit tough one, Alex, to answer because the market's been evolving so much. As we all know, between signing and closing of this transaction that, beforehand, we announced that we're going to have a very balanced approach across M&A share repurchase, debt servicing and internal C capital allocation, for example, that type of thing. I think, obviously, if we become more leveraged than we anticipated, longer term, we will want to reduce our debt a little bit. We want to remain a high investment-grade company. I'd say our goal would be always to be less than 2 times debt-to-EBITDA out of the gate. We would be in the 1 times to 1.25 times debt to EBITDA. That's gross debt to EBITDA. As you know, there's a portion of Legg Mason's capital structure, debt capital structure, that sort of has equity content tied to it. But we look at that as just gross debt, frankly, in the company. And our intention is to make sure we have a conservative debt capital structure. We also have some levers to pull in that debt stack pretty soon after closing in 2021, where we can save $18 million to $20 million, in our view, from repositioning it, providing a situation where within probably three years, we'll have $300 million or $400 million less debt, is one way to sort of look at it. But we really have to assess our pro forma free cash flow, which should be very substantial, in particular, on a post-synergy basis. And that will open up the opportunity to repurchase more shares, invest more in terms of C capital investing, that type of thing. But I'd still stand by the M&A comment. I think our modus operandi here is to have absolute success in execution of what we've got on our plate. And, frankly, bandwidth is at the max right now. And it doesn't make any sense to be looking at other larger scale transactions. But down the line, we've made it very clear, we'd like to be bigger in wealth, and we'd like to be bigger in the alternative asset area. And that stays the same. It's just a timing matter of making sure that we're being incredibly prudent with our cash flow and our capital structure. We do not want to be net debt heavy. So as you know, at close, even with the impact on the capital structure through this crisis, on a global scale, we will be about net debt flat, maybe a little bit positive, but that's where we'd be at.
Matthew Nicholls: Right. I mean it could be over a longer period than that. But we're waiving fees anywhere over that period of time, Alex. So you can consider it to be - from a P&L perspective, it's basically gone. We're doing everything we can for those shareholders, a, to make sure they get all their money back. That's what the strategy is. It's all about maximizing proceeds to the investors in the fund. And this is the strategy that made the most sense to do that. And as part of that, we've - we're not charging any fees on those funds anymore. And that's about - if you look at the amount that we're closing, it's about $20 million of revenue.
Matthew Nicholls: Because we do have the assets. So I'm not sure how you take it out only. But we'll just footnote it and say that on $3.4 billion of assets in India, we're not charging any fees.
Matthew Nicholls: I mean the institutional piece will not change very much at all and just be better coordination across the firm. And from a retail distribution perspective, it's just total focus on making sure that client has input in this and we have continuity. I mean that's a key point of the stability.
Matthew Nicholls: And on a non-GAAP basis, it's $50.6 million. And I think that the change versus the previous quarter was literally like 0.1 basis point going into this quarter. We don't expect - based on the changes with India and things, we don't - it doesn't have any impact on that average.
Gregory Johnson: I would just add that I think Jenny mentioned some of the short-term numbers. And certainly, Templeton's one in that category as well that we're seeing some relative performance during the downturn. I think munis, we're seeing strength there. We've had very good performance on the muni side. And Benefit Street, which is ideally situated and has put a lot of capital to work in these down markets, we're seeing strong interest in the year ahead in flows there. I mean the big category killers for us are the global bond, as Jenny mentioned, and we're really out there telling everyone about the defensive nature with all the uncertainty in the market, how it can lower risk in a portfolio. And I think we're getting a reception of that as people's risk concerns and awareness is heightened. And the income fund, while it's lagging performance-wise, it's not unexpected. And as we've said before, it's 2 times its industry as far as its dividend payout. So it's been under pressure more with high yield just generally to its counterpart. So if high yield holds in there in this market, that should continue. So I think the income fund and Global Bond Fund are the ones that we'd like to see a leveling off. And hopefully, we're starting to see that, but I think we've got some other areas that we are seeing strong interest and strong performance.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. And I just - I mean, I think particular funds in the U.S. equity side, our DynaTech Fund just has a lot of momentum. It's now about $10 billion in size from a relatively small base and had $775 million in net flows for the quarter, which was up from $400 million. We're excited about our new Innovation fund, which we just kicked off and has five stars, and kind of leveraging that style. And then in our SICAV base, the U.S. Opportunities Fund continues to have strong performance and strong flows as well. So that group has really done extremely well and, obviously, a market where technology, even in this downturn, has continued to do extremely well.
Gregory Johnson: And I would just make a general statement, I think, just observing through this COVID period, the amount of work that's been done, leveraging technology and really getting messaging out to clients and advisers in a very efficient way. And I think that, that behavior could change and lead to efficiencies and distribution as well, as advisers are really getting used to - getting information quickly and leveraging technology from the portfolio managers directly.
Gregory Johnson: And I guess - it's interesting. I mean what always happens in periods of volatility, too, you get spikes in sales and spikes in redemptions as people are trying to take advantage, and others are just saying, I've got to get out. And that - so you saw that kind of in March in a lot of categories. And now you're getting down to probably where it's settling. And people are kind of assessing what's going on. So you're seeing a slowdown in redemptions and a slowdown in sales, I would say, generally.
Gregory Johnson: And I would just add from - as Jenny said, the distribution platform is something we're looking at and working on. And we have engaged outside consultants and that are interacting with intermediaries, advisers, gatekeepers and trying to get their view of what the ideal servicing model is. And I think the beauty of this, putting these two together, is that we have that flexibility to go to what we think will be a better and more efficient distribution platform. But we want to do it through an unbiased eye, and that's really what the consultants are driving through our client size.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. I mean, I would say, just in general, global macro is still very defensively positioned for the market. And you're correct. I mean, they have a higher cash position. I think that the changes there, we continue to be underweighted towards emerging market currencies. We've taken off the kind of negative duration bet over the last quarter or so. Mutual series is really still a very - a deep value group. We didn't talk about that much, but continues to lag certainly the S&P in line with other deep value managers. But as you know, that's been the sector that unlike most cycles, where you have these big downturns, and value outperforms growth, in this case, with the unusual nature of COVID and everything, the stocks - the best-performing areas around technology have gotten stronger. And the more traditional cyclical value, energy, all these other financials with negative rates continue to be under pressure. And that's really what has continued to be a drag on mutual and will continue to be difficult on the flow side. I would say, in general, we were reducing our energy exposure across the entire organization as the macro view had a negative view of prices. But with...
Gregory Johnson: And maybe I'll just add that - I mean one of the steps we took in that fund, and liquidity is something that we were watching carefully for a long time, was to ladder the maturities, where - so it's not - it isn't locked up, illiquid. A lot of this is in short-term debt that creates immediate liquidity for at least some redemptions as we move forward. But I think your question on the impact on the business, obviously, not good. And that's something you do as your last resort to take steps like that. And we hope to minimize the - what it will do to the brand and the equity side, which is a healthy business for us as well. But it will have an impact.
