Gregory Johnson: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for taking time to join us for this call. Joining me is Ken Lewis, our CFO.  This morning we reported a strong quarter of operating results, sales we're at an all-time high and long-term net new flows improved to $9 billion, due to the continued strength of Global bonds and a pickup in U.S. Equity and Hybrid flows. We did experience some lumpy institutional redemptions during the quarter, but flow trends improved in March. That trend has continued in April, and we continue to see that we're well positioned to benefit from increased investor demand for equities and Hybrid funds. Now I'd like to open it up for your questions.
Gregory Johnson: There really isn't -- there's not anything lumpy to call out. I mean, I think for us, we talked about some of the efforts around the DCIO platform that it was a record sales month for us there. And the equity funds, especially in the U.S., a few of them had record quarters as well.
Gregory Johnson: Sure. I guess, just as a follow-up on the previous question, too. There's also strong flows in our SICAV products in the U.K. category it probably doesn't come through in some funds. So the U.S. opportunities fund was our top selling one there for equity funds.
Gregory Johnson: I think the answer is probably a little bit all of the above. I mean, we have felt that the performance has been very strong, especially on the Franklin equity side. Franklin Growth Fund has been around a long time. We've just spent, over the last 6 months, pushing hard on those funds and I think obviously the timing is right. And then I think more importantly for the longer-term trend is all of the new platforms that we've introduced those funds to in the last 6 months and the defined contribution tends to be a steadier place to go and that's probably where the battle's won and lost as far as equity funds go. So our metric was getting them on as many platforms over the last year when equities were out of favor. And now when you're see things come back, they're doing very well. And the Franklin Growth fund, the Rising Dividends fund, and then offshore the Franklin U.S. Opportunities fund all had record quarters for the last quarter.
Gregory Johnson: I think there's some leverage in the model. Obviously, revenue -- time and time again, revenue's the big driver. Even the short quarter this month caused a little bit of the margin compression. But we're going to continue to spend, but it's not -- we're doing it pretty thoughtfully and I think there's room for expansion.
Gregory Johnson: I think, first of all, the large redemptions and the -- were more performance related and it really depends on how you view performance. And if you look at Templeton and with really a value bias if you look at them relative, it's all international equity funds, they were under performing. Now that's turned around dramatically since that decision was made by those sovereign wealth funds to switch over. I'm not sure where the monies went going passive or they're active, but it was performance-related to the Templeton lag. Now that's really over the last 3 months it turned around dramatically. And you could see most of the Templeton funds now are in the top first or second quartile, including the 3-year number that moved quickly. And at that same time we were winning global equity mandates at the same time that, that redemption was made. So I don't think you can draw any conclusions that, that happens. These funds tend to move monies around a little bit quicker than, say, your average. So when you do have downturns and short-term performance, you're vulnerable. As far as the global equity flows go outside of the U.S., you're right, the big driver's been Asian growth and that trailed off during the quarter. And I think the reason there is really the backup in rates and the January effect on emerging markets. And overall, those markets underperformed the overall MSCI during the quarter. And again, those tend to be more short-term performance-related, and I would think that, that would be coming back now.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think we're on to the next phase of that campaign. And it was really designed just to give advisers tools to deal with the move towards fixed income and how much pressure there was to redeem equities and whether it was our fund or somebody else's. We just wanted to create more value in the relationship by having those tools out there and then try to come in and follow up with the Franklin fund. Right now, the push in marketing is global is a new core. And that doesn't mean we're forgetting about U.S., but all the tests and surveys that we've done and trends indicate that there'll be more moving to Global Equities. People are still under-weighted and we wanted to change the thinking. Because again, I think that that's advantageous to us with our overall mix to have Global Equities represent a larger base of individual investors' portfolio.
Gregory Johnson: Well, hopefully. I mean, that's -- as I said before, I think the equity push is something that we're getting to a new audience. We still think there's a lot of opportunity on the retirement side to get into more plans and as long as performance stays solid there, there's no reason why we can't expand to new markets. And the bigger question is how much can global equities expand. And again, you could talk about this looking at each country, because each country has its own bias to their home investing. Some higher than others and we're really approaching it on a regional and country-by-country basis. So we are rolling it out across the globe.
Gregory Johnson: Non-U.S., U.S. are approximately even. If you pull away the layers in the non-U.S, there are pockets that are more profitable than the standard U.S. products, but there are also pockets that are not. And maybe they're not because we might just be getting started in an area or the products may be small. So they blend out to a point where I can make the statement that non-U. S., U.S. is about the same profitability today. Just maybe I can touch on the tax rate and the mix question. Sure, part of it was due to the assets that are managed out of low-texture switches like Singapore, Hong Kong and the Bahamas. But also some of it was portfolio-related. So you can see on that slide we did that new chart that showed you that we had some gains, a lot of those gains were outside the U.S. So that changes the earnings mix, too.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think the pipeline looks good. I mean we really don't talk about or try to put out any numbers where you'd be able to guess if any lumpy things are coming in or not or going out. I think the feeling is the trends and again, we talked about the quarters around global equities and whether it's lower duration, emerging market bonds are all very much in place and they're very active and healthy pipeline for us. So hopefully we'll see some good numbers coming in there next quarter.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think muni, as we've said, will continue to be difficult. I mean, I think they're under pressure every day in the headlines and you certainly have some strategic buyers that come into the market, but just the overall retail buyer that is a dominant player in that marketplace is going to react to what they read about in headlines. And I think the bigger part was the concern that rates are going up and taxes were staying down and not going up quickly. And I think those 2 on a less liquid market had a pretty dramatic impact, coupled with the headlines, and it's hard to separate out what affects it the most. But the bottom line is, we don't see that turning around quickly. It's better -- performance has been better. It was positive for the quarter overall for munis. So that's positive and whether it settles down, I think it should, but you still run that risk of headlines everyday and budgets being battle, and that's just going to put headwind into muni flows. International equity, I mean, the issue, the core strength of our franchise around Franklin -- around the Templeton side has with its larger cap value bias and less energy in material waiting has hurt relative performance. Now the good news today is the dollar's been weak, they don't hedge anything. The move in the last quarter into Europe and other places where they've been overweighted that's hurt performance has helped performance here and helped it dramatically. So that's turned around quickly. It's hard to sell when you're third and fourth quartile. But now that we're back into first and second, hopefully we can see some turn around there quickly on the retail side. And mutual's been steady and positive. And Mutual European and Mutual Discovery continue to be steady as far as inflows go. And again, hopefully that'll continue.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think, as we said, even at the height that it's very hard to maintain those kind of flow numbers, and you have the natural -- the funds growing and aging and you're going to have redemptions that weren't there before, just based on the average life of an investment. So that puts pressure on the overall net number. But I'd looked at -- the story to me is the strength of the Global Total Return fund and how quickly that's grown in $2.5 billion of net inflows into that fund the last quarter. So while you could argue maybe the Global bond has slowed a little bit, but you can certainly say the Global Total Return has become very meaningful, and that's even a bigger market than the Global Bond because it not only has sovereign debt, but has Corporate bonds in there. And that's had excellent performance and we're continuing to see strong interest there. And I think, again, any country that's concerned about their currency, whether it's U.S. or the euro, are going to be very interested in Global bonds and that's certainly getting more headlines I would argue today than ever. So I still am pretty optimistic on flows there.
Gregory Johnson: I don't have the actual breakdown of the sales. It's about $130 billion in assets in the SICAV funds.
Gregory Johnson: I think that's exactly right. I think that's why it's so important to get on those platforms, to get the steadier flows and not be vulnerable to short-term swings where it's more discretionary on buying the latest and best as far as the 1, 3 and 5. So you're right, I mean there's some slight under performance in the near term for a couple of those funds. It probably will have, I think, some effect. But again, that's why it's so important for us to get on the retirement platforms where you are less vulnerable and it's more about the 3- and 5-year numbers than it is the 6 months and 1 year.
Gregory Johnson: I think maybe one of the things to focus on is the mix of international and U.S. in that equation. Because on the expense side, you're going to have expenses, distribution expenses related to both the international products as well as the U.S. products. But on the revenue side, it's essentially or mostly just the U.S. products.
Gregory Johnson: Right, I guess if you look at this quarter, it's roughly in line with basically the prior 4 or 5 quarters. And I think that's a good average. And then depending on market conditions, we'll be opportunistic and flex that one way or the other. In terms of acquisitions, we continue to look. We continue to get presented opportunities around the world and we continue to look. So when it makes sense, we'll do something.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think there's no question we're getting the benefit of the weak dollar and the trend towards investing more offshore. The question, what happens when it goes the other way, and we've had it go the other way, and that will hurt performance and some funds and help others depending on the hedging strategies in our Global Bond fund. It doesn't necessarily invest against the dollar all the time. So if they feel like it's going too far, they have the flexibility to move the other way, too. So for us, obviously, probably everything held equal, it's a net-net benefit. I'm not sure what you can do as an entity to hedge yourself against that should it go the other way. But we've been through periods like that before and it's just means certain funds will be out of favor.
Gregory Johnson: I think those are wrong. I wouldn't just dismiss those kind of issues. I think they -- it just depends what shape and form. You can have drastic moves like what was done in the India market where they did away with the run and sales charge and whether or not that changes over time I think time will tell. So I think you have to work with the regulators and hopefully come up with some form of disclosure and transparency that works for everyone. But I don't think there's anything in those 2 markets that immediately would be a cause for concern for us right now.
Gregory Johnson: Well, generally, it will come down to your relative performance and just like in any market, what's selling. I think for us in the local asset management side, we picked up good share in India and a lot of that's been around just developing fixed income funds that have done well in that market. Korea, on the other hand, has been tough market. And then even though the equity markets been up, equity flows in general there have not been very strong. So it's been more institutional for us than retail. But really, that's the 2 that probably stand out in my mind as far as one or the other. And a lot of the other ones, whether it's China with the JV, I mean, still great potential and profitable, but probably a longer-term venture and one that you don't own more than 50%.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think the fact that we do have a lot of cash overseas and the fact that that's where we're growing gives us a bias towards -- if were going to do an acquisition, all things being equal, will give us a bias towards doing that internationally.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. I think we talked about that in the last call and I think -- and we said it was a little early and probably we captured half and over this quarter, we captured 1/3. So we captured a little over a $1 billion of what went out.
Gregory Johnson: Really, I would say the area with the greatest opportunity would be around taxable asset allocation, real asset-type funds, funds that will be a little bit more defensive in a rising rate environment. So that's really where we built out our solutions capability. It made a lot of hires in the last couple of years and that's why we're going to see 4 or 5 new funds over the next year or so.
Gregory Johnson: No. I said there was really -- there was nothing that stood out as being lumpy. I said that we don't comment on lumpy post-March 31 as far as our comments go. And Hybrid has obviously been very attractive. And I think it's more of -- so far business as you go. I mean as far as this quarter, new markets are strong and bond markets settle down a bit. So that bodes well for, I think, any Hybrid or Equity fund.
Gregory Johnson: No. I think -- well I think they were unusually high in the last couple of quarters, I guess, is the way to characterize it. They're not -- it's kind of a realtime decision-making process that's hard to predict going forward. But the changes we made were just on the corporate side, more of a conservative approach, I guess, in terms of shorter duration. And then on the product side, I think we've talked about this before. We have a good discipline of after we make investment on monitoring our investment in the SICAV and then recycling it, for a lack of a better word, to new products. So that does crystallize gains from time to time.
Gregory Johnson: I think where we're at now is -- we feel like that's a good level given the revenue levels, but a large portion of it is a function of revenue. You'll have some upward pressure on that line for additional headcount probably in the next few quarters, not significant but a little bit. You mentioned the benefit you'll get from the taxes and then depending on which way revenue goes directionally, that will change the language as well.
Gregory Johnson: No, I don't have that. And I don't want to -- you could call our Investor Relations, they'd be happy to give you that number.
Gregory Johnson: Well, thank you, everyone, for taking time on the call today. And we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
