Greg Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining today to discuss this quarter's results. Ken Lewis, our CFO is here with me, as usual, to discuss our financials, and we also have Rich Byrne, President of Benefit Street Partners, available to address any questions on the alternative credit markets as we're set to close on the acquisition this Friday. Market volatility clearly impacted our financial results this quarter. In fact, the net effect of the mark-to-market, which is predominantly unrealized losses and other income, was more than $83 million this quarter. Fortunately, this environment has been more conducive to the success of value-oriented investment strategies, including many of ours. We are pleased to see our relative performance continue to improve with net sales improving notably in several of our flagship strategies this month. Lastly, we remained active with our capital management program and returned approximately $460 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends in the quarter. I would now like to welcome any questions that you have.
Greg Johnson: Yes, I mean, I think the big driver tends to be in flows is the global bond. And if you look at the performance in just recently the one and three-year moved to the top quartile and also the fourth quarter, which as we know was a very tough quarter for every segment where MSCI was down 13 and S&P down 15. We had a positive absolute return for global bond. So, I think that gives a little bit of near-term momentum that we saw kind of -- I think as there's more uncertainty as I said before as people get a little more nervous, that tends to be a better selling product and we are certainly seeing that. And I would say that one has had the biggest turnaround in flows and we're seeing that through this current month as well. The other would be the income fund, which is something we put our press on and that's really U.S. retail product, but we saw a pickup in sales there. We're just getting that message out. We had a big anniversary kind of sales push on that fund. But those would be the two primary drivers and we saw a pickup in the muni gross numbers as well over the quarter in the U.S.
Greg Johnson: I think as we've said before to this question that, that decision is the board decision. It's hard to handicap what they think. We feel that -- we feel and we continue to see this, we feel that having a strong balance sheet is strategic and having the dry powder for potential acquisition is always a consideration. All of that will be weighed at the February board meeting.
Greg Johnson: Yeah, I mean, I think as we said before, I think, an area of significant investment for us in the last few years has been really transitioning the U.S. retail distribution to be better equipped to service of fee-based environment not only require adding a lot of different skill sets into the group, but also pricing and changing and adding classes of shares and changing products as well. And also, we created a specialized New York Stock Exchange change, dedicated, and I think those kind of changes take a little bit of time, but we are seeing results, and even the New York Stock Exchange channels, we were up 26% in sales quarter over -- the prior quarter. So I think that -- and those changes can be destructive, but I think, they’re somewhat several now. I think another area that we think is going to be important, we talked about solutions. We put a big investment in solutions, and I think, today we have what we consider one of the best in the industry, which is as far as product development and where we think incremental growth can occur within our multi-asset group in solutions, we now have 11 model funds, which use underlying FTE funds, but also because they can incorporate some lower cost indexing and passive into that it gives us a much more competitive outcome-oriented solution type product, and we have 11 of those that are just rolling out right now, and we’re seeing a lot of interest there. I think the -- I don't have the exact number between the brake, but I think, as far as we look at the world; probably 70% is going into fee-based versus brokerage today. So that's where we need to be. And what we measure is the effect of or how important it is to get products on the shelf on the platforms. And we have very specific metrics trying to do just that. And we've seen a very strong pickup and that goes to ETFs as well, where I'd say one of the big changes in the last year's, because we have been out there, long enough now with some of those ETF firms having those types of consultants in place and product managers that have been able to get approval into the New York Stock Exchange firms and that will help that as well. So, I think, it is a big transition. It's going to continue to happen with some funds that may not fit the fee-based world. Others that we have to continue to modify pricing on and maybe adjust, but I think we have better momentum or good momentum there now and hopefully that's going to continue.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think, again, as we've said before, I think, it is a changing landscape for distribution and how we look at the world. And I think if that means there's opportunities to tie up with distribution in some cases or own portions of distribution, I think, that would be different than our traditional way of thinking about it purely independent asset manager. And I think you're seeing some of that happen in places around the globe that would be one that we think could be strategic for us. I've said, the high-yield business, the ETF business all businesses that we want. I meant – I said high-yield, the Fiduciary Trust would be one that, we would want to grow and scale up having that direct relationship with the investor. I think it would be important as well. So those just be a couple of the distribution and building high net worth would be certainly two priorities for capital. 
Greg Johnson: I think December, January is always a little bit tricky to get to draw too many conclusions because of the tax selling in December and then the strength that -- the historical strength in January. After that, with some retirement fundings, other money going back in the market after tax selling, I think like most in the industry, we sometimes maybe get overly encouraged by January because it looks so good compared to December. And I think that's true again for us, and I think part of that hopefully is certainly sustainable with better performance over time and I was just looking at the chart, for us, our top 25 funds a year ago, 6% wherein above average. And this year, 78% are above other peer average. So that's a significant shift in performance that I think, we know that. We have to get that message out and then have it flow through the three-year and five-year numbers, but I think, we are encouraged by what's happening in the market. We said sometimes, being a predominantly as far as our mix having value side that it takes a little bit of a disruption in the market to get people thinking back, again, about value And I think the decoupling from the things is another important shift that's happened over last few months. That should help these. So we are seeing, as I said before, I mean, I think, the Global Bond has a very strong story in this kind of marketplace. And as people become more concerned about equity valuations and things and looking for alternatives, it's just a nice fit. So we're seeing and that one tends to move a little bit faster, and say, your traditional retail value funds, which may take a little bit more time. But clearly, I think the relative numbers give our sales force something to certainly talk about, and hopefully, we'll see that bode as I’ve said, beginning January looks a lot better than December.
Greg Johnson: Yes, institutional, I haven't heard anything as far as -- I think we -- that may have been the case where you saw delays, but I haven't really heard that. And if you think of -- if you think the retracement in the market that we've had to-date, it would probably eliminate anybody from a timing standpoint. But I haven't -- that's just something I'm not aware of having a little delay there.
Greg Johnson: That’s good point, some thing we're going to look at, just like we're going to look at the other income line and look at the mark-to-market effect of the investments we hold, and because that can be a little bit noisy quarter-to-quarter, too.
Greg Johnson: And I would say, I mean, those are all fair concerns and comments and once we had well before the fourth quarter. And as we look at this business and we’re late in the economic cycle and credit spreads were narrow. And I think -- we think -- again, we would say this is an asset class that's here to stay. I think that having the dry capital puts you on the right side of the trade, when other vehicles are forced to sell and have to continue to markdown. Those are the kind of things we got comfortable with. I think from fundraising, it's very hard to give you any kind of sense of what that means. I mean, yes, it's going to be harder in an environment where spreads are rising and there's defaults out there and credit issues, that's clear. But I think that our commitment is to the asset class long-term. And the fact that Benefit Street has come into that with sites wide open as far as being one of the first lien side and more senior-secured. And we know the arguments on that, that there's less junior and recovery rates going to be lower. But that's all – that’s I think we feel like we are in the right place in a growing market and I'll let Rich take it from there. 
Greg Johnson: Well, I think that's why I said that, I don't envision this in the U.S. certainly where you'd have a conflict. But I think, the world has changed considerably where it doesn't -- in the old days, the thought of having anything direct to our consumer, you could never do if your business was sold through advisors. And today in the fee-based world where you're competing with Vanguard and conditional direct marketers, it's really just you've go to make sure, you got best of class funds with very strong track record and that's going to get you your distribution. So I don't think the conflict is big, although I would say I don't envision us doing anything in the states that would own distribution. I think it's more, we look at markets that have become more closed and guided and you look at the Canada that has a very -- has closed market as far as distribution goes, or more closed than most and Europe, which is trending that way too. We are seeing countries like Italy and others where distribution has co-owners that could be fun sponsors. So those are just the things we’re looking at. And I think it's just a change in how we would view our traditional mission and mandate of being independent, one that in certain markets it may makes sense to tie up in places like Latin America where banks dominate the markets…
Greg Johnson: India, there’s just a lot I think of places around the world, outside the U.S. where it may make sense long-term to do that. I think that's just a different thinking as far as how we would approach M&A in the past.
Greg Johnson: Yes, I mean I think it's just recognizing that being on a high-end of a fee if you're fourth quartile and fees and have top performance, you're not going to get shelf space in a -- in the new fee-based world. So, I think you have to look at how are we positioned against the universe and we have to be at least competitive on the fee side. So, we've made a series of modifications in a lot of different products. I mean they are not dramatic shifts, but we've lowered fees on our international equity funds, we have lowered fees on limited duration fixed income funds. We've changed payouts to be more competitive on -- for those that are still using the brokerage side, reallowance and things. I just think all of that affects your margin, but that's reality of where we need to be. And then I mentioned that we -- I think -- we're excited about these 11 new models that -- the outcome-oriented growth income that combine a lot of our traditional funds with some lower fee mixes and then gets you to a more competitive overall fee. And that -- we think that is very attractive in this market as well. So, I think it's just the recognition that it's not just a world where certainly the buyer or the consultant or the gatekeeper is looking just at your total return. They're looking at where you're positioned in fees. So, we have to -- and I think the good news is that we are always on the lower end of that equation. So, don't feel like we have a huge amount of changes ahead, but we continue to -- I sit there and I sit with our group and will look at every fund on a regular basis and go down and see where it's positioned. And we obviously do that with the Boards as well. But it just reflects the nature of the forces that all of us are dealing with in industry, but as Ken said, I think at the end of the day, it doesn’t really have a material effect on our overall effective fee rate and what's going to affect that next year if emerging markets or international equities or equities are up, that's going to have a much greater effect on our effective fee rate than any tinkering by individual funds.
Greg Johnson: Yes, I mean, I think it is a concern and certain -- obviously, many academic papers, many journalists have covered this that liquidity in certain markets -- senior-secured debt market and floating rate and things like that, you do need to be careful about. So, I think, like most, we look at liquidity and make sure that we feel comfortable and we stress test these things and don't want to be in a position where you're force-selling into a market that doesn't have a lot of buyers. But, again, that's not an area where we have a lot of assets. So, -- and why we think benefit Street structure that is more like a private equity structure can be I think a very effective way to benefit from that dislocation in liquidity with funds on -- that are daily liquid funds. So I just don't think it's a category for us that there's a lot of assets where we would say that's a concern, I mean, we have some funds in those areas, but not – they are just not significant as far as size.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think we never say never, and if we think it can add shareholder value by efficiencies and synergies and costs that's certainly something we're going to look at. But I think you hit it on the head. The execution it is very challenging. It's very disruptive and very time-consuming for management to do that. And it's also a question of the brand and how much you can throw on distribution and get those synergies. So I think it's more of the smaller media managers that will be bought versus the bigger managers that are going to combine that's where the difficulties lie and if you're not on it, smaller group that relies on a narrow distribution platform and that goes to fee-based and all of sudden you're not on that platform. Those are the ones that you will probably see moving with larger firms and you're able to benefit by getting different styles and management teams in there. I think the larger ones are very difficult, they look good on paper, but the execution side is just challenging as you said.
Greg Johnson: No, I think it is. We stated it's a priority for us to grow that business. And I think the strength and depth of the BSP senior team and access that we think really accelerates that by having somebody like Tom Gahan his senior team involved and looking at the landscape of alternatives, along with our K2 Group that – I believe will be very helpful in is looking at other opportunities in that area and none of these are vulnerable to the passive shifts in pricing wars that we're seeing on the traditional model.
Greg Johnson: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating on the call, and we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
Ken Lewis: Sure, Patrick. This is Ken. So we've been working in the last couple with all the business units to identify areas where we can leverage efficiencies and kind of fund all of those investments you referenced. So the result of that exercise is that, we do think through cost cutting initiatives that we will implement this year that, we'll be able to get the run rate expenses to be at or below the 2018 levels and still make those investments -- the strategic investments that you referenced. 
Ken Lewis: Yes, I think that's true and I think we are trending on a lower end of that guide. Right now I think I would say to you that as we go through the cost-cutting initiatives that probably be execution cost that will be non-recurring and will be able to give you better handle on that as we go through the process next quarter.
Ken Lewis: No, going by memory of the comments last quarter. For sure, the guidance remains the same at 2% to 3%, we gave that guidance. But I think when we talked about this quarter, because of the seasonality, I think, that's where we made reference to flat.
Ken Lewis: Sure, the guidance was up 2% to 3% and that's hasn't changed. And we're tracking to the lower end of that right now.
Ken Lewis: And I just think it -- you know, I mean, this is an industry that's undergoing quite a bit of change and excess is not a word we use in the balance sheet, it's a word that the market tends to use. But we think that capital can -- if you choose appropriately, can be very strategic and add a lot of shareholder value as things change and opportunities arise and what could be a pretty volatile period for the industry.
Ken Lewis: Yes, it's pretty much the same policy that we've had and practice that we've had going forward. So obviously, we think stocks are good buy at this price, so we'll be active in the market. But having said that, we're going to be both systematic and opportunistic to take advantage of things like volume dips and then holdback, if we see any kind of opportunities in the M&A world there are any other need for capital. So kind of more the same. I don't know that I would think we would -- the volumes would be elevated from this level, but just we're just going to continue to be opportunistic.
Ken Lewis: I think across the board, I think, every function is looking at their operations and trying to identify areas where we could reduce costs. It just simply looking at kind of what we do and how we do it. The worlds changed. So there's probably a lot of outdated procedures that we don't need to it, do the same way anymore. And obviously, we have been building over the years in low-cost jurisdictions, so leveraging that and that crosses every function. So, it's really an enterprise wide effort. It's hard to say one particular area versus another. But I think the key levers are the low-cost jurisdictions and then leveraging technology. And then we've kind of been very forward with what strategic investment are. So we would continue things like solutions and other strategic investments and fund them with these savings.
Ken Lewis: Let me start with that, and then hand it over to Benefit Street guys. Right, so in the guidance, we talked about for this year, we have eight months left. The deal closed February 1st, that for modeling purposes, we're looking at investment management fees increasing about 3.5% and then commensurate increase in expenses, not on percentage base, but in absolute dollar basis. So we still think that in this fiscal year, the acquisition would be neutral in terms of EPS accretion and then accretive after that. 
Ken Lewis: Well, those expense numbers include everything. And in terms of cost, we disclosed the purchase price, so that's it. So it's pretty upfront payment that we disclosed and then the expense number I gave you, and that's okay. 
Ken Lewis: Yes. We've -- so we do the bottoms up, build of all that and then we look at the mix of assets going forward. And with the volatility this quarter, we saw a slight degradation effective fee rate. And so if you look forward for the 2019, we think that the fee rate won't change that much, it might be slightly lower than last year, but we're not getting a lot of external fee pressure on that. So we're not budgeting some material decreases in the effective fee rate going forward. Now, of course, Benefit Street will change that for the better. But if I could give you the math for that, but without Benefit Street, we don't see significant change in effective fee rate a slight degradation in 2019 versus 2018.
Ken Lewis: Sure. So you're quarter-over-quarter delta for performance fees is about $4 million. And so last quarter, they were about $4 million higher than this quarter. And I think if I remember, last quarter they're about $6 million, this quarter they're about $2 million. And then going forward, yes, you're right. We do expect performance fees to be higher. We haven't made a decision on how we will present that, but for sure, we will call it out. We will call it out in the prepared remarks. In terms of the geography, the income statement, we haven't decided what to do there. Kind of waiting to see what the magnitude is, but for sure we'll call all of that out.
Ken Lewis: Well, we are assuming -- I mean, let the Benefit Street guys talk about the risks in the portfolios, but we are assuming very low -- consistent with historic results, very low default rates in our accretion analysis.
Ken Lewis: Yeah. I think it -- so few things. I think we tend -- that's the one area where we don't worry as much about your total return ranking. I mean, we want to be in the middle because we run those funds. We want to make sure we’re providing some of the highest tax fee income out there, and have a stable net asset value. It's kind of how we think about it. And that's important in how we sell those. I think as far as the makeup over the last few years and why we've underperformed would be we were on the higher end of credit quality and the lower credit in munis tended to do a bit better. Although, we saw that reverse in the fourth quarter where many of our funds had very strong performance with stronger credit compared to others and duration, we don't really switch. And we were on the lower end of duration because of predefined bonds. And again, how we think about running this as more for stability and high income and trying to make duration bets, and have a dividend that goes up and down from those duration bets. We think that's what people really want. So I don't -- we don't worry as much below or above average in that categories, we do certainly in equities. We want to make sure that the funds are stable in all types of markets and provide that high occurring income.
Rich Byrne: Yeah. Thanks. Greg. I'd be happy to take that. Fourth quarter, as you know, with the drawdown in the S&P. We saw outflows out of loan funds and bond funds. Some of that trends – that translated into the liquid markets on pricing less so in our private debt business is usually a delayed effect there. Maybe for the purpose of your question, note that almost all of our capital is locked up capital. So if your question relates to any redemption's or things like that, that's not really a factor for us. For us, it's just a function of where is the most opportunistic investment opportunity. I know, the market has retraced a lot of the declines in – from the fourth quarter into the first quarter. But we're finally starting to see – some of that lag has finally taken hold. Pricing and documents starting to reflect the more reasonable risk reward equation and just a word about sort of our philosophy. We've generally been fairly defensive in how we position most of our portfolios, particularly around the private debt product. Mostly everything, we've been doing is top of the capital structure, most of that's first lien, low loan to values. And a fair amount of dry powder. So we're looking forward to a more reasonable environment, where we can invest. Fundamentals have been still relatively strong. I know there is been some headwinds, we'll see what volatility brings us going forward, but for us, this is a buying opportunity.
Rich Byrne: Yes. As a general rule, we raise our successor fund when we are 75% invested in the current fund. And all 3 of the funds that I referenced, and I didn't even mention you our separate accounts and other capital that we manage, that's also locked up. But we're more than 50% drawn on all the funds that I mentioned. And they all have different drawdown periods and cycle. So it's a little more detail, but we are more than halfway. We are more than half drawn and when you get to 75% you should assume we'd be launching some successor funds. 
Rich Byrne: Thanks, Greg. I think you and Ken hit most of the key points. I guess, I would just add a few things. One, I think as the question unfolded, you talked a little bit about marks. Just to be clear, we mark all of -- and I assume, we're mostly talking about private debt here. We mark our private debt assets quarterly. Those are real marks, this is not -- there maybe a lag affect sometimes, but on a quarterly basis, we feel very comfortable that the book is marked appropriately by third-party evaluation firms. Greg mentioned, we're generally at the top of the capital structure. The correction in the markets and the drawdown in the S&P and outflows was really a technical correction, it really -- we haven't seen any material energy. There were some issues, of course with oil prices. But we haven't seen a material change in or termination in credit quality across the book. There’s always going to be defaults. We have been very fortunate to be running at very low default rate historically. Of course, we are going to always model something greater than 0 in our books. But nothing that's happened in the fourth quarter has led us to materially change our assumptions around defaults or recovery rates. And we think all of our books are marked appropriately. 
