Greg Johnson: Well, good morning and thank you for joining Ken Lewis and me today to discuss first quarter earnings. Although we faced a number of headwinds impacting investment performance and flows, we’ve been through periods like this before. And it’s one of the reasons we value diversification and a strong balance sheet. As we work through these challenges, and maintain our focus on expense management, we will continue to invest in a number of long-term growth opportunities, including strategic beta ETF, liquid alternatives and related solutions while delivering our value-added services to a growing customer base around the world. And now, Ken and I are happy to take your questions.
Greg Johnson: Normal searches with Global Ag and global equities. I think of note, and what has happened over the last say three to six months, some of the pressure on global currencies, affecting various countries and then looking for those countries to diversify, I think we’re seeing more opportunities in the Global Bond space in Asia right now, as those currencies have been hit and with further risk of some going down to diversify away from their local currency. I think anytime you have periods where you face challenges and headwinds in performance, certainly a risk-off environment that any income funds that have heavy - high-yield exposure are going to be under pressure. And we just want to make sure we communicate the value and really the appropriate kind of understanding of risk in those funds. And when you get the kind of spreads that you have today, from treasury, as you do have room for even some defaults and those and still continue to do very well against treasury. We think the markets have been under stress certainly in these areas as expected, Franklin Income Fund affects any high-yield funds like our high-income fund. And we just want to make sure that we continue to get as much information out there and hand-holding to help advisors deal with their clients right now.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think, I would say the pipeline, the opportunities in the pipeline would be more global bond opportunities like the win that we had in Asia over the quarter, we’re just seeing more interest whether it’s Sovereign Wealth Funds or government entities in diversifying from their own currencies that are under pressure right now.
Greg Johnson: Yes, we do. And that’s been a growing portion of our sales as more advisors have gone to the wrap advisory fee accounts.
Greg Johnson: I don’t, I mean I think part of the reaction I don’t want to speak for Weddell. But for us, remains to be seen on the fiduciary rule which we have I think - we’re expecting something out in 90 days on that. But we don’t think it would affect our existing A-shares in any way. And if, there are different rules around use of those in advisory programs, we already the no 12b-1 class available. So it would be easy. It’s really, I mean, for us, it’s up to the broker dealers and advisors to interpret those rules to best fit their business models, but I think we would have all the share classes and we do that right now.
Greg Johnson: I don’t right now. I think the, I just looked at the number, on the top of my head, it said right now we have about 40% of sales going into the no 12b-1 share class. And that’s grown from 30% in the prior year. I would still say that our A-share count is higher with the 12b-1 just due to our distribution model and our strong partnership with Edward Jones that still favors that class.
Greg Johnson: I think it’s a good question, and one that was really performance driven like anything in this business. And we’re on our 10th year now of growth outperforming value. And you kind of look for a glimmer of light out there hope. And certainly in January, it’s been very choppy market value did outperform growth for the first time. So I mean that would be the kind of the key driver to get more attention to some of these flagship funds that have been lagging. And we looked at some of the big laggers that have been in January, made some ground, back with rising dividends, mutual shares and mutual quests had a very strong January. So I think if that trend continues, that would be important. I think the other part, as Ken said is really looking at our entire business and validating everything we’re doing. And I think part of the changing distribution landscape advisors, looking at our industry and what they need differently, I think if you have redundancy with certain funds or it’s just not clear, what that fund offers in various categories that advisors need, we may need to tune some of the line-up or merge some of the line-up. And that’s something that we really are looking at now. And that can drive some cost savings ultimately longer-term as well.
Greg Johnson: I think that’s always a challenge on the pricing side especially when you have funds in the marketplace and sensitivity to making sure we have consistent pricing across. I think the comment was just more on some of the development that we’ve been doing also with the Smart beta ETF as I said before, I mean, I think that allows us to get some lower cost vehicles out there that have market beta at a much lower cost. And that’s going to be attractive to certain institutions as well as within our solutions and outcome group. But I think the, I don’t think there is anything really to call out on the pricing side that we look at, I think we continue to study the markets and try to be competitive. And then we all know the pressure on lower fees continues. And we’re trying to meet that or develop new capabilities that don’t conflict with some of the retail styles that we can build-out capabilities.
Greg Johnson: I think there is still probably another $5 billion at risk right now with one of them, but, and from there, I think we have today low 40s, $42 billion in those sub-advised assets, that’s 6% of our base. And I think of risk, I’d put another $5 billion for the changes that are taking place in that market. Hopefully the other side of that is we are because of build-out we have with our solutions group and some of the development, and we just got our first mandate of managed volatility fund, so that is an area that hopefully we can more than make up the loss of the $5 billion coming up.
Greg Johnson: I think we rolled it out right around the end of the year, around January 1. So, early to quantify any behavioral changes there. I think what we’re trying to do is get the tools in the advisors’ hands so they can quickly sit down with their clients and walk them through logic on why you would stay put in a period where there is a lot of headlines around high-yield and stress and liquidity and make sure that they have a broad understanding of what is going on with those funds. I think the other point I would make just around, because I think that’s the question I would look at is when would, you see your flagship flows returning. And I think when I look at the income fund, its long history and it is a well-diversified portfolio. But it’s always one that doesn’t fit neatly in any category. It will always have high-yield exposure and it will always be the, what the highest yielding in its category. So, it would be naturally a little bit more risky than its peer group. So you will expect to have periods where it lags performance. I think the other side of fixed income I’ve said before, when the market settle and high-yield settles, and you’ll have very attractive spreads to what certainly treasuries are today. And you’ll have a 6 plus yield on a fund that’s done very well long-term. I think it’s very easy to get momentum back in flows, little bit easier than an equity fund that just the attractiveness of that coupon and the history. And that’s where I would expect to see a turn. So, I think it’s really just when the market settle, when the high-yield bond market settles in, I would expect to see that fund start to get lower redemptions and hopefully better sales.
Greg Johnson: Yes, and I think not only that, that relationship but other institutional mandates in that market as well. And it’s a high-profile relationship there that gives us better visibility in that market. So, hopefully we can extend that into a few more relationships. But it’s one that we hope we’ll grow.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think the need whether we use someone else’s ETF or our own between, in our own line-up we know we have the need for lower cost beta in outcome oriented or solutions type products. So that’s something that we feel we have an immediate place for those ETFs. And then, I think it will take more time and marketing to develop more presence and probably a broader line-up. But it’s just our first step into the ones that we think, internally, we don’t have to go out and use somebody else’s ETF, we can use these and that there is some demand from the retail channel as well. I wouldn’t try to quantify that right now but enough immediately to make it meaningful to us.
Greg Johnson: I wouldn’t, I think it is unchanged, kind of the strategy, how we look at M&A, I don’t think it’s changed. I don’t think the level of repurchases changes that. As we always say, and we say we’re opportunistic, one of the facts is the share price and the market. But the other factor is what are the uses of cash, if we were identify a target then we would probably scout back on the repurchases to balance it out. But, we continue to look for opportunities in M&A and that hasn’t changed.
Greg Johnson: I think it’s really all the above, I mean, it could be a large scale that you get efficiencies from distribution and servicing, it could be parts expanding the high net-worth business, it could be the solutions’ outcome, it could be real-estate, I mean, it’s a lot of areas that we’re looking at. But I think the probability of the rate situation offshore, even with Asia type funds that are very much at a favor right now I think would look attractive for us long-term.
Greg Johnson: No, I don’t have that number. And obviously that’s the relevant one as far as the potential with the fiduciary rule.
Greg Johnson: No, I think it’s still too early. And I don’t think it has an immediate impact, I think what it does is, it has an impact on your future sales in those markets. And I think you’re absolutely right in every indication, despite record comments and concerns raised, it’s something that looks like it’s going to move pretty quickly and try to be enacted before next January. And whether that results in lawsuits, I think that’s still very much out there as a possibility to take this up. But we are going to work with our partners and try to work through what will be a very complex transition to deal with this new rule. But again, I couldn’t quantify what that means other than it’s not a positive.
Greg Johnson: No, I mean, I don’t think it’s in response to the DOL world, I think it’s just in response to where we see growth and needs in our line-up. Again, as I said before just getting a cheaper beta that doesn’t conflict with your other funds will be important for us. I think the question on how big this market and whether or not at some point there is a vehicle that makes it more efficient than you typical 40-act and transfer agent type driven product, I think those are all questions that are still very much out there. So, we just felt like the business is too large for an asset management company to ignore and whether it’s again through acquisitions or organic growth, that’s going to affect our plan on how we roll this out. We think it has to be a separate effort but also part of - you get the leverage from your existing wholesaler group as well. And how big, I think again, I think we’re starting kind of small but we will continue to roll-out or acquire new ones as we see fit, it’s just kind of getting that space and building a team there and growing it.
Greg Johnson: I think that’s a possibility that we are looking at. So, I think that like everyone we’re studying that and it is certainly a possibility to do that if you get the right regulatory relief on that and if it makes sense in that specific vehicle. It’s something we certainly would consider because there are efficiencies you can gain.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think it’s not a change of view to look at it the conclusion may or may not be different this time. There are very valid reasons for us to do some of these things in-house, some of - our business is very, customized and very difficult to outsource everything. So, I don’t know that philosophically we’ve changed what we think is important to our customers and our business but we will look at it.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think certainly the industry is exploring that space. And looking at lower cost alternatives, it can reach broader groups through digital marketing and the capabilities that exist trying to get to the millennial in a different way than the traditional broker-dealer advisor model. So, for us, that’s another one that with the FinTex space and looking at Robo Advisors is something we certainly are studying whether or not we need to go acquire one or to build that capability, I think that’s a question that we’re looking at today. And I think the opportunity for the industry as distribution landscape changes, as we go to more advisory driven models as in traditional barriers between a broker-dealer funds sold group versus a direct group, continue to erode and disappear at a pretty quick pace. I think the opportunity is what does that mean, for investment management firms. And I think that’s why a lot of groups are looking at. And for us, I mentioned, the partnership that we’re doing with a large global bank and using our solutions capabilities targeting the emerging affluent market through digital marketing to existing customers in the bank. And that’s very similar to what a Robo Advisor can do. And these are funds that are multi-asset and have a lot of different, they have other managers than Franklin Templeton in them and we can do that. So, that’s somewhat of what a Robo Advisor can deliver. And to me, there is not a lot of magic there to what a Robo Advisor can do versus a solutions group can do or anybody modeling out. And I think the direct space, the Vanguards and the traditional people in that space or swab have a pretty good head-start of dealing with them in a marketplace as far as Robo Advisors.
Greg Johnson: Well, no, I mean, it would be very difficult. I think it’s still well it’s called a global macro mandate from that group. It’s really more aligned with your traditional global bond. It has a separate account. And I think the opportunity we still feel is a significant one. And I think there has just been some recent pressures around global currencies and a short-term lag in performance but we still feel that’s kind of a pure alternative category to rates rising or equity markets dropping that it really does provide a nice cushion to a portfolio. So, we think it’s still, it has a very large potential in a market. And I think like last time, when did it do well, it did well when the equity market sold off and other markets were under pressure. And it had good relative standout numbers. And I think when you have that you’ll see large flows there. And I think as I said before, I think the feedback we’re getting from the institutional side in Asia if that opportunity is real today, in getting other separate accounts in that space. But I don’t know if I could quantify that.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think that’s a perfect question to lead to our introduction of our, the fund that we just rolled out in the last year, as our K2 long-short credit fund. And really again to meet that need in an alternative category and we feel it really does offer a way to lower risk in a portfolio and really seize these opportunities that come because of stress in the marketplace, because of liquidity constraints and forced selling by some long-only holders that you want to have the ability to capture that. On the other side, and that was a category of one of many categories but the one that we felt made the most sense to introduce now and we’re just in the process of rolling that out to complement our $2 billion plus in the global macro space with K2.
Greg Johnson: Yes, your question was a little garbled so I’m going to try to answer it, but if I didn’t hear it right, please correct me. So, right, so we are thinking if you compare ‘16 to ‘15, we were targeting 3% to 4%, we’re thinking it’s 4%. That’s inclusive of some of the expenses it’s going to take, some of the restructuring expenses that I mentioned in the pre-recorded remarks. Our attention now is focusing on 2017. So, we’ll do some modeling in 2017 and as I said, we continue to look at all the business lines and then once we come up, if we have additional guidance we’ll provide them in future quarters. But it’s an ongoing process.
Greg Johnson: Sure. So we’ve had some staff reductions that’s part of it, we had voluntary retirement plan that we talked about in our filing. So those were the examples to date and then looking forward I did mention, there was a question about out-sourcing but there are several things that we’re looking at, we’re looking at offices, we’re looking at business lines. Of course the variable competition is a lever that we can use and did use this quarter to a degree and so, all of those things are on the table.
Greg Johnson: Well, again thank you everyone for participating on the call. And we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
Ken Lewis: Sure. So, the buyback activity is in relative to history, it’s been pretty elevated last two quarters. And I could essentially say that U.S. cash has remained unchanged. As a matter of fact, it’s remained unchanged year-over-year as well. So, we’ve been having plenty of U.S. cash generation to cover our needs.
Ken Lewis: Well, I think, regarding where the expenses been incurred, I think geographically maybe the majority of the expense is U.S. based. Across business lines, it hasn’t, we haven’t really impacted the investment management sector of our business. It’s been spread out pretty much across the board other than investment management. So, the assumptions regarding, we talked about a target of 3% to 4%, and that was few months ago. What this market volatility has led us to conclude is that we should just be looking at all of our business and seeing where we can increase efficiencies, leverage efficiencies and that’s what we’re doing and that’s going to be a theme for probably the next nine months. And that’s just based on the volatility we’re not assuming that market is going to go up or down. But it’s obvious to let that volatile so we need to be looking at our expenses closely.
Ken Lewis: Well, we think there are more levers to pull but as I said, it’s just - we’re looking at the entire business almost without regard to the markets. So it’s just an opportunity for us to make sure that initiatives that we started years ago, we still believe in investing things that we believe in now, and just try to kind of reengineer all of our processes.
Ken Lewis: And I would say from my perspective, it’s more probable just based on what’s happened in the marketplace. Unfortunately we’ve been sitting with a lot of cash and that puts you in a unique position. And I think with the sell-off and a lot of asset managers and the sell-off in currencies around the globe, the potential for doing something I think is a lot more attractive today, just looking at currency moves around the globe than it was before. So, we are actively out there and are hopeful that something will come that enhances the line-up and adds value long-term.
Ken Lewis: Yes, I think we would expect that line to be more like it was in 2015 on a quarterly basis than what it was this quarter. Maybe that implies I don’t know the exact number of the item but probably in the neighborhood of $10 million.
Ken Lewis: Yes, so, and I think I’ve mentioned, we talked about this subject before. That topic regardless of market conditions has come up over the years. And we’ve done a lot of analysis on it. But so, I wouldn’t say, I think that market volatility as I mentioned causes to just look at our entire business, all the business processes, all the business lines and rationalize everything. And I would include outsourcing of any type.
Ken Lewis: And I would just add, I mean, again, in any environment this is something that we would look at. And because of our structure and capabilities in lower cost regions like India, we’re very, cost competitive to the market in those services. If we were not, then that’s something that we have to consider. So those groups know that that’s something they need to validate, they need to press cost down and they’ve done that effectively. So it really hasn’t given us a reason to go out and outsource it.
Ken Lewis: Yes, I would just say the quarterly run rate is dependent on several factors many of which we’ve talked about today, M&A, share markets etcetera. We continue to think the stock is at good value, we purchase shares in January, you could see that from our filing. And we don’t, we have many options in terms of capacity. So I don’t see that as a near-term issue at all. I think future share repurchases are just dependent on many of the factors that we talked about previously.
