Gregory Johnson: Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me for his final earnings call as CFO is Ken Lewis. We also have Jenny Johnson, our President and Chief Operating Officer, with us today. Importantly, strong investment performance translated to better flows from many of our flagship funds. Retail sales and redemptions improved significantly, particularly for global fixed income that once again attracted inflows as did Franklin income.  Earnings per share improved to $0.72, a 33% increase from last quarter. Higher investment income more than offset the initial impact of the cost structure optimization initiatives intended to increase operational efficiencies and streamline the organization.  We'd now like to open the line for your questions.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think partly sometimes coming off a volatile quarter, it does slow down redemption activity. We've seen that in the past. But, I think, nothing else other than better performance comes to mind. And certainly, the pickup and focus on some of the flagship funds where we've had larger redemptions and then had better performance, I'm sure has helped as well.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think the plan is to, first, get Benefit Street -- I mean, get our distribution comfortable with the investment process and team and then really go tackle. And that's really what they've done, I'd say, in the early months, and now we're going out with roadshows around the globe to introduce Benefit Street to our -- many of our global clients. We're also looking at expanding the retail part of the equation and developing some products there. But it's still early stage, but the focus has really been on making sure that our entire team is up to speed on Benefit Street and then attacking the clients in an optimal way.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks, Bill. Our guidance, we're pretty confident that we can get the run rate expenses to be at the 2018 levels. That's as a result of all the cost-savings initiatives that we're doing right now.
Gregory Johnson: No. I think we all worked with the Board on the strategy around optimizing the capital management and certainly, you'll have a new input to that, but nothing at this stage to really speak about.
Gregory Johnson: And I would just that, I think, as we've always said in M&A, if we see something accelerates our ETF and potentially complements the offerings and things, we're certainly still looking at that as well.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, I mean, I think we just pointed that it's not -- it's a challenge to combine entities of that size. But certainly, there is a huge opportunity for cost savings and synergies there. And I don't think we have that strong opinion one way or another other than if we have the right fit and right culture and right complement, we would certainly take that on. I just pointed to how disruptive it can be and difficult. But certainly, there is opportunity if executed well on that. That's something that every firm, I think, has to be open to when looking at margins and other ways to reduce expenses in a challenged revenue environment.  The other -- I don't think there is much new to report, and Jenny can add maybe, but on looking at distribution plays and M&A., I think that's certainly something that, as we have said on past calls, that we're more open to doing in certain markets and it will continue to look, but there is nothing new really new to say there.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, I think -- I think, you're correct in saying that there's -- that's where we had some headwinds continuing. And I think the majority of our assets historically have been on the Templeton side and institutional and another -- as the markets have rebounded, they value trailed growth by about 400 basis points over the quarter, so that hasn't helped the relative numbers there.  And as we enter our 10th, 11th year of this cycle, it's just -- you still have pressure on redemptions and certainly not new sales to support that. So that's where we saw some global equity accounts go as well as some variable annuity, that's been a continued headwind.  We probably have another $1 billion next quarter coming and that'd be a business that some of it's going passive, a lot of it's just they've gotten out of the business and are looking whether it's low vol or other type of fund managers or indexing. We've seen a lot of that. And that represented a large number of the redemptions as well for the past quarter.  So those are the two that continue, I think, to put pressure on the net numbers. And overall, retail would have been just about breakeven or positive if it wasn't for the institutional side where we see some of the larger redemptions. The good news is they're in lower cost fund -- separate accounts or funds.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. I just would say in general, I mean, it was a stronger quarter for tax-free flows and for us, a positive inflow, which it hasn't been in a while. So that was good. I think the -- everybody becomes more aware of taxes and especially in those states that no longer have the state deduction, the tax -- the double tax rate is very attractive and our Cal tax-free has done pretty well in performance on top of that. So I think it's an area that clearly had improved gross sales and flows and hopefully, that will continue as people have to pay up more their estimated taxes and things to make up the difference of not having that the state deduction.
Gregory Johnson: You're right, it is severance. I think we can give you perhaps a range for what we think the execution cost for all this cost savings are. We think it's about 2% increase. 2% of the increase is related to the execution costs, other cost initiatives.
Gregory Johnson: I do. Performance fees were minimal in total and inclusive of Benefit Street this quarter. And I think we are still pretty confident in our projections that this year it was -- as we said, it's going to be neutral. Next year slightly accretive and then as a result, the revenue growth accretive after that.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. The cash -- you could see the cash went down this quarter, though it's pretty much related to Benefit Street and a couple of other things. But...
Gregory Johnson: Yes. I just -- I actually just returned from Asia yesterday and spent nine days traveling around. And we're actually seeing most of the growth in -- or rebound in sales coming from Asia. And if you look at Hong Kong, Singapore, in particular, Europe secondarily. But as we said before, a lot of these type of retail sales are driven from the home office and the platform and putting it back on. And we're really seeing a renewed interest in the global bond fund.  And I think part of that is just the fear of retail investors right now having gone through December. And even with the rebound, there's just a lot of caution out there. And this fund had a positive return in December, which, I think, just highlighted how it can lower the overall risk in a portfolio and people looking for alternatives that are not as beta- and duration-related. So we just had a strong renewed interest there and very optimistic that, that will continue as markets reach new highs as well. So it's really been more Asia, then Europe and then the U.S.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. I don't think, as I said before, that the change in the CFO has a whole lot to do with the buybacks. I think you had a very choppy December period in redemptions and you had the acquisition. And we've been pretty aggressive in buying back and we -- if you're opportunistic, you really don't want to set the given level at any time. And also there was much lower volume in the stock through that period. So we don't Like to be the market in the stock as well and just back up a little bit. But I don't think it should indicate any think going forward other than we're going to continue to be opportunistic and use the cash and then have, as we said before, we think the balance sheet provides us with a lot of options. And we're going to continue to look at, whether it's alternatives or other things that we think can add shareholder value over time.
Gregory Johnson: I don't -- we're not looking at the -- we don't look at the outsourcing decision on a product basis. It's more of a process basis. And so I think, specifically, we're talking about aspects of the fund accounting, fund reporting process. The decision to outsource, we feel, brings it more in line with our peers. And it's part of a broader effort to kind of advance our capabilities. And I think one of the things that's changed for the providers is that, they've reached a scale where they can meet our global and unique needs on a cost efficient basis and that wasn't the case before. I guess that's it.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, it covers -- yes. exactly. It's not products specific. It's across the all the funds processed.
Gregory Johnson: It's probably similar to this quarter where we -- I can -- I had about $1.1 billion as well go out this quarter and just in -- we've identified another $1 billion next quarter. And I don't have the assets that -- we'll get back on that. But there's nothing, I think, any of the older assets you could put at risk just because that they are at change, but nothing beyond that $1 billion as far as visibility for the quarter -- the next quarter that we are aware of.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, let me just say that this is -- there'll be more to come on this next year. It's kind of -- it is a pretty early announcement on this. And so even the execution of it will take us -- the beginning of the execution will take us into 2020. And so it's really a 10-year cost benefit analysis on that. So there'll be more to come on that in the future.
Gregory Johnson: Well, thank you very much, everyone, for attending and I want to thank Ken Lewis for his tremendous service to our organization over his career. He will still be with us through the transition here, but I just want to thank him on behalf of all of us.
Jennifer Johnson: And I'll just add that I think some of the investments we've made on adding talent to the distribution channels, we've seen upticks in our New York Stock Exchange channel and had some additional placements with gatekeepers and things and most recently, hires in the private wealth and the SMA channels. So I think that that's probably also helping.
Jennifer Johnson: You're still seeing some of that. I mean, obviously, is -- firms are rationalizing it, but we're also, in some cases, winning in those channels.
Jennifer Johnson: We obviously pay isn't close attention to the various blind trusts that are coming through the SEC. And with the most recent approval the Presidian, it's limited in that it's really U.S.-listed equities. So -- and you're talking about ones that can be replaced. So it's tended to be mid- and large-cap. So in that space, if we have an active product that we think that makes sense, we would certainly consider it. We have active fixed income that are performing very well, and they don't need that kind of blind trust.  And so it just depends. We're open and looking at all of them. And right now, we're seeing some good growth that we're about to just to hit $4 billion in ETFs with -- this quarter, we had one -- our FLQL, which is our liberty shares of U.S. equity ETF that is now $1.1 billion. And one of the key things with ETF is just scale, attracts more institutional players and our smart beta performed very well through this volatile market.
Jennifer Johnson: Sure. Yes. No, obviously, multi-asset solutions and distribution are two big areas. And in that, in distribution, it's both in people. So we've added key talent in important areas as well as technology, technologies that support the distribution channels whether we're partnering or developing some capabilities on our own. And then, of course, data science. Data science that supports our distribution so that we could be smarter at providing the right products through the distribution channels and, of course, on the investment management side.  We believe that active managers need to be -- need to have the ability to leverage AI and machine learning and data science to gain insights. And that's really nascent, but it's important. We think it's very important over the long run. And so developing capabilities around that is critical.
Jennifer Johnson: We are beginning to see it pay off. We actually had a good uptick this quarter, but it is still a much smaller part of our U.S. retail distribution and one that we're very focused on growing. And there's a lot of different ways to be able to attack that market. We have a multi-asset solutions has launched for models that we think will be appealing to that market. We also have come up with sleeves that can be incorporated into more of open-architecture models. We look at strategic investments in tools that RIAs use because they tend to be more independent in some of the technology that they use.  And so whether we do strategic investments or whether we support those applications through our own models and content. So all of those things are focused for us on the RIA channel. Obviously, the ETFs. We're getting some good traction on the ETF space in the RIA channel. They tend to like ETFs but we definitely see it as a very important strategic focus going forward.
Jennifer Johnson: I'll just ask -- answer a couple of things. I think that, no, you wouldn't see a dramatic reduction, but there will be some reductions to the fund's expenses. So there is some savings to the individual funds. And if anything, it's as much as a risk. And as Ken mentioned, just historically, one of the reasons that we had it in-house is that the providers just didn't have the global footprint that we had to be able to do it. Now they can and they have a scale that can meet our cost level. And for us, it's also as much a risk mitigation as they are able to continue to invest in the technology.
Kenneth Lewis: Yes. I'll simplify that even more. Our estimate is like between $50 million -- for the remainder of this fiscal year between $50 million and $60 million of execution costs.
Kenneth Lewis: And there are market issues too. Like, for example, this quarter, our 10(b)-18 volume dropped more than 40% versus last quarter. So there's -- those execution issues as well.
Kenneth Lewis: One thing I think it's important to point out is we will continue to -- while we continue to invest in the strategic initiatives that Jenny mentioned, there was some frontloading of that last year. Some investments we made last year. And so you did see an increase in expenses there and that were kind of if you were backfilling or kind of globalizing the expense base as the rails of that. So we'll continue to make those investments. I think that this process that we're going through makes us more efficient and more scalable. So normally, we might have seen a certain growth rate as the business grows. I think certain growth rate of expenses as the business grows. I don't think we'll see that in the future because of our -- we're increasing our scale. So I think inflation is a good guideline to think about expense growth, but we will try to keep it under that.
Kenneth Lewis: Thanks. Thanks, Greg. Just a few words. Yes, so it's been over 30 years and over 50 earnings calls here. As Greg said, I'll stay in advisory capacity until September 30. The March has felt like -- the 30-year March has felt like a good times to try to make a change and including a little R&R before the next opportunity. There's no shortage of opportunities in the Bay Area, as I'm sure you can guess. But I do want to say I feel very confident leave you in good hands. I know the Executive team here and we will be successful. One of the reason that I worked for so long is the company's deep culture of honest -- honesty and integrity.  I know they'll -- those values will serve them. And I want to thank all of you for your thoughtful and thought-provoking questions over the past 13 years. I'm sure I'll miss that quarterly challenge. So I hope we all pass across in the future. So thanks a lot everyone.
