Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, hello, and thank you for joining us this morning. We know it's a busy day for all of you, but hopefully, the prerecorded commentary was able to answer the bulk of your questions. With me today is Ken Lewis, our CFO; and Vijay Advani, Executive Vice President of Global Advisory Services. The fourth quarter capped off another record year of operating results with revenues, operating income and net income reaching all-time highs. Additionally, we are pleased with improving flow trends in the Hybrid and equity products, and continue to see equity strategy relative performance improvements. At this time, I'd like to open it up for your questions.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think it is encouraging, certainly, to see the strength across the equity side and Hybrid, and also just to note the level of exchanges that are going in those 2 areas, at $1.5 billion going to Hybrid out of other funds and $1.1 billion into equity. So you are seeing somewhat of a rotation part of that, obviously, with munis and people looking for other alternatives. But the good news is it's staying within the complex. I think there is clearly an appetite. We're seeing it for balanced funds as well. That Templeton Balanced Fund is one of our fastest-growing funds. And those that are a little bit uncomfortable with where maybe rates are heading and don't want all of that interest rate risk, but do like the lower volatility, you are seeing an increase interest in Hybrids. And I think the big story that we think going forward is really the global equity one, and we continue to do very well on the institutional side with wins and you tend to turn around faster there on the strength of relative performance. But retail does take longer, and -- but we are starting to see that turn and we're starting to see it by the better Morningstar ratings, things like that that have to happen, and there's just a lag effect there. But I think that trend should continue for us, and it should be a trend better than the industry overall because you do have the turnaround and lag effect of what the Templeton's done with flows.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes. I don't think it will change the appetite one way or the other. We have 1 more board meeting in the calendar year. We'll talk about that in December in terms of whether we want to do a special dividend or not. So generally, the strategy is exactly the same, dividends, the share repurchases being opportunistic, and then perhaps, a special dividend.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think we feel like muni is -- you have headline events that affect specific cities or areas between Detroit and Puerto Rico, which has been dominating the headlines, and we think the story with munis is a very positive one for the overall market. Most states' revenues are improving, and the quality of ability to pay back the debt has improved over the past year. We don't think that's been really factored in, and so that's the message we're going out with. And just, muni is a nice thing. It's like any fixed income. When you have a selloff and you get more attractive yields, you attract new smart buyers into munis, and I think that's what will happen once this settles. But it is relatively a liquid market, and it does sell off on headline risk and that creates opportunities. So we're out there just trying to get that message out, and Vijay has something to add.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes, I mean, I hope it has. And certainly, unless you have another Detroit in the next few months -- I think the market will start to settle and differentiate between risk, where it's a pretty broad selloff when you have these kind of outflows. And that, again, that's what creates the opportunity for us. So it just depends. You're correct. We have a longer duration on munis, it will always be that way. And the area we don't really worry about as much from a relative performance standpoint when looking at our complex is the short-term numbers on munis because of the -- we do want a higher income and stability, and that's how those funds are managed. So sometimes, you will underperform in the short run on a total return basis, so that's normal for us.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I mean, I think that's one of the most important things that we do, for senior management, is thinking about people, succession, retention and hopefully, that's something we try to get right, and you always have that risk. And that risk is something that we factor into all of our long-term compensation awards on coming up with succession for each area. And then it really comes down to compensation and the quality of work environment, and hopefully, we get those right. So I think it's always a compliment when people come to us and talk about people and risk of them leaving because that means you have the right kind of talent and organization. And at the end of the day, if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur, there's not a whole lot you can do about that, but we try to also create some incentives that are aligned with that kind of entrepreneurship in a large organization. And I -- hopefully, you look at our retention levels, hopefully, we do good job, but obviously, a risk that we have to recognize and deal with.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think the only point I'd make that I think may add some color on the global bond flows is the -- if you look at the net outflow and you would think redemption spike, but they didn't spike. They were actually flat quarter-over-quarter. It was just sales were down 47% in that category. So I think that just tells you that the market was in that kind of risk off mode and -- or risk, yes, risk off for that period and just holding to see where it went in the short run, and hopefully, you can snap back. And most of the -- that drop was more in Europe and in the places that have been the big drivers where it slowed down, and that tends to pick up a bit faster when people are more comfortable with some of the macro events and tapering and things that are having an impact on certainly emerging market debt. So we -- I think we've seen it snap back before. We hope it does quickly. And I think the good news is that in Europe, that the flows are more volatile, and that works both ways, so hopefully, you can start to see a pick up, but I think we don't really want to speculate on where we're going this early into the quarter.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think it was still a -- the more related to the tapering and the selloff in emerging market debt in the prior quarter that affected that, not so much the shutdown. And now the sentiment is certainly the other way on tapering versus the risk that was out there in the prior quarter.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: And I would just add. I mean, the 1 fund that is probably not on a lot of people's radar screen, but if you look at our SICAV range, it had more net inflows than we did outflows in the Asian Growth, would be the European Growth, which had $1.3 billion in net inflows for the quarter. So that has a lot of momentum right now on the strength of Europe and a relatively new fund for us.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: So on the Templeton Balanced Fund, I think that was launched about 5 years ago, so it has a 3-year track record. And on the cash side, well, wait for the K to come out. It will be out shortly. And I'm going to say the range is about 55% to 60% -- say, 55% non-U.S. cash.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, first of all, I mean, I think we've been out it pushing in front of advisers as hard as we can since the financial crisis. That's been our theme on equity, so we think we hopefully are already in good position to do that. I think as I mentioned earlier in the call, the Templeton side, it just takes a while to get back into -- us back on the shelf, with -- especially with retail. But I think on the strength of the 1-, 3- and 5-year numbers now in the history, and the strength of the brand, and really just the bet that was made on Europe and it had a tough time, I think that's the area that it's in the best position. I think you have pockets of strength throughout. Our Rising Dividend Fund continues to do extremely well in this environment, the Franklin Growth Fund. All of those are large significant funds with long-term track records that are very much entrenched right in a lot of platforms. But I think the additional piece would be the global equity side.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think the market, you will really see the market differentiate funds like the Global Bond Fund, which I think in a lot of people's minds gets lumped into a fixed income category, when I was looking at more like an alternative or kind of a fund that's not really correlated with the equity markets and currency's going to be the bigger driver. So I think what you've seen even this year, if we come in and have a positive return against most fixed income funds which are negative, that's going to tell the market that this is something different than a typical fixed income fund. So I think you can. I think it just comes down to, as the records move apart from each other, where rising rates and longer maturities put a negative total return, those will be hard to sell. But I also think that we have a lot of funds positioned and that we know, like everybody else, that the rates don't always go down and we have a lot of funds, we have floating rate funds, one of our top-selling funds right now, that hopefully can do well in a rising rate environment.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: You're not helping my year-end compensation discussions, but anyway, the first question around how do you retain, I mean, it goes back to what I talked about earlier, but we do special long-term awards that hopefully create the kind of long-term incentives that make it difficult for people to consider other alternatives and also vesting on those that talks about things like succession, planning and have the very specific metrics in place, develop successors, and they understand, too. It's in, really, to their interest. I mean, the demands on those 2 are very high, from the retail channel when you look at all the different places where we are sold, so having senior people there is extremely important. At the end of the day, we -- there's no ball and chain. I mean, we're at-will employers. And we just do our best to make sure that the incentives are a little bit different than just your traditional bonus every year. And we try to be as creative as possible in doing that. And things like Mike -- Michael Hasenstab with the global summits fund is something that's unique to that area because we do recognize, obviously, that the fund is so closely associated with what he has done.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes. I mean, we can get that. I don't -- I think if the fund, as I mentioned, if it has a positive return for the year in a raising rate environment, you would think currency was a net positive for attribution. That's my quick summary, but we can get the exact info for you.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I'll just start with -- I mean, I was looking at the wins over the quarter and ones that haven't been funded yet as well, and I think the consistent category would be global equity and that's not new to anybody, but that's where we're seeing. We also have seen it at add-ons to additional accounts that have been with us a long time, and then not based again on the strength, we're starting to see a positive trend on that. But I don't think there's anything new from a category that I've seen, just more global equity searches and more wins, but I'll ask Vijay then.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, thank you, everyone, for attending the call today, and we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes, that's right. The -- there was nothing really significant about the reclass. It was essentially just some new developments, new contracts that we were -- just there was a little bit of a backlog in reviewing and we just caught up on that. So there's nothing -- there's no trend there that you have to worry about in terms of the effective fee rate. I mean, you're right, the effective fee rate was more or less flat. And with regards to the effective fee rate and the industry as a whole, you see some pressures on fees and the institutional, on the institutional categories a little bit, so we factor that in looking forward. And on the expense side, in general, we're going to try to keep the expense growth under 5% next year. But as you said, it is seasonal, so first quarter, we would expect to see a drop, particularly in that information technology line, and then ramping back up throughout the year, as [indiscernible] going away.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes, this is Ken. I'll just take a start. I just wanted to point out that the flows really and the redemptions really did tend to bottom out in August during the quarter. It wasn't something that gradually built up through the quarter. It was a spike in August. So I just want to put that in there before Greg and Vijay add to that.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Well, if it's retail business, it should be -- it should improve the margin, right? I mean, you can just kind of gauge by the industry. And we show this in our disclosures, kind of industry rates and all that, so you can get a feel for what our global equity fee rates are in our U.S. taxable -- I'm sorry, our U.S. fixed income rates, and then most of that drops to the bottom line.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: And I think if you -- we've shown this in some IR slides in the past. The average tenure of the chief investment officers, the average tenure of the portfolio managers, it's pretty impressive. We've certainly had store managers leave in the past. And it hasn't been because we focus on all of the things that Greg mentioned, the succession planning, having a team built around the -- and the process, that it really hasn't resulted in great outflows. And the other point I'd make is, I think in the example that you had, that's more of like maybe a big fish in a small pond-type of investment manager, where because of our global diversification, it gets spread out across -- you don't see as much of an impact I guess.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Not really. It was a dramatic spike, and it was in our aging Growth Fund and the muni Bond Fund. So it was kind of in 2 relatively large products that we had redemptions for different reasons in the same month. So it's kind of bounced back nicely in September, I can tell you that.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Well, I think we have been on a little bit of a ramp-up in terms of headcount, so that's going to have some upward pressure that you can't avoid. We have a normal seasonality with payroll taxes. We have a merit increase, I think, the average was about 3%. That's effective in December, so you have 1 month of that next quarter, and then 3 months the following. So that's kind of why I think 4%, 5% is a good number to target.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes. So, I mean, we do have flexibility, right? And I think we demonstrated that, and I guess the most recent example would have been in the global financial crisis where I think we did a pretty good job of reducing the expenses where we can without kind of hurting our strategic initiatives. So maybe a couple -- maybe some background on how we look at the budgeting might be helpful. First of all, when we budget, we assume no market either way, so that's -- so we say -- we just kind of rely on what we think organic flows could be and reinvestments and all that, and what the average change in assets under management are, and then we look at the expense growth. And we're just basically messaging to the troops, so the things that we can control, to try to keep it at run rate with, as I mentioned, as in the inherent 3%, 4%, 5% increase in it. So that's what we're focusing on. And when I say the things that we can control, I'm excluding the sales distribution, sales distribution expense line. Because a lot of it is market-driven, sales-driven, and a lot of that is based on average assets under management. So hopefully maybe that provided some color for you. I mean I, think on the IT line, we're seeing -- we're just seeing some increased expenses. There's things that we have to replace.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Right. So if you picture Slide 19 in your mind, there are certain things that are relatively predictable, interest expense, interest earnings on cash, et cetera. If you look at -- the thing that drives volatility is the consolidated sponsored investment products, so these are the products that will consolidate because there are some element of control in the product, whether it's our seed money or a general partner interest or what have you. And so what you're seeing is the underlying investment gains offers of those products. It's not something that we have access to, which is something that we're recognizing on the books. And we try to show you the impacts of that in our 10-K. We try to show you the components of investments by investment objective, so you can see that typically, the type of investments are global equity. So if you wanted to try to project that, and by the way, if you get very accurate, let's talk. If you try -- if you want to look at the components of the products that we're consolidating, it's usually in the trading investment line and we haven't broken out by investment objectives, so you can make your assumption on global equity or U.S. fixed income or what have you, and that should be helpful.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Fees are typically -- it's mostly is in private equity at this point. With K2, we'll have a little bit more of that and we did see that this year. So it's $6 million in the current quarter, which typically have a little bit in December, and then we have a little bit next June. But it hasn't been material even to the revenue line, and I don't expect it to be material going forward either, at least in the short term.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes. I think my comments were specifically on munis and the Asian Growth Fund because that's where we saw the largest redemptions. I don't know, I think -- I don't think there's anything else there really to talk about that maybe you guys...
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes, and I'll -- this is Ken. I'm trying to tackle the question on SICAV which is a good point that you raised. I think, certainly, SICAV is larger part of our business than it was in the past, and there does tend to be a shorter-term time horizon. But 2 points I want to make. I guess if you go back and think about some of the large departures, 1 was at Templeton a few years ago. And at that point, the overall assets under management were smaller, but we have a huge SICAV presence with the Templeton Growth Fund. And so I think the comparisons are valid now as it was historically. So we didn't see a large decrease in the Templeton SICAV product at that time when that manager departed.
Vijay Chandur Advani: Yes, and in fact, we have stepped up our marketing on munis. We think this is a good opportunity for many of our long-standing clients to get back in, and so we're doing a fair amount of marketing here in the U.S.
Vijay Chandur Advani: Yes. We've been building that -- this is Vijay. We've been building that capability over the last couple of years. And it's only in the last 6, 8 months that we've had some funds that we've actually launched, both in our SICAV range in the U.K. under the OEIC, as well as here in the U.S. As you know, we recently acquired K2. We are working with them on a retail hedge fund of funds, our multi-asset strategy. We've started seeing some traction, especially in Europe and here in the U.S. as well, so it's been -- these things take time to build up, but both our marketing campaign, web-based campaign, as well as our sales folks on the ground have been talking about this strategy, and we've been seeing good interest both by gatekeepers on the retail side, as well as consultants.
Vijay Chandur Advani: This is Vijay again. I think the 2 big themes, one is domestic fixed income, the global fixed income. There are a lot of institutions, both institutions and frankly, even the retail channel that's yet dominated by domestic fixed income, whether you're in Europe or in the U.S. And they're looking -- they continue to look for global fixed income. And on the equity side, I think global equity continues to lead for us. That's our forte. We've seen performance come back for us in that area, and we are seeing some surges by consultants.
Vijay Chandur Advani: No. This is Vijay. Absolutely, I think the main theme -- we are seeing the retail clients, really, many of them being cautious even if they don't come straight back into equity. It's really in the balanced suite of products, and clearly, the leader there is Franklin Income. But besides Franklin income, we have several other balanced products that are U.S.-focused, Franklin Balanced Fund. Some of them is the convertible securities fund. So we have a full suite. And then those that want some global exposure are looking at the Templeton Global Balanced, which is our leader. And we have seen that even on the offshore side, so you're really seeing 2 rotations, again, 1 from domestic fixed to global fixed. And then from fixed to those that have more risk appetite go directly into equities, but many of them are initially going into a balanced, whether it's the Franklin or the Templeton Balanced Funds.
Vijay Chandur Advani: I think on the retail side, it's really more the real estate. We've been in that market for quite some time now, so the real estate funds, we're also seeing -- as I mentioned earlier, we are looking at launching our K2 capability in both the '40 Act and the SICAV. So those, I would say, are the 2 main. On the institutional side, we have a global summit, which is more a global fixed income, global macro fund, and that's come up with a pretty good track record now, so we are seeing some interest there with consultants and even gatekeepers. So I would say those are the 2 or 3 that are -- that we're focused on.
Vijay Chandur Advani: So on the U.S. side, the Franklin Income, which is our main flagship Hybrid, as I think we mentioned, just completed its 65 years, and that's north of $80 billion, and I think that's public record. And we're seeing good flows there. The Templeton Global Balanced Fund which is more -- it was launched, I believe, about 3 or 4 years ago. And so it's yet early days, but we're seeing good traction. It's -- that fund is about $2 billion and hopefully growing. Those are our 2 main flagships. And then, as I mentioned, there are several others that are in the balanced Hybrid category that are a little smaller. Go ahead, finish up.
Vijay Chandur Advani: Sorry. The other point I just wanted to mention was on the Franklin Income Fund, based on the success in the U.S. and the long track record, we also launched that in the SICAV range, and that has now seen pretty good flows, especially over the last 12 months. I think the flows were north of $500 million.
Vijay Chandur Advani: Yes. I think, yes, Greg. We're seeing, besides global equity, is even our regional funds that are focused on Europe. As Greg mentioned, the Franklin European growth, Mutual European, I think those we're seeing more interest, and I think both advisers, gatekeepers feel that that's where we're going to see more growth. And the Templeton foreign fund, in particular, that had taken up a big exposure to Europe, I think we're seeing some good traction there as well.
Vijay Chandur Advani: Yes. And keep in mind that even on the institutional side in Europe and Asia, yet 80%, 90% of fixed income allocation is domestic. And I think that as they globalize that and get into global fixed income, you can see opportunities both on the institutional and retail side.
Vijay Chandur Advani: Yes. I think in the U.S., you're seeing more of -- more searches in global equities, for sure. We've been talking about that for a couple of years, and our exposure to Europe at one point was a drag on performance. And so, while I think consultants appreciated our value discipline, they are now looking at us more closely. And the second region, I would say, is really Asia. Asia's institutional business is actually growing quite well. In fact, as institutions and sovereign wealth funds try to get more global in their exposure, both global bonds and global equities tend to be our forte, and therefore, we're seeing some activity there as well.
