Greg Johnson: Good afternoon and thanks for taking time out to join us for this call. I am Greg Johnson, along with Ken Lewis, our CFO. We are please to report another solid quarter across the board as our company continues its strong recovery from the prior year. At least 85% of our longer term assets outperformed our Lipper peer group for the three, five, and 10 year periods. And long term net new flows exceeded $15 billion. Operating income increased 21% this quarter. On the capital management front, we paid a special dividend of $3 that have now returned almost $1.4 billion to shareholders over the last 12 months alone. Before we open it up to questions I want to take a moment to note with great regret that one of our Independent Directors Bob Joffe passed away today from cancer. Bob was a partner at the law firm of Cravath Swaine & Moore and served as the firm's presiding partner from 1999 to 2006. He joined our board in 2003 and served as Chair of our corporate governance committee. Bob also was a member of the board of Fiduciary Trust of subsidiary. All of us at Franklin benefited greatly from Bob's guidance and oversight. He will be missed. Our thoughts go out to his family. I'd now like to open it up for your questions.
Greg Johnson: I think it's important to note that the larger driver there is going to be assets and sales for that line. And advertising as a whole would probably be higher than the prior year because it was cut quite a bit.
Greg Johnson: Unfortunately, I don't have that breakdown in front of me between what is retail and institutional. But the majority of it is going to be institutional. We did have one large addition, I think it was $1.2 billion into an existing emerging markets debt account during the quarter. But really no other large separate accounts in global bonds. The majority of that number is driven by retail. Most of that in the US probably two-thirds and the rest coming from international.
Greg Johnson: Well, again the big increase is around the global bond side. If you look at most of the categories, they were relatively flat or close to flat as far as the gross sales numbers. Really the global bond category where we saw the biggest pick up. 
Greg Johnson: Of note, there was a pickup in the redemption line, and I do know that there were some lumpy redemptions. We had a couple of large accounts go to passive during the quarter that affected the global equity redemption line. So this will again I think the retail numbers were fairly stable and the only really movement of note in that category was some institutional redemptions.
Greg Johnson: I think it's a very positive story for the quarter. And Fiduciary probably had one of their best quarters to date certainly since we have been a part of the organization, and part of that shows up in the hybrid line and that’s part of the reason you see the increase from $1 billion about $500 million to $600 million of that was inflow into Fiduciary balanced accounts so obviously good momentum there. A lot of positive developments brought on some new people. And we have seen some real growth there and I think that is a very, very positive story.
Greg Johnson: Yeah I think it is similar to the whole equity story I mean you'd hope you'd see a bit more of a pick up I think some of the momentum may be between the dollar being a little stronger overall on the quarter may be a contributor to a pickup in redemptions. And I just think the overall uncertainty some of the headwinds that we've seen on the US equity side are still there on the global equity side as well. Not a whole lot of confidence overall in equities today.
Greg Johnson: Well, it was a very strong quarter on the retail side in both Europe and Asia and Europe again driven by global bond sales, very strong in Italy, Switzerland. Some of that could be more platform driven where you're getting bigger chunks on to platforms and those kind of markets. Asia growth, very strong again for the quarter for us. Those are really the two drivers as far as products and most of that is just your typical retail distribution. I don't have a breakdown between banks, planners or the rest. 
Greg Johnson: There was one non-recurring item that probably bumped up a little bit, about $3 million and I think if you back that out, the margin was about the same as it was last quarter.
Greg Johnson: Well, I did try to give some guidelines for that in the prepared remarks, that we certainly do think that there'll be upward pressure in compensation and for a number of factors. One is there's a little bit of seasonality that you see in the first quarter and there was also just one month of expense in last quarter for things like bonuses and performance shares and also there was some salary rollbacks that happened last year that are being reinstated this year. So in general, I do see that line going up about 2% to 4% and that is in the context of flat revenues. If revenues increase, then I think you will see that line increase a little bit more.
Greg Johnson: I think that’s probably right, and I wouldn't draw any conclusions. I think the pipeline is still very active and strong as far as global equity surges for us. We really haven't seen any change there.
Greg Johnson: I don't think so. I think it's been pretty consistent. Just this quarter we had a couple of larger redemptions and they weren’t due to performance there just due to a couple going passive.
Greg Johnson: Yes, I would say that you really shouldn't look at our capital management activity last quarter. It should not be a signal I should say that any change in our philosophy going forward. There were a number of factors that were considered in declaring that special dividend. They looked at US cash flow. US cash flow has been increasing because we’ve talked about the shift in investor preference to fixed income assets, all of those assets are managed in the United States. So we're getting some free cash flow in the United States from that. Certainly, the low tax rate was a consideration. I just want to emphasize it really shouldn't be a signal that we're changing any of our philosophy whether that’s our philosophy on acquisitions or share repurchases in the future.
Greg Johnson: I don't have the numbers in front of me on the size. We're really targeting all of the advisors that we are in contact with. And we just think that right now, especially with all the press around the last decade in equity investing that we need to give advisors more tools to deal with what is a growing trend of people feeling that equities are too risky or just not providing the returns. So the 20/20 vision campaign is just a nice, clean, quick facts on equity investing over various periods. And it's consistent with our theme in marketing of increasing our equity presence. And it's something we've talked about for prior calls and we are seeing an incremental numbers of actually some of our US equity funds had positive inflows during the quarter. They're just not large enough really to mention, but the trend is good there.
Greg Johnson: I think those two examples, Malaysia, Thailand are two different market and one in Malaysia for us, we got the immediate benefit of being there on the institutional side, and got some significant wins just this past month from the government there. Thailand’s more of a investment management office for us. I think Malaysia for us, we just received the [Shariah] license, which is something we're going to start in that market, and hopefully, it would be portable into other markets and could leverage our existing global equity funds into a whole new audience. So it's going to take time. There's been no portable [Shariah] kind of funds to date, but that market is moving pretty quickly and we think we're in a pretty good position there.
Greg Johnson: That's relative to what the revenue increase is. I think you're going to see some, like I said you're going to see some increase in spending across all the categories. But it's not going to be dramatic and if you see a sharp uptick in revenue, the expenses will definitely not keep up with that, and all the same if you see a sharp downturn.  We're kind of cognizant and days like today remind us that we're not out of the woods yet in terms of this market environment. So we're just being pretty cautious. But we are committed to increase our investment in the business.
Greg Johnson: Well, we would hope so. We've had some wins that we think we have a pretty good product right now, and are on a lot of platforms and we're getting good visibility through a lot of consultants as the Franklin global advisers and our global growth product, and that would be an area that I think we'll start to see some wins, and that would be a new category for us, but as far as the opportunity set to date, immediate, it's still global equities, it's global [ag], emerging markets debt. 
Greg Johnson: I think as I mentioned, it really has not shifted for us. Those are the areas that we're seeing demand. We've been fairly consistent with getting decent sized mandates every quarter and we think that's going to continue. Putting it relative to a few quarters ago, I think it's still improving.
Greg Johnson: I think the obvious area of concern for the industry is just the potential of some tax and what’s being proposed to the banks today. We are a bank holding company. We're working with the ICI to make sure that A; asset management company is not included in that. That's our understanding, we wouldn't be. But we want to make sure that if anybody is thinking that, that we're making sure, we're making the case on why we shouldn't be included in that. So that's the one area of risk. I think for us, our structure is somewhat flexible. We don't have to be a bank holding company. If anything happened that was problematic whether it’s taxes or regulatory environment, we have the flexibility to get out of the businesses that make us qualify as a holding company too pretty quickly.
Greg Johnson: I think there were two redemptions right around $700 million in global equities. The total was about $700 million, and another one in Japan for $330 million, so that's about a $1 billion of those redemptions were related to just three accounts. As far as the RFP activity goes, again, global equities continue to be very strong.
Greg Johnson: I think we're still seeing strong demand. I just spent two weeks in Asia, and the relationships are very strong with the central banks, with the retirement, with the government retirement plans. So, I would continue to see that as a huge opportunity for us where I think we have a bit of a unique position, it's not consultant driven in those markets, it's more direct relationships and if you look at trade flow and everything else, those accounts and surpluses should continue to grow and that means additional monies into additional accounts and additional opportunities.
Greg Johnson: I don't think there's a specific mutual fund. We've gotten some Asia, ex-Japan mandates. We've gotten just kind of pure global equities. Templeton has always been somewhat two organizations as far as portfolio management goes and the institutional has a little bit of a different style than retail as far as matching a fund per se. So there are some differences there, but really just your typical broad based global equity mandates.
Greg Johnson: I think you will probably see some additions to headcount and it wouldn't be anything dramatic, I don't expect, it would be pretty slow. But we'll see some uptick in headcount in the next couple of quarters. 
Greg Johnson: I think what you're missing, one; we've been very successful with our global discovery Mutual Series five star fund and that continues to have very strong flows. So we have been getting very strong net flows in that category. Templeton remember, I mean a year ago was lagging and had a fairly significant lag that has been caught up with fairly quickly and I think it's just a matter of getting advisors back to selling. You always have your core group there that continue to sell but getting new share just it is more of a lag than it would be on the institutional side. So we're still optimistic, but remember those funds had huge outflows just a few years ago and every quarter are still getting a little bit better on that front. 
Greg Johnson: It's a slightly more profitable in that asset mix, you tend to have more equities and then even global bonds is a better margin than say Munis.
Greg Johnson: I think it's premature to speculate what we would do. We feel we have flexibility and we don't feel that that legislation should affect us. That doesn't mean it won't. But I'd rather not speculate on what we can and can't do for obvious reasons. It's just important to note that we do have flexibility there and it's not core to our businesses.
Greg Johnson: Obviously, you fix many asset managers, so we participate along with the ICI, and it's not our single initiative, no. 
Greg Johnson: I think it's too early again to know how the fee is going to work and that's part of the problem for everyone to assess and it's somewhat of a moving target right now. Initially, they were talking about having fees on mutual fund buys and sells. So things are moving quickly, and we stay involved through the ICI. But at this stage, there's just nothing concrete to go on.
Greg Johnson: I think you have two things at work here and they're both counteracting each other. On the one hand, you will see a reduction in amortization and expense on the B shares as that runs off and that'll be fairly dramatic, but on the other hand, we've been seeing increased volumes on the other share classes that have deferred commissions. So they tend to be offsetting, muddying the waters a little bit. Because of the B share decline, I would not expect to see that line item accelerating in future quarters. But because of the offset, it would probably be flat to slightly less.
Greg Johnson: I'd just like to thank everyone for participating on the call and we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
James Shanahan: I'm sorry to hear the news about the loss in the Franklin family and kicking of the call in such a somber tone but I wanted to ask a couple of questions here about expenses. First with regards to advertising. There is a discussion in the prepared remarks about the seasonality in advertising and how it seems to be sort of weighted towards the back half of the fiscal year. However on a year-over-year basis, there was a relatively large advertising expenditure. And I'm curious what your view is on the sort of the outlook for advertising expense. What it really takes to protect the value of the franchise and perhaps to grow it in this market environment.
James Shanahan: Can we expect to maybe perhaps see advertising expense at some point reaching levels that you reached in the fiscal 2008 calendar year or fiscal year. 
James Shanahan: The way assets have also grown considerably in recent quarters and with the favorable flow trends, it wouldn't be unreasonable to assume that we're talking about higher sort of run rate for advertising. But obviously with that I'd like to ask one other quick question on other operating expenses its clear in the recent downturn that there were items that were discretionary namely travel expenditures, that sort of thing. Why do you think it’s very comfortable with the run rate for other operating expenses? Thank you. 
Ken Lewis: Hey James thanks this is Ken. There is usually some seasonality in the advertising in the first quarter as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. And maybe it would help to just explain a little bit further that there are other things in the advertising and promotional line other than just adverting and for example a large component of that line relates to marketing support payments to intermediaries that are a function of gross sales and asset levels and in this quarter, that's probably about two-thirds of the total line item. Normally, when advertising is at its kind of full level, that's about half. So half for the marketing support and half for the advertising.  Going forward, just on the advertising line. I do expect it to ramp up a little bit. We still think we still have a good story to tell. I think it might even be just pure advertising might even be a little bit more than we advertised last year.
Ken Lewis: And to that point, 2008 a large part of that higher level was due to the expenses that are function of asset under management.
Ken Lewis: I think generally speaking, there will be some pressure on the expenses. I keep saying we're being really thoughtful about how we do that. But I would expect to see some increase, but not a lot in most of the line items, including other expenses.
Ken Lewis: I would just add to that that the campaign is starting at US, but it's going to be leveraged globally, which is something new for us to be able to get that out there quickly.
