Gregory Eugene Johnson: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me, as always, is our CFO, Ken Lewis. The first quarter had many challenges, but overall there were a number of positives, including investment performance, improving flow trends in many asset classes, operating margin and capital management that we highlighted in our commentary that was made available this morning. Hopefully everyone had a chance to listen to that, as well as take a look at our 10-Q that was also filed this morning. Now I'd like to open it up for your questions.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think there was no real significant moves on the institutional side except there was one large account, about $840 million in global equities that was a new mandate during the quarter, and then there were a lot of wins in the $200 million to $300 million range. But really nothing more, I would say, normal as far as wins and losses during the quarter. But nothing really to call out as far as retail trends. I just think there's a lot of noise, quarter-to-quarter, on the institutional side.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think all of that -- we've considered all of that. I'll start with just the flows. And I think as we've called out on prior calls, I think the level of flows coming in to the CCAB and the cross-border funds, we felt that, that was not a sustainable level. And this was the first kind of setback. And also, I think, the other factor is that you do have more control by gatekeepers. And with the increased volatility, they have -- they can slow down a larger portion of your flows versus the U.S., which is more one-on-one out with advisors. And also, I think in the U.S. generally, a smaller portion of an overall portfolio, and in the offshore sales, a lot of newer investors to this category. So what we're seeing and what is consistent with our thinking is that the U.S. was less vulnerable to the downturn and didn't have as much in terms of outflows and is quicker to rebound based on the performance. And I think it is important, it's early for January, but much of the underperformance that we experienced over the last year, we've had a strong rebound in the month of January. So I think that'll help when people see where the fund is priced today. And then on emerging markets bond and capacity, those are all good points. I mean, we came out with emerging markets balanced fund this quarter, which would have more exposure in the smaller markets along with the emerging markets. So capacity is not a constraint right now with sovereign debt and how this fund's been run historically. So we don't think it's an issue with the global bond fund. And I'd also point to the total return fund which continues to grow in terms of flows, which includes corporate's as well.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes. I don't think that's a problem. I think the way the world looks at it or advisors look at asset management is they look for a category and a strong performer that they have a good relationship with. And for us, it's under multiple names with, really, distinct groups. So I don't think you have that kind of concentration risk where they feel like, "Oh, we're -- this is our #1 outside firm, and we need to cut back on that." It's just not an issue. I think people like the global bond. They're going to look at capacity on an individual basis with individual funds. They're not really going to roll it up and see how much they have with the overall firm. So I've never really experienced that as being any kind of a barrier.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, one, I mean you've had a pretty significant rebound in the market, but still headwinds with active managers on the equity side that we've seen, I think. So risk, we haven't seen people coming back into the traditional long-only equity mandates, but we have, I think where you see the movement is on the dividend income side, the hybrid income fund. It's clearly still a flight to quality. We saw a movement in our U.S. government fund, muni sales, those are doing very well. But where -- the area I expect to see continued growth is around rising dividends, equity income and the Franklin Income Fund. I think those are the funds that have equity exposure, have a yield better than a money fund yields certainly, and we think offers better risk/reward. And that's really what we're talking about in distribution.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes. That certainly helps. I mean, we are looking at it and trying to understand are there redemptions coming. And certainly, they're a little bit higher with the newer money that haven't really seen the ups and downs over time. And we have had periods of underperformance in the past with this fund, and because this fund is not really run to a benchmark or an index. And to get the kind of returns we've had over time, you do take risk. And you're going to have periods like we had with this unusual flight to quality that can move the needle pretty quickly. But I think what we've seen here in January and we saw it in past years is that the markets will normalize quickly and you can get much of that back. So the longer somebody is in a fund and experiences the ups and downs, the better we are. And I think that's the silver lining to Europe where you have a lot of new investors that came in, and the ones that now stick with the fund understand that it can go up and down that kind of level and it's really not a money fund equivalent. So I think that's the good news, if there is any.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well I think anytime you see the market rebound like it has and certainly global bonds settling down, that's going to help the kind of pressure that we were under. As I mentioned before, I mean, the leverage is -- the trends that we saw in the fourth quarter where we saw a pickup in hybrid sales and funds, like the U.S. Government Fund, had very significant net inflows. And I think that, that trend, along with municipal, should continue. So that's where I would expect to see the biggest move. And then obviously, the global bond side, the net outflow pressure should be a lot less.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes. I can't really add much to what I mentioned earlier. I mean, the markets are stronger things have stabilized and we expect a much better quarter. But it's a little bit early and I wouldn't want to lead anybody to some numbers one month in.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I mean, I think that's a good question, it probably just comes to the type of risks that people are taking. And just looking at the overall portfolio, I think most of the active side you're kind of seeing through the target date funds that are flowing through 401(k). But individuals, and I've said this in past calls, probably had an overweighting to U.S. equities and continue to bring that number down, and that's put a lot of pressure on active. It's not certainly the movement towards passive, which is a small percentage, but not the conclusions that people have when they see the big flows in the passive and inactive. I think it's a more rebalancing of their own and that includes alternatives, commodities, other type of strategies in their overall portfolio. So I think it's going -- it's still -- its headwind for the industry, but we're going to continue to pound that message into our -- on the distribution side because, again, we think, risk/reward, it's a better place to be than fixed income at this point.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I hope so, but it's taken longer than I thought it would. So, again, I think the you can see some real movement on the equity income side, and I know there is a lot of advisors now that are looking at that and even looking at -- as a substitute for some short-term cash, that it may be a better place to park money than even holding it in a money fund they have or certainly in -- on bond funds.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes. I think the 1-year number is about average because the growth fund is 55% out, foreign funds 51 percentile, so they have had exposure to financials in the Eurozone, and that's been a little bit of a lag, but maybe a little bit of a help more recently. So it -- that could move on, really, on a daily basis into the top 2 quartiles.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes, I don't have those numbers in front of me. I did see fairly significant exchange activity into our government fund, which would -- I think would be a normal place for that to go. But I don't know how much we're capturing off hand.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Alternatives. Yes, I think, probably more on the institutional side, but you could argue that some of these funds are a little bit more alternative because they do have the commodities in them and futures in them and a different type of exposure than our traditional loan-only, and as well as currency forwards and things like that.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think it's all of the above. I mean it is -- in Europe, there are little bit -- it's a heightened concern, I think, over what was going on at the time. There were rumors around the fund at that time. I mean, I could contribute. And I think some gatekeepers may have been worried that they had too much concentration in there in certain cases. So all of that adds up to a slowdown. How quickly it can come back? I think that's the question that we're all -- we're hopeful that the January rebound will accelerate that. But clearly, it's moving in the right direction in the U.S. It's going to be a little slower with the cross-border sales.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes, I don't really have any trends to call out other than obviously, Italy, which majority of that was global bonds. So you wouldn't have -- you'd obviously see a big drop from where it was as far as flows. I think it is important to point to the other big driver in cross-border, which is the Asian growth fund, which had a tough quarter last quarter but had good relative performance. And as we would expect in that fund, it's a much quicker rebound in sales and that's consistent with those markets coming back. So we have seen a pickup there. And so, any of the markets that were selling more equities, more Asian growth, more U.S. opportunities, they have rebounded a lot faster than the ones that were concentrated more on the global bond. And really Italy, is probably the only one market that had the significant concentration on the Global Bond Fund.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Okay, well, thank you, everyone, for participating on the call. And we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes, Robert, those are good questions. I think there is capacity in the low cost jurisdictions. We have this campus in Hyderabad, there's capacity there to add more people. We're constantly looking for ways to increase our efficiencies using that. But having said that, it's a hard fight to make a -- to really move the needle on the margins. When you do that, it's more of a long-term effort. So obviously, the big swings in the margin comes from the revenue. But I do think there is room for us to become even more efficient.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Right. I think you're right on, on both points. If you do look back to the first quarter of last year versus the second quarter of last year, you could see a -- in percentage terms, you could see an increase, I think, it was about 7% at our 8%. And we have grown the employee base a little bit, so I do think it's reasonable to expect something a little bit higher than that in the next couple of quarters. And of course, on the variable side, if things pick up, you could expect some pressure there as well. The other thing I'd mention also if -- depending on your assumptions for sales is, don't forget about the sales distribution and marketing expense line as well, which typically grows a little bit faster than its revenue counterpart.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: I think that there's a lot of things that go into that line item. Certainly, one of the bigger ones is advertising, and for us seasonally, the first quarter of our fiscal year is pretty low on the advertising front. So in the normal circumstances, I would expect that to go up, but we have been pretty cautious about expense management in this first quarter. I've asked everybody to try to keep underneath even their budgeted levels and they're doing a fantastic job at that. So with that as background, I'm not sure that we would see the normal pickup in advertising in the next quarter. But certainly, there'll be some pressure in the advertising lines that might drive that expense category up.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes, it's -- we do get this question quite often. And the answer is there is really -- we don't kind of limit the universe. And small deals, certainly we've done small deals in targeted areas to bolster our local asset management capabilities. On balance, I'd say that probably appeals to more than a megadeal, but we certainly wouldn't rule out a big acquisition if we thought that there is substantial synergies to be had by doing that.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes. Because we have limited historical data, it's a little tough to say. But certainly, I feel comfortable saying it's going to be higher than it has been in the last 4 quarters whether it'd be as high as it is now, I can't really say at this point.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Yes. It's going to have very little impact because essentially we have a been running that book down. It's becoming a less significant part of the business over -- since 2008. So I wouldn't say no impact, but it wouldn't be significant.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: No, not really. It was treated as a standalone business. It was certainly part of the banking segment, but it was treated as a standalone business. And the decision to wind it down was just a cost benefit for that business. It doesn't really impact the bank holding company status.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: Well, it's really the reason we're a bank holding company is for the high net worth business -- custody business and lending in that area.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: I'll try to give you a little help with that. So thinking about in the presentation that sharpest of the different components, I mean, I think there is probably 2 ways you could look at this, if you're trying to model it. There is kind of a back-of-the-envelope way, which says, "Okay, look at the investments in cash that the company has legal ownership to", and in our slide we show that, that generated $55.6 million. And then you could say, "Look at the things that we don't have ownership to", and in our slide, net of the noncontrolling interest, it's really almost nothing. So the majority of the net-net, bottom-line impact was for things that we owned and then we've kind of broken it out in the different categories. The trading investments category, it was the bit that's unrealized. The available-for-sale, most of that would be realized. So that's kind of the back-of-the-envelope way. Then, another way you could look at it is looking at the underlying securities and we've put a disclosure, I think, it's on Page 42 of the Q, that lists about $1 billion of trading securities by investment objectives and those are the ones they get to mark-to-market. In addition to that, we note there is about $800 million of noncurrent investments that get driven by the market, and we show what categories those are in, and that drives the equity method investment bar on Slide 17. In addition to that, we have $1 billion of VIEs and most of the variable interest entities are collateralized loan obligation. So what you're seeing in the P&L there is the changes in the net asset liability position of those products. I hope that's helpful.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: I think we're probably going to consistently stay with that target for now. And keep in mind that all of those create shareholder returns in terms of dividends and share buybacks come from the U.S. cash, so it's not the entire balance sheet. So I think we're going to continue with the targets that we've set in the past.
Kenneth Allan Lewis: So to the end -- okay, so back to Slide 17, I think we've even color-coded it, kind of the areas above the purple, which is $7 million, most of that is offset by noncontrolling interest. Not the entire category just the things that we consolidate.
