Jennifer Johnson: So I think it's -- there's a little bit of noise in the alts numbers. If you just look in calendar year 2022 and 2023, we talked last time about how we raised $40 billion in the private markets. But the reality in our alternatives business, we raised $55 billion, and 80% of it was private markets. But the net change in AUM, you saw $40 billion added to the private markets AUM net, net of realizations, distributions, market, everything. But $16 billion negative in the liquid alts portfolio, which represents about 6% of our alts portfolio now. So that's where you're shifting from much -- the good news is it's the higher fee private markets that have had -- that had solid inflows in that window, but it was a little bit masked by the lower fee liquid alts. Now fast forward to this -- I'll go this fiscal year. So the first 2 quarters, first of all, we said that we would be raising between $10 billion and $15 billion. That's our goal for the year. We're on track for that. We've raised about $7.3 billion in the private markets and another just under $2 billion in the liquid alts.  But if you net out distributions, realizations, FX and market, and to be honest, market -- the only negative market was real estate with Clarion and the others were all positive. We'd say it nets to flat. So again, kind of a gross number there. But if you take away the distributions, realizations and FX, FX was actually pretty significant. Matt could probably give you more details on this, but we netted flat so far in the -- in this fiscal year. 
Jennifer Johnson: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. So interestingly, let's face it. As long as people believe rates have peaked and potentially will come down, they're going to go longer duration, right? So the only thing is you're now starting to hear the noise for the first time where actually people think rates may be longer -- higher for longer and somebody was even talking about a potential rate increases. So that could slow things. But let me give you what we're seeing.  So we obviously had positive flows, but just looking at the pipeline, and the pipeline doesn't include any Great-West Life. If you add -- well, about 70-plus percent of the growth in the pipeline, is fixed income, and that crosses Western, Franklin and Brandywine. If you actually add BSP because I always think private credit really should be thought of in the fixed income because the decisions around that are often how you're thinking about your fixed income portfolio. The growth in the pipeline, 97% of it comes from fixed income.  So 6 of our top 10 gross selling funds in the last -- this past quarter were in fixed income, corporate bond, core bond, multi-sector, munis, highly customized [indiscernible]. So definitely demand in the last quarter. But if you actually look at the pipeline going forward, the institutional pipeline, you see very strong demand for fixed income. 
Jennifer Johnson: Yes. So I mean we're in the market with a few different things. And as Adam mentioned, we are getting on calendars. This stuff is laid out, we've probably surprised early on to learn this. I mean sometimes up to 2 years in advance. So the areas that we're talking -- Lexington obviously, has capabilities beyond their traditional Fund 10, where they've got middle market and co-invest offerings. In the case of real estate, Clarion's top 3 biggest funds are all perpetual. So they're always fundraising, although we definitely see kind of muted demand for real estate. They've got terrific performance. They've got terrific performance.  And so I think when things shift back, Clarion should do very well there because they have very little exposure to office.  In the case of the private credit real estate debt is really interesting, and we're talking to several clients about that. Obviously, CLOs, structured credit, special situations. And then actually, we've been successful. I never know how much I can talk about, but in our -- in Venture, our Franklin Venture Group is in the wealth channel right now raising money and first fund raise there, and it's going very well.  So you just had 2 between BSP and Lexington closed their flagship funds. So then you're in -- that they're digesting and investing in those cycles. They're doing more of their niche type strategies, but they're in markets with those. And they'll -- as soon as those are deployed, I think Lexington's probably deployed 60% of their LEX 10, they'll come back into the market for another flagship. But in the meantime, they've got their middle market and co-invest.  And I cannot emphasize enough the -- in the wealth channel, it's 50% the right product and 50% where you got the heft on the distribution side. And I think that is often underestimated. Our 350-plus client-facing wholesalers, internal, external specialists included can sell to an adviser's entire book. If you don't have the breadth of capability that we have, that's incredibly expensive because let's say you're just an alternatives manager, you're only selling to 5% to 10% of that adviser's book. And so it gets really expensive to build the breadth of capability that we have. And the years of investment that we've done in the Academy, again, our Academy is global, where we've now been able to bring alternatives by FT, which is a website that has tons of training on how advisers should think about alternatives in their portfolios to supplement just that wholesaler being out there in the field, I think, has been really important.  So very much focused on the wealth channel, really excited about it. I think we have a great suite of products to be able to meet the needs in that market and the distribution capability and expertise to be successful there. 
Jennifer Johnson: And I'll just add, look, we've been very open and honest that we've been underrepresented in the retirement channel. As I mentioned on the last quarter's call, we were ranked 14th on Empower's platform, and it's similar in some of the others. And with this acquisition of Putnam and the relationship and the absorption of their retirement team as well as their target date products, 1/3 of retirement flows go to the qual side investment plans, and they've got phenomenal performance of their target date products as well as stable value, we think we are poised to -- and again, if we just take our market share, it's a massive increase -- the retirement channel is still a very traditional asset-oriented channel, traditional mutual funds, equities and fixed income.  And we just think with our distribution capability, not just to benefit from Empower, but taking that to all the different retirement platforms and gain more market share there. 
Jennifer Johnson: Great. Well, everybody, thank you for participating in today's call. And once again, we would like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication delivering this quarter. And we look forward to speaking to all of you again next quarter, and everybody stay healthy. 
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Craig, just for perspective, I'd say, for the last quarter that we're just reporting on, realizations and distributions was $2.6 billion, for example, and we had negative FX of another $1 billion. But we do -- we get these questions, and I think we're going to try and improve our disclosure on this to try and help the question around this. Now we've got the bulk of our alternative assets together. Remembering in previous quarters, we've always said, when we were much smaller, we've always said, look, realizations and distributions just not -- they're just not significant enough to report and break down the explanation of AUM, but they're now getting to the point where we're going to start providing that level of detail. But just for information, the last quarter, again, the one we're reporting almost $2.6 billion of realizations and distributions and $1 billion negative FX. 
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. And they're also -- last thing I'd say on that is they're also positioned differently in terms of their view on where rates are going. So that means where we've had some performance weaknesses. It's being offset not always fully but being partially offset by strength in other parts of the franchise. 
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Thank you, Dan. Yes. So a couple of things on expenses around the second quarter, I'll get to the comp and benefits in a second. I'd just like to say that notwithstanding the higher resets around compensation calendar resets around compensation that I'll talk about in a minute and meaningfully higher markets. If you exclude Putnam, which was the main addition we had in the quarter, our expenses would have been flat. So notwithstanding higher performance fees than we expected, higher calendar resets than we expected and higher markets than we expected. Our expenses for the quarter would have been flat when you exclude Putnam. So hopefully, that demonstrates some discipline there. In terms of your specific question around comp and benefits for the second quarter. The difference is, I said it's around almost half of it is the performance fee, a little bit less than half is performance fee increase relative to where we thought it would be. And then there's these high -- I would say, we were expecting Canada resets their composition, but they're just higher than we thought they'd be. So things like the 401(k), mutual fund units in compensation -- deferred compensation plans, vacation accruals. They were all -- when you add all those things up, plus the performance fee delta, it adds up to about $30 million. So when you add the $30 million to, I think I guided [ $815 million ] on the call, that gets you to pretty much where the [ $844 million ] is where we ended up -- where we ended up. So that explains that part of your question.  In terms of the annual guide, last quarter, we guided to $4.6 billion, and that's excluding performance fees, but including the double rent that we've talked about around our New York City consolidation exercise. And I would increase that just slightly to probably $4.6 billion -- $4 billion to $4.65 billion, a very narrow range. So less than 1% higher, and that's really driven by the higher markets that we've experienced. If markets come back down again. as we've been experiencing very recently in the first part of this quarter, it wouldn't surprise me if our annual guide remains flat. But right now, [indiscernible] remaining equal, we expect it to be just slightly higher for the annual guide. 
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Thank you for the question. So the EFR for the quarter dropped to 38.5. And I believe that's exactly how we guided for the quarter. And we're able to do that because we had a pretty good feel for the mix that we're coming in, in terms of flows. And I think I also pointed out that we were 1 basis point higher than usual, let's call it, or the effective fee rate for the last quarter was inflated by 1 basis point based on Lexington catch-up fees.  Going forward, on an annual basis, I would say that our EFR should remain in the 38s probably in the mid-38s, it will be slightly higher than that, driven by episodic alternative asset fees, as we've experienced over the last 12 months and highlighted those clearly, I think, in our results.   And it can -- and the other thing that will help it be higher is a larger percentage of alternative assets and a higher percentage of equities. With the public markets going up as much as they did in the first quarter, obviously, as a percentage overall, our alternative assets came down a bit, so that brought the EFR pressure down slightly.  And then we had quite a few successes as Jenny mentioned in her remarks, in ETFs, Canvas, separately managed accounts. And all these things are lower fee rate businesses. It's less about fee erosion per se. I'd say, it's just more about the business mix. So for the next quarter specifically, we expect EFR to probably be even in the high 37, so let's say, high 37 to 38, but this is because of the success that we didn't anticipate as much success with Putnam because the overall Putnam business is a lower effective fee rate.  They're kind of in the mid-35s.  Faster inflows from Great-West Life at the lower end as we communicated, hopefully, clearly enough that those -- the $25 billion of AUM that we expect to come in from Great-West Life, that will ultimately, when we get it all in, that will be in the mid-teens. But the initial amount that we've got are all in the lower fee categories, things like investment-grade credit, for example, for general account. But then on top of that, we expect continued growth in our ETF, Canvas and separately managed accounts, all of which are lower fee rates.   Now the reason why we keep the guide for the year in the 38s is because we have a view, again, as Jenny mentioned, of our alternative asset fundraising capabilities and expectations for the next 12 months, let's call it. So on an annual basis, we expect the mix of business around alternative assets, equities, fixed income and then these other areas of growth that I just mentioned, to offset the fee reductions that at times in various quarters could go into the high 37s, but that's just based for that 1 quarter -- on the mix that 1 quarter. But for the year, we expect to remain fairly stable in the 38 area. 
Matthew Nicholls: It's in the mid- to high 20s, Alex, and then -- but it can be -- it's gone from anything from the mid- to high 20s to our overall effective fee rate. depending on the quarter and depending on the type of the -- the nature of the pipeline in a particular time. And then the -- to answer your second question, yes, the additional flows we expect to come in will be higher on average on the rest of the Great-West Life flow. And that's expected over the next 12 months. As we've said, we'll, of course, put that detail into our monthly flow. So you can see that, and then we'll provide detail on the effective fee rate when we have these calls and provide updated information. 
Matthew Nicholls: And then the last thing I'd just add, Bill, is that this area you're trying to get to, which we actually have a little bit -- it's not really 18, but we think of it as I think it's more like 10 that we got to. But when you get to those numbers, it's very concentrated in areas where performance is even more important than usual, let's call it. And in those areas, performance has begun to improve, certainly on the equity side, in particular, quite significantly. So we've seen quite a slowdown in those outflows.  On the fixed income side in the couple areas, we've had some weaknesses there, as you know, but we've seen some improvement there, too. So it's a fairly concentrated situation you're referring to and one that as performance improves, you see a correlation of slowdown in outflows. 
Matthew Nicholls: Well, remember, the annual guide I gave included the first quarter or so where we had an elevated EFR for the reason that I explained around the catch-up fees and so on. I think we were pretty close to 40 basis points at one point. We've been trying to be quite clear about that. So when you normalize that out, you get into the 38.  And then the only thing that's driving it down periodically from quarter-to-quarter is the areas of growth. And when you add those areas of growth up and you just a second ago, Bill, when you went through your analysis on the traditional side of the business versus other areas of growth. When you start adding up ETFs, Canvas, SMAs and then the flows from Putnam, the overall Putnam -- remembering that it's not just the flows coming from Great-West Life from Putnam, it's the $160 billion, which is 17% higher than when we announced transaction of AUM that's at a multiple basis -- multiple point lower than the EFR of Franklin. So the fact that we've been more successful in that has -- that's what's driven the EFR down a little bit. But what we'd expect is that going into at least fiscal 2025, what we experienced at the beginning of fiscal 2024, depending on what products we have and everything that Jenny just read through or not, there's a possibility that it could step back up again into the higher 38 based on the episodic alternative asset fees. But that's just an exclamation around why it could go up a little bit more and down a little bit more than usual. It's those offsetting factors. It's basically a form of business mix plus the episodic activity out of alternatives. Bill, I'll also answer because I think you had the question on a little bit more of a breakdown of our third quarter. I've already gone into some detail on EFR. In terms of comp and benefits for the third quarter, we expect that to be around $820 million. That assumes performance fees of $40 million. That's lower than the previous quarters, driven by lower performance fees out of our real estate business for the reason that Jenny mentioned, it's important to note that the relative performance of Clarion is very strong, but the absolute valuation of real estate has come down, that's impacted the extent of performance fees. That's why we're guiding that down to $40 million from $50 million.  IS&T, we expect it to remain at $150 million, occupancy, $80 million. As you all know, that's going to come down later on in fiscal 2025 based on the double rent going away. But for next quarter, we expect that to remain at $80 million. And then G&A, we expect to be probably around $175 million. It could be as high as $180 million because we're planning on spending more in advertising, but it won't go -- it shouldn't go a bit beyond that. So let's say, $175 million to $180 million in G&A.  And I already provided the annual guidance earlier on based on Dan Fannon's question. 
Adam Spector: And Craig, the only thing I would add is that the other thing we've been able to do really is to work more closely with our distribution partners on the wealth management side over the last few quarters and we're able to secure calendar spots further into the future than we ever thought was possible. And I think that speaks well to our future fundraising as well. 
Adam Spector: And I would say that it's also pretty broad-based. If you take a look at that funding pipeline, it's really across all 4 of the fixed income firms we have, which all have very significant pipelines right now. And if you take a look at the products we're offering, we're positive in core in high yield and munis was our best-selling segment. So really broad-based fixed income appeal, not just one product. 
Adam Spector: And on the institutional business that you asked about is strong, we're also positive in ETF and SMAs, muni ladders, to lots of different fixed income vehicles doing well for us. 
Adam Spector: Yes. I think it depends on the client, right? You mentioned more fully funded pension plans, right? If we get a wave of more immunization going on, we're going to see that drive fixed income flows. At the same time, really in every channel around the world. What do we see is a move towards alternative. That money is coming out of all of the other traditional buckets. So I think both of those are kind of competing with each other and pushing fixed income allocations in the opposite direction. 
Adam Spector: You might not like the answer, but the answer is yes. I think we're seeing all of those things, right? So often, people will switch managers because of performance. We see people beginning to extend duration out. Those are usually funded by cash. We should see some of the plus sectors being added to those are funded in a mix of different ways. And then, of course, on the retail side, it's typically a sale of a fund, so you really don't know where that's coming from.  In terms of how folks fund things I would say that's a mix. We see 3 different ways. We see it being funded in cash. We see people using a transition manager and then sometimes we'll see folks fund to us with securities and ask us to get to the new point by a certain time. The other interesting thing we see in terms of how accounts are funded is actually outside of fixed income on the Canvas side, where we see significant use cases for Canvas as a tool to aid in the funding of accounts for taxable accounts we're able to do that in a much more tax-efficient way. 
Adam Spector: Yes. Our ETFs outside of the U.S. have grown in 2 important ways. One, I don't think this was the point of your question, but our single country ETFs, so ETFs that focus on the country, even if they're sold in the U.S. That's been a huge success for us. We were able to price those very competitively. But also in terms of ETFs that we're selling outside of the U.S. regardless of investment mandate, we've seen real growth there in Canada and in EMEA, in particular. Some of that is the single country flow. As Jenny mentioned in his remarks, we've seen some of the more sustainably oriented products go quite well. Green bonds, Paris-aligned, S&P 500 would be 2 that are examples of that.  Outside of the U.S., we continue to see a mix of active, passive and smart beta. Passive is still the most significant portion of the market, but active has by far the highest growth rate.  And just to put things into context, I believe that if you look at our flow for this quarter, about half of it or so was from outside of the U.S. in terms of our ETF business. So really trying to expand that to the best we can and seeing very good results. 
Adam Spector: So I'm not Matt Nicholls, I can't do the math that quickly. He probably could. So I couldn't quite follow all of that. But I will tell you that the growth areas where some of the things you wanted to pull out alternatives, ETFs, Canvas. I think we said consistently that those are our growth focuses and that they're growing a little faster than the rest of the business. If you take a look at the more traditional business and you look at our outflow rate our decay rate, it's really been stable to improving. So I think over the last few years, we've been able to do a very good job at protecting ourselves on the downside. And as we said earlier, I think Jenny pointed to a notion that we talk about in terms of core sales, which is our smaller sales, which are up pretty consistently at about 14% on average. So stable outflows, increasing quarter sales we're feeling pretty good about the traditional part of the business. 
Adam Spector: And Bill, I would add that it's sometimes difficult to separate investment product from the vehicle itself. We have a number of businesses where an investment team is positive, but they're positive because their SMA, their usage, their ETFs are all positive, and the mutual fund might be negative. So is that the core business, they're not, right? At the traditional asset class, they're gaining flow, but they're gaining it because of the vehicle choice, not necessarily because the mutual fund is positive. 
