Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, hello and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining Ken Lewis, our CFO and me for this call today. The good news is that our results were pretty straightforward for this quarter. So hopefully, the commentary we made available earlier this morning provided much of what you're looking for. To quickly recap, although we experienced another quarter of net outflows, we did see encouraging signs with redemptions continuing to slow and improving investment performance, particularly Franklin Income Fund that as of July ranks in the top quartile against peers for the trailing one-year period. Financial results and capital management were solid as operating income increased 11% and the trailing 12 months payout was $2 billion. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I think the – a couple of things. I mean the global bond which is a bigger driver of flows outside of the U.S., we did see an improvement, significant improvement in redemptions and that led to the major improvement in net flows. I think the last quarter; we did have some lumpier redemptions in that number versus this quarter. And I would – I still think, that's the one area that continues to be under pressure where we are seeing improvements in a lot of other areas in terms of flows. But the global bond, that's the one that continues to be under pressure. And I think if you look at the other area that I would call out just in terms of flows because I think it's a little bit confusing as the global equity net flows that increased and redemptions increased there and I want to point to – there were three lumpy one-time institutional redemptions within that, that totaled $3.5 billion out of global equity. So otherwise, on the retail side, it's an improving trend there as well.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean I wouldn't, I think we have moderate expectations within the next year as far as flows going into that. I think we have made a major commitment to that segment as far as resources and exposure and marketing dollars to get the message and brand out there. But it will take a little bit of time. And right now they've been up and running, doing well, performing well, and it's a matter of just getting on platforms. Now, we can do that probably faster than a lot of firms because of the relationships. So hopefully, that we – we have built and with our broker dealers and advisors out there and hopefully get some demand putting them on. But, again, it's a start for us in a new segment and it'll take a bit of time as these records get out there. And I hope it won't take three years, but we are getting a lot of calls and a lot of interest on them and I think in the meantime we'll also look at expanding the lineup beyond just smart beta.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I don't think there's been any effect on our flows. I think the July performance has been very strong and worth mentioning as the market is kind of settled back and even global bond had a very strong July. So hopefully that'll help sales, but we didn't – I don't think there was much of a disruption anywhere and munis continue to be very strong for us.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: And I would just add, I think my sense is in meetings in Washington that you are getting momentum on both sides for tax reform. It's clearly – Paul Ryan and something that he feels very strongly about. So obviously, we're in an election cycle right now. When we get past that, we'll have a lot more clarity on seeing how the House and Senate and the Presidency looks, but we are still hopeful that that's something that's coming, but I think in the meantime as we've said before, the M&A probability, and certainly with some of the currency shifts in Europe and the sterling, make M&A activity that much more attractive to something that we have had on our wish-list. So, I would say again, as I said in prior calls that that's the most probable area for us.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think that, obviously, it has been the area of greatest focus with our distributors. Certainly, since the announcement, I would say trying to make sense of the 1,100 pages. It's a little bit like a Rubik's cube where we're making progress and then turn it over and realize we got two other problems. So, I think we are getting some clarity around where it's heading. We've talked about a standard class of shares, that's something that within the best interest contract can work. I think we're seeing some broker dealers committed to doing the brokerage side and others saying it's not something they're going to do. I think the initial reaction that you're going to have a ton of money moving into the advisory side. I think once we really look at what that means, there's other implications of the rule that may mean monies that are held – that paid a frontend sales charge should stay where they are and not move to advisory because that would actually increase cost. But I think we are making a lot more sense of the rule. I think the net results are also that there'll be less funds on platforms. We're seeing that, again more of that consultant gatekeeper approach and narrowing the funds that any broker dealer follows, so I think that puts pressure on smaller funds out there to get distribution and ultimately less advisors. I think you'll see more retirements as this transition will be too much. And then, just issues, simple things that sound, again, I mean having a robo-advisor for a small account, but can you have your own ETFs within that robo-advice under the rule. I mean these are the kind of problems that I think are coming up, and obviously, the ERISA lawyers are trying to clarify that and we're working with many in the meantime. But I think the net effect for us is to have some kind of standardized pricing. We, obviously, we don't want to have 100 different pricing structures out there and are trying to come to some new standard that works for most of our, most broker dealers and advisors and that's really where we are.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean I think we're always careful about to talk about flows beyond the quarter. I think the big one for us that as I stated before, that it tends to snap back the fastest is the Franklin Income Fund, which you look at that category just two quarters ago, we had a hybrid $5.6 billion in net redemptions, in the last quarter $2.2 billion. So, I think that that trend we hope will continue as people – even in the last quarter, the three-year number or the five-year number actually improved back to the second quartile, and hopefully in another – the end of this month hopefully will be back in the second quartile for the one year. And as we stated earlier, we're at the 8th percentile for year-to-date. So, that's a pretty big recovery there. And I think that that's where you'll see the improvement in flows. I think we have some good stories as well on the equity side with one of our largest funds, the Franklin Rising Dividends Fund is $17 billion, $18 billion-fund doing extremely well right now and getting a lot of attention for its performance, which is first quartile for the one year, second quartile for three and five. Franklin Growth also very strong. So, I think those are areas where we could see a turnaround in flows. And I think as long as the market's stable, the other trends should continue as well.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah, I think the main driver when I talked about a platform change was one of our large broker dealers that we work with building an in-house sub-advise platform and was moving some assets, and it was $1.1 billion out of our Mutual Discovery Fund. So, that's a one-off event that's not performance related that drove that. We did have – I think the other one on the – just in general. I've talked about the variable annuity business and how that's undergoing change, and certainly with the DOL, we'll have more changes. But we have seen some groups get out of that business. So, they're really in a wind down. So it kind of changes what they're looking for on their platform. And we, with our solutions group, we're doing our best to transition those assets. But they're the ones that still you have a pipeline of redemptions over the next, say, two years as those groups are transitioning out of that business. So, I would guesstimate that you probably have $5 billion plus in assets over the next two years that will transition. And hopefully, we can capture some of that but it will go out of the traditional funds into a lower fee type solution to meet whatever liability they have. So, those would be the big changes that have driven the lumpier redemptions. And I think we'll continue to create some headwinds in the next two years on the VA side.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I don't have the exact number. I know we have about $100 billion in retirement assets in the traditional brokerage side. I don't know what the number is. Maybe – somebody's putting some numbers in front of me now, so I hope they're right. But, about $40 billion in advisor class, to be more of the wrap side, so about 2:1 in the traditional A share to advisor class
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think, again, as we've stated in our prior calls, continuing to look at alternatives, continuing to look at solutions where we can add value outside of just market traditional beta as we again, stated before, to come into the market and offer passive today doesn't make a whole lot of sense for us as we've seen the race to the bottom and fees that continue and to drive down close to 2 basis points. So, that doesn't seem like an attractive alternative. I think we also believe that active, that there are forces at work over the last 5, 10 years that have contributed to the passive strategies and once active outperforms. And that tends to be in more of a rising rate environment historically. I think that conventional wisdom could shift pretty quickly. And that's something we firmly believe. But in the meantime, we have built out our solutions. We're looking at our multi-asset capabilities; we're getting a lot of interest in that. And that's just another area how we can add value to investors by combining different asset classes over time. So that's going to be an important growth area, and whether it's real estate alternatives, long, short, hedge funds, those are all private equity things that we plan on continuing to expand outside of your traditional U.S. large cap stocks.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, we have – we do, if we know something is being redeemed, we try to call it out and I've done that on past calls. We do have a large institutional low fee account that was redeemed; I think this month about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion in the global equity area. I don't have anything to call out, I think the institutional pipeline again, we feel like it looks good, as far as the opportunities that have identified and RFPs that we're responding to. And I know one area that would be a new growth area for us but one that we've had excellent numbers, it would be on the Franklin Global Growth side, and we are – hopefully we'll see some nice wins there over the next year.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I think the – as I stated before, I mean, I think any industry that is maturing and gets larger, you hit a point where consolidation makes sense. I mean, I'm not sure we're there yet, but certainly you have some outside forces at work that we haven't seen before. So I think that will contribute. I think the other point that I've stated when asked about this is that it's not the easiest industry to do large mergers and consolidations with funds are – you have separate contracts and boards, and it's very time consuming and difficult to do a merger. So I think for us, we again are open to anything that we think enhances the line-up and creates shareholder value over time. And we try to build as many relationships across our industry to be able to act on things that make sense, and that's where we are today. And I wouldn't state one way or another. I think we're always out looking on behalf of shareholders and trying to create value and if that's a merger, if that's an acquisition, we're open to any and all.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think we're positioned well because the first driver is going to be assets. You have that – around their books with their clients, so you're not going to eliminate those. And the other performance and risk-adjusted returns and relationship, the size of the company, I think those are all factors. I think each firm will have their own. Clearly, we will not have every one of our funds on those lists. And it may mean more consolidation of funds within our lineup as we rationalize. And that's been – an emphasis of our firm is to streamline the lineup and a number of products that we're servicing. And I think in this environment, that's going to probably accelerate their process of closing some smaller funds that wouldn't get the shelf space.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: No. I think that if you look at the fees across those different categories, they're actually fairly aligned; probably the hybrid one's a little bit lower, obviously, than international equity. But I don't think it would have a meaningful shift in your effective fee rate at all.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I think the K2 is working well as planned in bringing liquid alts to the retail channel. In the last year, we expanded the lineup and added a Long Short Credit Fund and a Global Macro Fund, and we think those could be nice complements again to diversifying a portfolio. Outside of that, we have a lot of areas whether its real estate and private equity and it's really trying to build more scale within those. So I think we are looking at considering acquisitions on that side, and continuing to build out our capabilities and just think it's a natural extension of what we do. But I think we are open, I think as I've stated in the past, it is difficult just to go out and buy a hedge fund or buy companies that have done well in the alternatives space because they are so driven by the specific person. But, we are looking actively in that area and whether, again, its real estate, private equity or traditional hedge funds. Those are all on the table.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I think it's – the institutional market, especially, I think they are less sensitive and because this fund – to just – to benchmark it against global bonds, I think is not – really is more of a Global Macro type fund. And it doesn't fit really well into any one given category. I think the standpoint of diversifying from local currency and local sovereign debt. There is still a big appetite for that. I don't think that's changed. And I think also when people – sophisticated investors look at the portfolio and look how it's positioned, it is very different and does offer something very different and that it will be one of the few games in town if rates actually do go up at some point. And I think the risk, certainly, from the perspective of an individual country's currency depreciating in some cases is still very much there. So we are getting institutional interest, and that really hasn't changed. So, hopefully we'll get some significant wins in there.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think that's already been happening, and it's been really an effort probably the last three or five years for us transitioning your traditional retail sales force into a more institutional quality level especially at that gatekeeper level the people calling on the home office. Those are really more of your traditional consultants with that kind of background there to talk about metrics that are very different from how we viewed funds, I think, in the traditional way. So, that's already happening. I think as far as even our sales force, and we've made changes there over the last year focusing specifically more on having a targeted group for the advisory side that's a little bit different again than your traditional. So, we've been evolving as the market has been changing and we will continue to do that. And hopefully, at some level, you'll get some efficiencies out of that as we get better at providing useful information on a real-time basis through digital side, which has been a big emphasis in trying to reach more advisors in a more efficient way. And I think that again as the model changes, the use of technology and information getting to advisors can create a lot of efficiencies from the traditional way that we've done it. So, I think that's happening as well.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think the effect for us, and again, we've stated in the – we had more exposure to energy rolled up through probably four different entities. And we don't do any top-down risk management, each individual firm, we look at separately. And so, you had an overexposure to energy, had an overexposure to Europe. Those were trending nicely until Brexit, and even if you look at the trend in equities to quality away from more of your traditional momentum to strong balance sheet's rising dividends, quality earnings. Those were all trends that fit nicely into our – generally, into our philosophy with many of our equity funds. You did see an improvement in rotation happening, a rotation into value as well. And if you look at the quarter, I mean Brexit kind of hit right at the end of the quarter, so it was at the beginning, and maybe it would be a little bit of a different story. But what we had captured a lot of good relative performance during the quarter, which unfortunately in the last couple weeks when you had more a risk off environment, you lost some of that, which has been gained back in July. So I think it's really just looking at the flagship products for us. And also, munis, that's a strength area for us, and munis are very attractive in this environment, and should continue to be. So, I think that that's counter to what is happening on – and a result of a lot of the, I think, uncertainty in equity markets, money moving into munis right now. So, that's another factor as well.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean, that's a great question, but I do think fixed income always has a place in a diversified portfolio and does reduce risk. I think you are correct that where we sit in this cycle, I think many would argue that there's greater risk from rates going up. That's certainly the position within our Global Bond Fund. But at the end of the day, it's very hard to take a portfolio and just ignore fixed income. It – you'd put a lot more risk into that given portfolio if you go 100% equities. But at the end of the day, you look at something like munis. It still has an attractive yield relative to the Treasury market, certainly on an after-tax basis. And the general consensus right now, right or wrong, is that rates are not going up. So, I think there's a sense of security that even with these small yields, they're going to be fine for X number of years.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: No, it hasn't, and we really don't – we will not comment on about the surrounding circumstances with...
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean I think it's the – we don't want to feel like we have a timetable to do a big deal that you have to do something by X and I am a firm believer that once we get past this cycle that some form of a repatriation will come through, but that doesn't mean in the meantime that we're not looking at opportunities especially with some of the currency devaluations in Europe right now.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah, I think like anything in life the best ones are not for sale right now. And we're going to continue to build relationships and I think if both firms see the benefits, then you can have a successful merger-acquisition, and that's what we're hopeful for. But at the end of the day, it's not – we don't feel like that's necessary to be successful either. And I think that's an important point too.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, we've done it in the past and it's added a lot of value to this firm. I think we have experience, we recognize some of the pros and cons, and large scale deals just from a branding standpoint and product and disruption are difficult, and are making a big bet. But they're also the ones that are going to move the needle the most. So I think for us it's really looking at what areas we could strengthen our line-up, and there are certain firms that do that out there, but we also don't want to get to the point where we have so much brand and product that it becomes confusing to the marketplace too. So I think those are all issues that it's challenging to get two big firms to view what's right for the future, I think, in a consistent way. But, we're going to keep trying to do that.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think that we are looking and even with the DOL having some capability and whether that's built internally or we go out and rent the capability or buy the capability. Those are all things that we are exploring. And I think the traditional model of saying we'll go out and buy a robo-advisor for us. Again, unless you have a large scale ETF business, we're not sure that makes a whole lot of sense. But we do need some form of allocation for existing clients within. That would be helpful for smaller accounts within the fiduciary rule as well. So, it is something that we're looking at and seeing how those capabilities and looking out on the long horizon makes sense one way or another for us as well. And there's a lot of different ways we can do it. And, that's really the stage we're in right now, is meeting with as many of them and deciding whether to buy or build
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, thank you, everyone for participating on the call, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Sure, Bill. There's about $8 million of severance in this quarter. And then, looking forward, and it's dependent upon a onetime item that may or may not hit next quarter, but inclusive of that, we do expect to see increases next quarter in most of the line items. I think comp would be more or less flat, but the G&A will be up. So, we're expecting possibly a charge related to the wind up of the UK benefit plan, and that should be in the neighborhood of $25 million. It may hit next quarter; it may hit the quarter after that.
Kenneth A. Lewis: The last point is a key point in the discussion. There's been – it's a current topic in Washington. It's been a current topic. It continues to kind of move a step forward, then stop. Move a step forward, then stop. So, we're keeping an eye on that. And we think – well, the consensus that we hear is probably sometime in 2017, there might be something that involves corporate tax reform. And I would point out, it's a long time ago, but in 2005 when they had that, you can look to see what we did there. So, depending on – it all depends on what we think is the best long-term interest of the shareholders what we do, but in 2005 we did repatriate some money. And so, that's not an unreasonable thing to expect, but it depends on what the law is. The cash continues to grow, and we're just planning to continue our capital management strategy that we've been doing over the last few years and essentially our payout ratio is more than cash generated or net income. And that means we're using U.S. cash, but U.S. cash still a healthy number. So we don't expect any material change in our strategy.
Kenneth A. Lewis: I think as I alluded to in the prior question, I think next quarter, we should see a little uptick in probably all the lines. The most notable one would be G&A for that charge that I talked about. Comp, I think could be flat; it could be even be down a little bit next quarter. So, that's what we're looking for, for next quarter.
Kenneth A. Lewis: No. I mean, it's not relevant. I mean, we've known this was coming. We're unsure of the timing. So we've incorporated it into any guidance that we've given in the past. So, I think including – inclusive of that, we should be within the range that we've told you before on the change of expenses year-over-year.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Yeah. Surely opportunistic. Trying to take advantage of price dislocations as they occur, and it doesn't represent any change in strategy.
Kenneth A. Lewis: No, I think that's one time. There's a little bit left of it that we might get next quarter but essentially one time.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Sure. I think that – roughly, and that would even include some of our voluntary restrictions on it. We have about $2.5 billion U.S. cash, roughly about $800,000 of that I would call restricted of some sort. Sorry. Sorry, $2.5 billion and $800 million restricted.
Kenneth A. Lewis: I'm not sure I have that handy. Yeah, I don't have that handy. But, it's a tough thing to estimate. And so what we – we see development quarter-over-quarter that earnings are shifting one way or the other. We just kind of project that out. And so, we just sort of shift this quarter.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Yeah. I think we're talking about two different things. Overall, GAAP income, again, we could say 50/50 is not bad but on a taxable basis; it's a completely different ballgame there. Taxable income and book income are completely different.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Yeah. Maybe that's a better approach instead of kind of listing all the one-offs and trying to estimate what one-offs will be next year. I think we could just like take a higher view of it. So, as we've been talking on this call about all the changes in the industry and because of all that, we're continually examining all of our strategies. So if we look forward to next year, we're looking at – and I mentioned this in a previous call as well, we're looking at every facet of our business model to determine if we have the business models and service capabilities that we need for the future and that may include structural expense increases or decreases over the next few years. So, that's kind of a long way to answer your question that we are currently looking at our cost structure, but it's a little too early to kind of give definitive guidance because some of these initiatives are multi year. But I can tell you that based on what I know now if I look towards 2017, it looks like expenses will be flat to slightly down compared with the current year or the estimate of the current year expenses.
Kenneth A. Lewis: There's always other options and I guess I would respond to that as a pretty big hypothetical there with three or four possibilities. So, it's hard to predict what will happen. We just – maybe we have like an 18 month time view when we look at these things, and I think it's going to be status quo, we're not going to – we don't plan on changing anytime soon.
Kenneth A. Lewis: I think it's probably those two items and more. I mean we're pretty active every year and looking at properties and some of us come to us, some of us we're proactive on – and for the ones that we haven't done, it tends to be, they don't really meet our criteria. So quality, repeatable investment process, culture, price – yeah, price could be an issue and it has been in some cases. As Greg mentioned earlier, it's not the easiest industry to integrate. We think about that. And also, a lot of – we come across situations where there's ownership structural challenges as well. So, it kind of runs the gamut of why a deal doesn't go through. But those are some of the things that we found.
