Matthew Nicholls: Okay. Alex, I mean that should probably just give you the forward guide to put things into perspective, that will help get through the Putnam update also. So in terms of the effective fee rate, remember, last quarter, I mentioned we expect it to be around 39 basis points consistent with previous quarters. We actually ended up at 39.7 or a little bit higher. The reason for that is about 1 basis point or 0.9 basis points was to do with the Lexington catch up fees. So if you think about that for the second quarter, fiscal second quarter guide, we're expecting that to be consistent again excluding these episodic catch-up fee or any other episodic management fee events to about the high 38, so high 38 basis points, very consistent with the previous quarter and other quarters that we presented recently. So that's in terms of EFR. I'll give the annual EFR guide in the second, which includes Putnam. Of course, we closed Putnam on January 1. And so our first full quarter will actually be this guide I'm giving you now. I thought it would be useful to provide the guide for the fiscal second quarter, inclusive of Putnam, but I will call out the individual components. Putnam, you can see that we're being disciplined with our expenses around Franklin and being transparent about the difference between Franklin and expenses and Putnam additions. So I mentioned the EFR already being in the high 38s excluding any sort of one-off episodic revenue. In terms of compensation and benefits, assuming a $50 million performance fee quarter, including Putnam, we'd expect total comp and benefits to be approximately $815 million. This includes $65 million of comp and benefits for Putnam. Just for further perspective, we expect to be able to bring that down to about $50 million to $55 million by the end of the fiscal year. Again, this assumes $50 million of performance fees. Information Systems and Technology, we expect to be $155 million for the quarter, this includes $25 million for Putnam, and we expect to bring that $25 million down to between $15 million and $20 million by the time we reach the end of our fiscal year. Occupancy, we expect to be approximately $80 million. Recall in the last call, I mentioned that we're going to have a period of double rent based on our consolidation of New York City office space of $12 million. Last quarter, I mentioned $8 million, but that was only for a short quarter in terms of how long we're -- 2 months out of the 3 for the double rent. This time, we have for 3 months, which is $12 million for the double rent and $10 million for Putnam in this context. I wouldn't guide $10 million down yet because we're still working on real estate optimization. And for G&A, we expect the consolidated amount to be $175 million, which includes $35 million for Putnam. We expect this to come down to about $30 million by the time we reached the end of the fiscal year. In terms of what this means for annual guide, you'll recall that in the last guide we gave, I mentioned that our fiscal 2024 at the -- then levels of markets and revenue expectations was expected to be about flat to 2023. Excluding Putnam, and excluding performance fees and excluding the double rent in New York City, I would now guide that amount, which excludes Putnam to about 1% to 2% higher, but that's because we now anticipate all else from any of -- that revenue would be 5% higher for the year, including Putnam and excluding performance fees, but including the $50 million of double rent. We would currently expect total adjusted operating expenses for fiscal '24 to be about $4.55 billion to $4.6 billion. And for perspective, this assumes the Putnam expenses addition to this is about $375 million to $380 million. In terms of the EFR, back to your first question, for the year, inclusive of Putnam because Putnam has a slightly lower effective fee rate, it brings the overall amount down to -- down about 0.2 basis points. So it brings the number for the guide for the year to about the mid-38, mid- to slightly better than mid-38. This excludes any catch-up fees, episodic fees on performance fees, as I mentioned at the beginning. 
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. So just to break that down further, so I'll start the call with all these numbers. But just to break this down a little bit further. So in terms of revenue, obviously, we don't normally guide revenue, but we want to be useful in terms of modeling purposes for the second quarter, again, fiscal second quarter, Putnam revenues stand-alone would be about $160 million. Of that, $135 million is management fee revenue and $25 million is in the other revenue item, that's for the TA basically. We would have said between $85 million and $100 million of expenses in the first 9 months, so through our fiscal year, $85 million to $100 million. And by the time we reach the end of 9, 30th, at the end of our fiscal, yes, our expense savings for the full 2025 would be at least $150 million. This translates to get specifically to your question around operating income addition, Alex. This translates into probably between $150 million and $170 million of operating income contribution from the transaction. In terms of how we think this translates into. Obviously, there's a lot of moving parts below the line, but how this translates into accretion dilution, it's probably just very slightly accretive, maybe one centers about that. In the second fiscal quarter, so the first fiscal quarter that we'd have on Putnam it's accretive right away. And by the time we reach the full year, it's probably near high single digit cents accretion and that translates into about a 3% accretive situation for full year '24. Remembering that's only 9 months of Putnam that's where we expect things to be. Assuming revenue stays where it is today, and markets stay where they are today and so on. 
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Thanks, Bill. I'll take that. And then, Jenny, maybe you'd like to comment also. So as usual, Bill, we're focused on making sure that we maintain our dividend and the same trajectory that's been on since the 1980s. We are very focused on organic growth investments. There is a ton going on, as you all know, in the industry. And there's a lot of call on capital for internal growth and internal projects and investments. So they're our 2 most important things. Then we've got debt service coming up this year are $250 million. Obviously, if the market becomes more reasonably priced in terms of debt, perhaps we access the debt markets at the end of the year or stuff like that. But we want to position ourselves to be able to pay that debt down with our cash. We're absolutely going to hedge our employee grants as we always explain. And then what I'd say is that -- and this is sort of the interplay between M&A and share repurchases. We've been very active, obviously, as you know, in terms of M&A to make sure we've got the right strategies at both institutional and retail and so on as we've discussed extensively. And when that slows down, which it has done for us, we've got 1 or 2 more payments in the next 1 to 2 years in terms of M&A. But once that's done, we'll be in a position where the M&A we look at is even much more strategic involving shares like we've done with Putnam, Great-West Life, for example, or it's involving much smaller M&A transactions to fill in gaps, a few gaps that we've got. And that means we can be more opportunistic with our share repurchases. And as you've seen from the last couple of quarters, we certainly picked that up a little bit. But the backdrop is complicated, market's quite volatile and a lot going on globally that influences the market. So we're constantly assessing that backdrop. But I would say that we would hope what else remaining equal to move into more of a capital return position as we've demonstrated, both with dividend and share repurchase over the last couple of quarters in the future versus just being very much focused on M&A. 
Matthew Nicholls: And just a little bit more perspective on the $25 billion, Bill, just to be clear. But right now, for all intents purposes, for modeling purposes, we don't have any of that in. I mean we have a little bit, but it's not really nothing's really hit the revenue line yet. We expect, as Jenny mentioned, about 2/3 of this to be kind of investment grade and a little bit emerging market and other corporate credit across a broad range of our specialist investment managers. As you think about modeling, I think it's probably appropriate to think about the effective fee rate being in the mid-teens. I think Jenny mentioned that as a whole. This will likely to begin in earnest later on this quarter that we're in now. So kind of March time, maybe March, April, that sort of thing. And of course, we will update you when we have large inflows associated with this, we will provide that context and make sure we're transparent with you about when that comes in. But just to be clear, beyond the $25 billion, we expect to grow -- there's a lot of opportunities to grow beyond the $25 billion. And even with this, we're just alongside other asset managers that also have important relationships with the Power group of companies. So we're just alongside them. We're increasing market share, frankly, where it should be aligned with what we -- the capabilities regarding the size of our franchise. 
Matthew Nicholls: Yes, plus the $93 million that we had this -- in the first quarter. So it's $93 million, $50 million, $50 million, $50 million. 
Matthew Nicholls: So there's no more catch-up fees to book at this point. The fund had its last fundraising in the -- by 12/31 and that's when they sent the press release out that indicated that we have $22.7 billion of additional AUM. And that's all included in our reported numbers. 
Matthew Nicholls: That's right. Yes. And just to -- the reason why I went through the detail is because I want to be very clear that if you take Putnam out of the equation, our expenses are up like 1% or something like that year-over-year. And that's only because -- and again, we don't normally talk about revenue on -- from a guide perspective, it's almost impossible to guide, as you know. But that does assume 5% higher revenue. So just if you often people ask us about margin, the relationship between revenue and expenses and leverage and operating leverage in the system -- well you can see that if we expect revenue to go up 5%, we only expect our expenses to go up between 1% and 2% on a foundational level. And then in addition to that, we're adding Putman. But of course, we're in the process of reducing expenses around the Putnam acquisition. That's when you get to all these -- when you put all that together, you get to the $4.55 billion to $4.6 billion. Next year, we expect that to be a further reduction in expenses. I mentioned $375 million for 9 months of expenses for Putnam, we expect on a dollar-for-dollar basis for that to come down for 2025. I said to you that for the year, we expect to actually realize $85 million to $100 million of expenses, expense savings from the Putnam transaction. For a full year, that's $150 million at least in expense savings, and that's what translates into about $150 million to $170 million of operating income addition. 
Matthew Nicholls: That's exactly right. Yes. So on the last day, at the very least on the -- I think we could be a little bit better than this. But on the last day, [ 9, 30 ] when you times that number of savings by the year, it's $150 million at least. 
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Excluding reinvested dividends, it's slightly positive. No, obviously, we closed the transaction, as you know, Patrick, on January 1, I'd say, in the quarter before that and the period we're in now, it's kind of flattish, excluding reinvested dividends. So slightly positive. 
Matthew Nicholls: We had another question come in to clarify a point around guidance on performance fees. So just to be clear, the [ 815 ] guide that I gave around the fiscal second quarter guidance, includes an assumption of $50 million of performance fees. The annual guide of $4.55 billion to $4.6 billion is excluding performance fees. Just as you know, we always give our annual guide excluding performance fees. I just want to be clear on that. That's fully inclusive of Putnam. It includes the double rent, but it excludes performance fees. 
Jennifer Johnson: Thanks, Craig. So in the last 2 years, we have had about $40 billion in fundraising for our private markets. That was offset a bit by $12 billion in net outflows in the liquid alternatives. That just gives you a little bit of perspective there. We anticipate this year of fundraising between $10 billion and $15 billion in the private markets. And I would expect in this environment to have that translate into alternative asset revenue growth that's at the mid-single digits. So far, in Q1, you've probably seen that we raised $5 billion in the private markets and that between closing of Lexington's flagship fund and BSP. In the same period, we had about $1.1 billion in net outflows in the liquid alts. Just to kind of look forward for the rest of the year, we can't talk about specific funds. But the areas that we think there's strong interest is alternative credit, specifically like direct lending, we see interest both in the U.S. and Europe. There's opportunities in the alternative credit in special situations, opportunistic real estate debt as well as CLOs. And just on that real estate debt point, as you see less and less of the regional banks having retracted in that space, we think there's both an opportunity to do very well there and strong client interest in that space. With respect to secondary, just as a reminder, Lexington does a lot more than just their flagship offering. They have offerings in middle market and co-invest offerings. 2023 was the third consecutive year where secondary industry surpassed the $100 billion in the fund raise, and we think that, that -- there just continues to be strong demand. And just again, a supply demand issue that keeps feeds very high, where you had $6 trillion deployed in private equity and only, say, $150 billion deployed in secondaries and strong demand by the LPs and GPs because of liquidations being down and distributions being down to have a portion of their secondary portfolios picked up. With respect to real estate, our 3 largest funds at Clarion are perpetually fundraising. We see opportunities to continue to expand in Europe. And then we're incredibly excited about the success that we had in the wealth channel with Lexington, where 20% of the fund raise of Lex 10 fund came from the wealth channel. And this has been years of building up our capabilities with the FT alternatives where we built both a team of specialists, the 30-plus specialists to help assist our wholesaling team. We've leveraged our academy to not only educate our own force, but also to help our distribution partners educate their advisers on how to think about this. And so it's a lot of years in the making, and we're really excited to see it come together with this fundraise. But that same expertise is going to be very helpful in both private credit as well as real estate. 
Jennifer Johnson: Well, so I mean, obviously, we have the $25 billion that we've talked about with Great-West Life, and that will come in kind of through the year. And it's a mix of multiple our SIMs with the bulk of it actually going to Western, but goes -- it has alternatives in there. And as well as fixed income and equity. And we announced that we're going to be a sub-adviser [indiscernible] And part of that is because we -- when we acquired Western, we acquired real expertise in understanding the insurance space, and we've been able to leverage that capability more broadly. But Adam, you want to talk about some additional things that you're seeing. 
Jennifer Johnson: And I'm just going to throw one thing in. I mean Putnam's got 85% of their AUM beating their peers in all time periods. 87% of mutual funds are -- or 91% of mutual funds are rated 4- and 5-star ratings. So both on the equity and fixed income, they've got phenomenal performance. 
Jennifer Johnson: Well, so BSP -- so they closed their fund in this quarter. And so you don't see those flows in last quarter. So we're talking about in Matt, what was the date that they closed the [ 4.7 ]. 
Jennifer Johnson: This quarter. So -- and just the different BSP charges when they call capital, so they don't have catch-up fees like Lexington does. 
Jennifer Johnson: And I think that Canvas is [indiscernible] is more of a threat to the passive mutual fund that has and passive ETF. 
Jennifer Johnson: Great. Well, thank you, everybody, for participating in today's call. And once again, I just want to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication to be able to deliver this quarter. And we look forward to speaking to you all again next quarter. Thanks, everybody. 
Adam Spector: And Jenny, I would add 2 things in terms of the momentum we've had in the wealth channel. One is the success we've had to date with things like Lexington, mean that we're able to now have more meaningful conversations with our distribution partners about calendar placement many quarters into the future, which really helps us plan our product launches. At the same time, we're now in a position where our distribution partners want to work with us to co-create products. So we're working on doing that together so that the products we come to market with in the wealth management channel are meeting their needs. The final item is that a lot of our success to date has been in the U.S. market in terms of wealth management, and we're now building out our specialist capabilities, our education, our academy, et cetera, in markets outside of the U.S. where we hope to have a similar level of success in the wealth management channels there. 
Adam Spector: Okay. I would say just in terms of scale, our insurance business is about $170 billion now, and that's not including the flows we've talked about from the power-related companies. So it's a very significant business. As Jenny said, to be successful in a lot of the general account area, you've not only need to have investment expertise, but really insurance, domain-specific expertise, technology compliance. We're one of the few firms we think to combine both of those. And then the partnership with Power Corp. has also allowed us to co-create products with them that we think will be very successful in the marketplace, and you're seeing some launches there as well. The team there has been -- Putnam has been very successful in the DC channel as well as in insurance. And we think bringing those salespeople on to our team now that they have a wider array of products to sell will really hockey stick our efforts there as well. 
Adam Spector: Yes. Jenny, I would just add that I think you're spot on that we've really seen strength in a number of areas of fixed income that was masked by some of the outflows in Core and Core Plus. But the performance in Core and Core Plus turned around. If you take a look at the end of the year, Core is up 37 basis points in the index, Core Plus 124. And traditionally, those products get very, very strong inflows after the Fed stops hiking. So we're in the position now from a performance standpoint as well as in the rate cycle, where those products are poised to do quite well. 
Adam Spector: Yes. So first of all, the Putnam acquisition gave us capabilities. And I think those capabilities are really important in terms of things like stable value where there's $18 billion in assets, ultrashort and target date. If you take a look at target date, it's a third of industry DC AUM right now, had $150 billion in net flow last year. We can now play in that segment where we haven't really been able to play effectively historically. So from a product standpoint, we're in a much stronger position. I would also say that from a sales force position, when we took folks in from Putnam, one of the areas where we added most significantly within that retirement and somewhat in the insurance channel as well. So we just have a much, much larger field force. So that lets us be better partners both of those things, both the expanded field force, the expanded products. We're better partners with the power-related companies, but with all of our insurance partners. And I think that's what's really important to mention is this is not just about being stronger with one partner, it's about being stronger in insurance and retirement across the board. Putnam's DC assets are about 30% of overall AUM. It's just a real strength in bringing that DNA into Franklin will be a real benefit in the relationship with Empower allows us to build some custom products together that we can go to market with that we think will really help us win because we can have multiple sales forces now selling the same products, which just gives us leverage. 
Adam Spector: Yes. I would just reiterate the point that, for us, ETFs is about the vehicle, not about being passive, just to put some numbers around that 24% of our assets are smart beta and 36% are active. So our passive ETF business, it's only 40% of our AUM is in passive and it was only 20% -- passive was only 20% of our ETF flow for the quarter. So as more and more people begin to consider active management within an ETF wrapper, we think that's great to us. And to the point about cannibalization, we would also say that direct indexing is the real threat to mutual funds, and that's where we're so thrilled to have Canvas on board to see the growth there to see our ability to actually use Canvas to manage active portfolios now as well. We think that puts us in a very good position. 
