Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, good morning and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. With me is Ken Lewis, our CFO. We're pleased with this quarter's results as flow trends improved, performance remained strong, and operating income increased. Our international retail business continued to gain traction as solid performance drove demand for many products globally. We implemented a new commentary format this quarter and we hope you found it useful and we welcome any additional feedback you have. I'd now like to open up the line to your questions.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, we can only pay the limit in the prospectus, so that has created, I think, in some cases, a protracted discussion on how we get to a standard number. But I can't think of any case where we have not been able to work it out. And, again, it's maximum by prospectus, so it shouldn't increase with the changes.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yes. I mean, I think that that is an area that we were hoping would turn around a little bit faster based on the performance. I think just a general statement first, just looking at the overall flows on global equity and, obviously, that was an area where we had over $6 billion in outflows. $3 billion of that was due to three accounts on the institutional side; the largest, a sovereign wealth fund, not performance-related but just reducing for cash needs there. And I still think getting back to the gross levels in any equity category is difficult, looking historical when you still have the pressure of indexing happening and replacing the traditional fund. But we have – the Foreign Fund has turned around to positive flows for the last two quarters. That's much better than where it was, but that category's not as large as the overall global equity category, and that's the important one that we need to see turn around for the Templeton Growth Fund. So we, I think that the – and also part of the – still the value growth side and some of the headwinds there, but Templeton, for the first time, is getting a little bit of benefit from currencies, which we haven't had and that trend continues. And, obviously, the bigger positions in Europe and financials have helped quite a bit, too. So if you look back, we just got improvement in our star, the number of stars on those funds, and so it takes a little bit of time and, certainly, in the retail channel to get back to the kind of positioning you had, and that's really what we've been trying to do. And if the performance trends continue, we'll be successful there.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah, I think as I said before, I mean, I think certain markets get lost in the numbers, and if you just look at, for example, the India business at $800 million in net inflows for the quarter, very strong relative and organic growth there. Taiwan, $0.5 billion in inflows there. Germany, very strong as well. Asia, as a whole, about $2.2 billion last quarter inflows. So those are probably the standout countries in terms of where we're seeing good retail and institutional flows.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean, I think that's the big question for many firms. It's very hard for everybody to be in the lowest quartile of expenses. It's also very hard to compete with just straight market beta at two, three basis points. So if you can reduce from 50 to 30 and you're losing business to two or three, that's probably not a great decision. I think what we've tried to do is look at every category. We're doing that right now, working with our distribution partners and finding out if any asset classes that we have that are being priced out of the market that have competitive performance and that pricing is an issue. I think most of our funds are on the lower side so we don't see that, but there are some that we think we probably will reduce. I don't think there's anything from a substantial impact at this stage, but like many, if the pricing side of the equation is much more important and you have to be competitive and that may mean some near-term revenue loss to continue to get share, and we've been doing really a review that we're in the middle of and are getting closer to probably reducing a few funds.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean, I don't think anything has changed as far as priorities. I think we're always looking to add strong investment teams that complement the lineup. I think, obviously, in the alternative space, we've talked about why that's not always easy to do. I think we'd like the high-net-worth and Fiduciary Trust, that business to grow so that's something that would move up the list on priorities for us. But overall, we continue to be very active in looking at everything and I wouldn't say the list has changed from what we've talked about before.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think the other standouts in the last couple of quarters on the fixed income side – I mean, obviously, Global Bonds, it's a tremendous turnaround from where we were, where we had $2 billion in inflows for that category, where a year ago we probably had $7 billion, $8 billion in outflows, so we're certainly pleased to see that that's turned around. The other areas, the floating rate was very strong and it's a little choppier because some of it, we get some institutional accounts in that, but especially as rates ticked up, that category, we've seen momentum, certainly in Asia. One of the big headwinds was Asia growth. That's turned around just as far as actually redemptions, and performance is very strong there. And the other one that has been a drag would be emerging markets, but very strong performance continues despite even growth outperforming value, but those funds have been well positioned through that. So those would be the areas that we're seeing strong interest outside of the U.S.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah, I mean, I think that's the question we wrestle with quite a bit, and to Ken's earlier points on some of the initiatives and funding that we need to do. Take distribution and ETFs, we probably need to continue to build out our ETF specialists and not rely on the existing retail wholesalers. And I think that's something that we've been out telling the story, but really feel like that's going to require a separate effort. Now there would be alternatives and supporting that group versus just having a generic institutional sales group. I think the specialization in distribution is becoming more and more important, especially as there's more gatekeepers that expect that expertise and closeness with the portfolio management team. So that'd be another area that we think we're going to continue to make an incremental investment in. Because I think you're absolutely right, you cannot rely on one platform to sell all different products and have that same kind of credibility in the market. We think that more specialization is required. That's an investment we've been making on the retail side as well, in building out more consultants and even bifurcating our sales teams for different types of advisors in the field, even in the same territory. So I think that the bar is being raised and we have to continue to specialize and focus the distribution efforts.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: And I think we'd add just, it also depends on the tax repatriation and how that shapes in the next few months based on what we would do there.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I think, first of all, it was very quiet from the standpoint of funding for the quarter, there were no significant one-time separate accounts coming in during the quarter, but we do have – we had some wins during the quarter that are funding now in this quarter, and that's what we mentioned it was $2 billion. And I believe most of that is in Fixed Income, Emerging Markets, Global Bonds and in the Global Bond category, most of that $2 billion.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah, I think the question, obviously, around the unbundling and what does that mean, and I think, like everyone, we're still very much studying it and have a group committed to doing that. I think if it's narrow in terms of how it's implemented, it wouldn't have a very large impact on us. If it becomes more of a standard across the rest of the globe, obviously, we'll have a bigger one, and I wouldn't even want to estimate, at this stage, what that would look like. I think, overall, as far as the regulations and complying with them and having new clean share classes in place, we are ready to do that and in compliance, and I don't see any real issues just aside from the unbundling and the uncertainty, and we know some have decided to pay for research directly, and that's something that we have not made a decision on one way or another right now.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: That's a lot of questions in one. I think, first of all, with DOL, we're in a comment period. It's a little bit quiet right now. People drafting responses to both the SEC and the DOL. Our sense is that the two now are talking and have been public in trying to work together. So our view is that the January 1 date will be pushed back. That'll be the goal, I think, of most in the industry to try to give time to have a thoughtful overall standard developed with the two groups. And in terms of the BIC, in the best interest contract, I think having some level of higher suitability will probably be the outcome but not be as onerous as having a contract in place that creates issues. And then having the private right of action and some of the weaknesses in the current structure, we think that will be addressed in the future as well. And you also have momentum on the legislative front to do away with it completely. So I think that's still a possibility. But I think the more probable is the delay and then the two groups working to coming up with a workable standard. And I think everybody needs to go back and start with why are we doing this in the first place and then come up with an appropriate solution to that. On the active/passive, no matter what the DOL, where this all comes out, you have a move towards fee-based and you have to think about how that affects your business, affects your line up, puts pressure on expenses as there's more pressure around what the advisor is charging around that portfolio. So I think that that pressure continues one way, we'll continue regardless of where the DOL rule goes. And we talked about that earlier, just making sure your funds are competitive for as these platforms are narrower than the traditional one and may have a third or half of the funds available that were there before. So you have to be competitive on both the expense side and the return side there. Revenue share, I think that's still probably one that has more uncertainty about where it ends up in the future. Some large advisors are adopting a no-revenue stance. Some are – have revenue sharing in, some are going to adopt clean share. So I think that'll – the market forces, where that prevails, I think it's too early to tell but I think it's going to be a difficult world where one adopts a clean share and another doesn't. So I think that that's more of a probable outcome over time that you'll move towards that clean share class.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean, I don't think that there's been any kind of shift between active/passive and how a large firm thinks of their business in terms of probability of consolidating. It's very hard to just say, well, put two big firms together and not hurt each of your businesses as you combine the two. So I think the other – the real story is on the small to medium and how, in this environment, the traditional – say you're a niche-active equity manager, the investment you need to make to be competitive and to stay on platform. As I mentioned, the narrowing of funds, the availability, and some of that's based on the size in the system, and because there are costs to have diligence and follow X number of funds, it's just harder and harder for the smaller player. Where they may have had relationships out in the field with specific offices, or branches, or whatever, it's just going to be hard for them to get the shelf space when it's channeled through one central gatekeeper. So I think there's going to be more opportunities for those type of firms that have seen assets decrease, don't have the balance of fixed income and other categories that will need to sell or consolidate or become part of a bigger platform. But I think the larger firms being forced is more of a bear-market deal than it is an active/passive question.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I mean, I think if you look at just international, that a year ago was $6.5 billion in gross and its run rate now was 12.5 for the last quarter, so you can see that there has been a jumpstart there, and, again, many, many, very strong stories in a lot of regions and countries around the globe. I think the U.S., it's just been a much more difficult environment, where you would be seeing in a normal environment a pickup in those numbers, but because of what's happening in some of the transitions in the industry that we're all too familiar with, it's been harder to get the kind of rebound. And it also, as I mentioned before, I think the key areas for us in jumpstarting, I mean, obviously the Global Bonds you get a little move in rates up and you saw how quickly that can change perception, being one of the few in that category that actually can show that it's done very well in a rising rate environment. I still think that that probability is real despite the consensus view that rates have to stay low and down. We think it's one of the few real flagships that's well positioned for that. The Income Fund has had a huge rebound in performance. I'd say that's the one that hybrid category in a normal environment would be doing much better than it is, and kind of treading water right now, and part of that again is just due to some of the changes in the industry. I think that the outside of that, we've had a history of innovation and doing new things, and I think when you say jumpstart, we think we have a lot of exciting things that, as Ken mentioned, that may require a little bit more investment, but that we think can jumpstart organic growth as well. And part of that is around the ETF side, the alternatives with K2 and the KMAP initiative, having a platform for distribution, those are the kinds of things that could jumpstart growth in the near-term. And then I think there's been a lot of discussion around data and how we look at that and that's another area like many in our industry, and we think we're uniquely positioned with the Silicon Valley presence and relationships that our teams have here with technology companies and our India presence to do some exciting things there. So I think there's always – there's always going to be opportunities for new ideas in growth, and we've got many that we think are very exciting. But in the near-term, it's really making sure that we're well positioned with these changes in the U.S. retail and getting as much shelf space as possible and retaining assets as they transition from brokerage to advisory. And the next question will be, what does that mean? What's the number? And I don't think any of us know that, but we want to capture as much as we can in that transition and that's really why the retail side, you just haven't seen the more normal rebound for the industry in flows.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean, first of all, as I stated before, I mean, we've always been on the lower side of expenses, and I think having gone through every fund in the last few months, I'm encouraged by where many of them do stand. There's a few outliers that we're looking at right now, and it's really weighing, like anyone, what the revenue impact and how distribution feels, that – how does this contribute to redemptions and how does it contribute to sales and modeling that out and understanding what we need to do in the near-term versus the long-term. And those are hard decisions but most of our – again, I would say all of our large categories are in pretty good shape as far as the expense ratios versus peers.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah. I think the institutional, it's hard to – you get the – it's a little bit chunky and hard to kind of just look at and get any sense as to what the trend is based on quarterly numbers. And I think it was an unusual quarter in that you didn't have any significant findings for that. But as we've said, I mean, $2 billion coming in and that's I think was offshore institutional relationships that we feel like the interest is very strong on local currency, Global Bonds, Emerging Markets Bonds and we hope that that trend continues. But it is, you get $1 billion here, you get – it's just large chunky and hopefully this quarter will be a lot better than last quarter there.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: As we stated before, I mean, it's a new line, you're not coming out and just coming with a low-cost passive, you're coming with smart beta and factors. And that's an education process that requires time, and we're committed to the business, we built a very strong team, and we continue to thoughtfully build that out. We just kicked off our Canadian ETFs, we're looking at Europe next. We know it's going to be an important part of our business over time, but like many initiatives we don't come out and state how big it has to be within a certain period to be successful. We're operating them. We want to make sure that we know what we're doing first. And I think we feel pretty confident that we have the right team and resources and we're going to continue to build out the distribution side. But like any new product, it takes time to get on the platforms, and we've certainly been pleased over the last year as we've been out in the market for over a year that we're now getting on the major platforms. So, hopefully, that'll give some momentum on the retail side.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think they're charged with raising institutional assets. That's pretty straightforward. But this person comes with a very strong background with consultants and so that's going to be very important. It's also very important to work with our teams in making sure that the process and how we articulate the process to the institutions is right. And I think that that partnership is something that we would hope this person would continue to build on, and I think that's going to help us on the retail side as well as the gatekeeper, as all of that, I think, becomes very intertwined in how we talk about what we do with investment management team. So that person will take some time in looking at what we're doing and how we're doing it and probably have some input on some changes there as well. But it's just bringing in more experience to a team, and I think the overall business will benefit from that kind of talent.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah, I mean, I think we are open again, as you know, to anything, and I think that person having that experience there and looking at what we do, we'd certainly listen to that if that was something that we feel we need to do.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I don't think so. I mean I think this is an example of, to me, why the DOL rule is weak in its current state, that just extrapolate all these suits times every retirement plan. It's a trial lawyer's dream to have that, and our belief is that this case has no merit. Just about every firm has been sued that has their own funds in their own offering. So we're going to fight it and like you said, I think we believe that we're on the right side and did all the right things.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I'd say that it doesn't really impact the thinking now. I think the earlier – well, you have offshore cash. I mean, I think the probability is you'll have a territorial system in some form. You'll be taxed on your earnings – not your cash, but your earnings in the past. So it doesn't matter if we use the cash for offshore acquisitions versus waiting to bring it back. You're going to pay a tax based on what you earned in those offshore to free up the existing cash. So that creates kind of a level playing field as you look at the world, and I don't think it precludes us at this stage from favoring U.S. or saying, well, we'd have to finance a U.S. today versus not. I think if it makes sense, we would do it in the U.S. equally versus the rest of the world. I don't know if that helps, but that's based on where we are with the taxes.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah, I think I mentioned it earlier that there's no high priority. We look at where we can complement the lineup, so maybe, if anything, continuing to build out the high net worth business with fiduciary would move up that list today versus anything else. But we have, like always, many active – we're in many – doing diligence at any given time on different firms. Have a team (45:32) dedicated to doing that.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, I think it's just, it's again, just bringing in talent with outside expertise and views and a different way of thinking about the market and a different way of customizing portfolios. And we didn't talk a lot about the solution side and building that out as a separate team now from the alternative side, as far as having a head and a new dedicated person to do that. So this is just another tool in the box that allows us to do things that we couldn't do before, and it's really about bringing people in that can bring a broader array of customized solutions. And we're already, I think, starting to see some wins in places we haven't had before, and one more recently on the variable annuity side on a new asset class, and a lot of that was just having that solutions build out and depth. And that's really what these people bring.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Yeah, you still have to disclose that in the prospectus and we have caps on fixed income and equity by fund in the prospectus. And I think today there's probably only one relationship that would be affected by our caps, where we can't meet the revenue share number. And that means we're not going to be able to wholesale in that one channel, and it's not a significant one for us, not one I'm going to mention, but if you haven't read about it, it means it's probably not that big. And I think all of the rest we've been able to meet, so that's the point. It is out of our P&L, but it's also disclosed and it also has a cap on it for us.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I mean, it's a one, three, and five, we feel like that's an important way to kind of look at it in the right perspective. But, again, sometimes the numbers, the five-year number, for example, $90 billion of that is Franklin Income Fund that's in the 52nd percentile, and probably moved into the 48th percentile in the last month, because it's outperformed over the last month. So immediately, that number shifts from a 48 or something to a 70 with one fund in a few weeks. So I think, overall, if you look at the investment teams, the big shifts are Templeton. That's a fairly significant pool for us. The Global Bond group is excellent over mutual series. So a lot – there's been a pretty strong rebound, and I think the number was if you take our top 10 flagship funds, nine out of 10 in those three periods we're talking about, we're in the top two quartiles. So that shows you a real consistency across the line up, and they are revenue generated pools based on performance, so you will have upward pressure from that.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: I wouldn't have a timeline. I think it wouldn't be appropriate, and I think the driver is still going to be relative performance more than just putting new distribution people in place, and certainly with the U.K. hire, that'll take time in assess that market and how we build out there. It's a market we historically have not put a huge effort in on the distribution side just because for us, historically, they've had a lot of global equity managers and that's been our lead product, so it hasn't been something that we've made a big effort, but that may change with this person. And so, I don't have a timeframe for what that means. I think first, that person gets in, looks at the market, and then comes up with a plan and we maybe will be better suited in three months or six months to talk about that.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: No, I just think it was a certainty that we had, and it's already funding, so I think they felt like they'd mentioned it. And probably the importance of not seeing anything in this quarter to say, hey, there were wins this quarter, they just funded next quarter to get to more of a normalized, so you don't put it in at zero.
Gregory Eugene Johnson: Well, thank you, everybody, for attending the quarterly call, and we look forward to speaking next quarter. Thank you.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Sure. I don't know that it was lower than it should be, but – and there were some – I would say, the net of the one-offs were maybe just $2 million, in that very small neighborhood. But I think, more importantly, what the question is going forward, what do we see? We do see a little upward pressure on that line item and some of the other line items, offset probably by the comp line item, which that compensation was a little bit high this quarter than run rate.
Kenneth A. Lewis: The were some nonrecurring items but also I think something important to keep in mind is due to the performance of the company and the increasing average assets under management, et cetera, we took a look at some of the variable comp components and adjusted our estimates of our liability there. In this quarter and since it's the third quarter of fiscal year, you pretty much have the whole year impact of that adjustment in this current quarter, so that had the effect of inflating the quarterly number a little bit. So that's something to keep in mind. Overall, as I said in the commentary, I think when you look at the comp line year 2017 versus 2016, we're looking at that to be down around 2% to 2.5%.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Sure, sure. So we are just starting our annual budget process so it is a little early for me to give you any definitive guidance with a lot of confidence. But I can tell you that we're really taking a hard look leaving no stone unturned, looking for ways that we can harvest expense savings to fund those new strategic initiatives. I could say, overall, from what I know today, I mean, it is looking like it will be a challenge next year to reduce next year's expense levels from the current levels. But beyond that, it's kind of too early to tell exactly, but I'll definitely have more for you next time we meet.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Okay. I'll try to answer that question. I didn't hear all the parts of your question, but I think I got the main idea. So right, so in our filings, we do highlight the minimum amount of cash in the U.S. and outside the U.S. that we feel we need for internal purposes, things that might come up, regulatory issues, amounts to cede, (17:56) new products, et cetera. The U.S. cash is approximately like $2.3 billion of that number. I think we – say, we have $800 million that we going to hold aside for operational and regulatory requirements, and international, that's 6.3 and of that we hold about 2.2. So, I think your number of $3 billion is about right, and I think your characterization is also correct. That is the amount that we think we would need, kind of bare minimum, to have on hand. Keeping in mind also, though, that if we needed more money, we have the ability to borrow more money.
Kenneth A. Lewis: The debt. Yeah, we do have debt maturing in September, and I think because of our strong financial position we have the ability to be opportunistic in what we do. Like I said...
Kenneth A. Lewis: Yeah. I don't think there's anything noteworthy to call out there. Performance fees weren't that much this quarter really, and I think it's just a function of mix really other than anything structural.
Kenneth A. Lewis: Well, I'll handle the expense side of that. You know, as I said, I guess my comment was, no stone unturned. I think you are exactly right. It is getting more challenging to find expense savings because we are efficient. Our competitors are efficient as well. We do have, I think, a competitive advantage there with our presence in the low-cost jurisdictions, where we can do more investments in technology and things like that at a lower cost. So I think that is something that differentiates us. But in terms of specific areas that we're looking at, it could be just things that – procedures and processes that we set up a long time ago for a specific business model. The business model has changed, so we're just questioning ourselves, do we need to do that process, or do we need – has business changed, where we could perhaps approach the problem differently. So things like that. I can't give you a specific quick hit list of things, which implies that changes will take a little bit of time to identify, and then to execute on them, but I still think there are opportunities in the organization to do that.
Kenneth A. Lewis: No, I think, certainly, not in the short-term. If there is some tax reform that might have some impact, we'd have to wait and see the details of what that tax reform is. But in the short-term, I don't expect us to change our thinking on share repurchases.
