Adam Spector: Yes. Thanks for that question. That is in the mutual fund flows. Those were mutual funds that were in that program.
Adam Spector: Yes. There are a few things that are really working for us and alternatives. One is just the quality of firms that we have. We think it's -- they're strong in their individual asset classes, and we're in a number of different alternative areas from real estate to private debt, private equity to hedge funds. We also have an advantage of being able to raise money for alternatives in a geographically diverse base. We're seeing growth around the world and our alternatives. It's not just U.S. flows. A number of our alternatives have an ESG component to them, especially in real estate. And so that combination of ESG and alternatives is resonating, I think, quite strongly.  And finally, from the alternative side, I'd say we spent a lot of time concentrating on how to democratize access to alternatives to make sure it's not just institutions in the ultra-high net worth segment that can access alternatives. And we're raising money in retail as well. All of that, to me, speaks to the ability to have continued strong momentum in fundraising there.
Adam Spector: And the final thing I would add is that we're continuing to add resources to distribution there. And it was only last quarter that we started a specialized sales group to focus just on alternatives in the U.S., and we're seeing traction from that already.
Adam Spector: Sure. I don't think there's a real change in cost of distribution. What I would highlight is that the added agreements are really a direct result of a concerted effort to cross-sell. So a lot of those additional agreements are onboarding legacy Legg Mason products to Franklin agreements or vice versa. And we've done both.  One of the statistics we've called out is that we've cross-sold to about 6,000 new advisers in the U.S. that is advisers who used to do business with only legacy Franklin or legacy Legg Mason. We're able to do that because we're taking on more agreements and putting products on -- more products on broad platforms. We also see a real geographic benefit to taking those new platforms on. If you think about Europe, as an example, in EMEA, where Franklin historically had a stronger distribution footprint, about 15% of our AUM is legacy Legg Mason in terms of retail distribution, but it's about 30% of the flow. So getting products onto those platforms has had a real immediate benefit to us.
Adam Spector: Yes. I think Jenny really did hit the high points there. It is already 10% of our $125 billion in SMAs. It's continuing to grow, and we're continuing to expand that reach to more folks. What I would say in general about our SMA business is that ClearBridge and Legg Mason historically had an incredibly strong infrastructure in terms of operational and technological platform for the SMA business. We've now been able to use that platform across the business such that about 50% roughly of our net flow into the SMA business is coming from the legacy Franklin investment teams. So really seeing, again, the advantage of using a legacy part of one firm to benefit the entire organization.
Adam Spector: I would say, in general, that when we look at our SMA business, it tends to be very good revenue business because it tends to be stickier in mutual fund business. We have a longer average life, and that has a definite revenue impact. I would also say that to the extent that you customize for a client, over time, that relationship becomes less about quarter-to-quarter performance and more about really meeting the client's overall goals, whether those are ESG goals or tax efficiency goals, which again leads to longer-lived assets which I think has a positive revenue impact.
Adam Spector: So let me try to tackle that. I don't have the exact details. I would say, in general, when you think about that $200 billion, it's not primarily exclusionary based at all. Instead, I would say if you had to try to categorize it, think about it as more assets that are in line with the European Article 8 or Article 9 definition. That's roughly how we think about what that $200 billion is.  Most of the change there really is due to either market performance or flows because we're seeing very strong flows, especially in Europe. If I take a look at our European assets, I think ESG is going to be key in every single market. Europe is just a little bit ahead right now. I believe that Article 8 and 9 type assets, that $200 billion number, that represents something like 15% of our AUM in the EMEA region, but 30% of our flow and 50% of our pipeline. So it is becoming more and more important. So I think you'll see that number rise over time.
Adam Spector: Yes. I would say in that 200, the customized SMA is not a huge part of that number because a lot of that customization is really tax loss harvesting. So I don't think that's a huge part of that number. Institutionally, we are seeing significant demand for ESG. And I think in certain markets in Europe, in Australia, it's hard to win any new institutional mandates unless you have ESG integration. So I see that as a theme across both retail and institutional.
Adam Spector: Sure. So let me try to think about. So from a regional perspective, U.S. is really our largest market. It's somewhere between 70% and 75% of total AUM. And we are net flow positive, both for the quarter and year-to-date. Things are working really well there. We're continuing to do well with our biggest partners. We're cross-selling really well. And then the other thing I think we've done incredibly well in the U.S. is to start to bring more specialists to bear from across our investment teams, alternatives, ETFs, et cetera, to client relationships. So that's been really strong. Americas and our European business are roughly flat, and the outflows really have been in Asia. The Asian outflows are -- you know what's going on in India. That's a significant portion of it. Some of those one-off equity outflows were in Asia as well. That hurt Asia.  And then we've also talked a little bit about some of the issues we've had in Japan. The good news is that we're seeing a turnaround now in Asia. Our Japanese pipeline is really building. It's more diversified and we're adding new clients there. Our Australian retail business is incredibly strong. I think we're something like 15 months in a row in net positive flow in Australian retail. So really starting to see Asia turn around, and that's been the region that's been the slowest for us.  In terms of your other question about what do we see in the future. I really think of distribution as having that one part that's really the machine, Bill, that's working. And that's the kind of continual grind, day in and day out to make sales to defend assets. And that's just going well for us really across the board. So the machine is working. We're working really well in terms of the central distribution teams with our SIMs distribution teams. We're executing on our plan. It's the big chunky stuff that just hasn't been breaking our way lately, and that's what's been really impacting some of the negative numbers. We've got a lot, though, in the pipeline, a lot of deals we're working on, and I think those bigger things will start to break for us shortly.
Adam Spector: So two things. One, there really is a seasonal effect. We've gone back for as far as we have data for the combined companies, and this quarter was always the slowest for gross sales. So there is a seasonal effect that's historic.  In terms of the largest funds, right, if you think about things like Western core or DynaTech or the income fund, those are still among our top-selling funds and are in positive flow. So a number of the largest funds still are growing. So we do think that we have the right balance between the absolute largest funds growing, but it's not only the largest funds that are growing. We've got a number of funds that are under, say, $2 billion where we see a lot of momentum. And I think that speaks really lend to the longer-term stability of the business.  And one of the things we're trying to focus on is to really build a stable base for years to come. And I think when you're too focused in one geography and one vehicle type and one investment team, that creates a little instability in the business. So we're glad that a few of those huge funds are still growing are net flow positive, but we want to add diversification to the mix as well.
Adam Spector: Yes. I think what we've seen is now that there's an ability to kind of structure closed-end funds in a way that's a little different than they were done years ago. There's really significantly more receptivity to the vehicle. I think it works well for investors, for the investment manager as well as for the distributors. So I think we're going to see more of them. Certainly, when you have $1 billion plus raise, you want to do more. We're currently in discussion with a number of distributors for a range of different products. And I think you'll see us come to market again.
Adam Spector: Yes. It sounds like you work in our alternatives marketing group because I think you've really hit on 2 of the most important opportunities for us where we're spending significant attention. I think the other thing that we really need to do is to work with our distribution partners to understand what they're looking for. The other thing we've seen some growth in is our hedge fund business in the retail channel. I think that could be really strong. But BSP, Clarion, obviously, two of the biggest offerings. I would also say that in some more of the traditional asset classes like fixed income, there are ways to structure things so that it has more of an alternative feel to it as well as the characteristics that one would expect from alternative investments in a more traditional asset class, and we're seeing that in the retail channel as well.
Adam Spector: And the final thing I would add is that the fundraising in that channel tends to be kind of a multipronged thing. You bring a fund period 1, and then you can come back to market a year later, x number of quarters. And so I do see the real potential to have sequential growth in our raises there as those advisers become more comfortable with the brand and the process of allocating to alternatives.
Matthew Nicholls: No. I think that we also had a little rise in other compensation associated with strong performance in other areas of the firm, but most of it was the performance fee-related compensation. And maybe we should take offline the 80%. I think it's a lot less than that the -- it's more like -- much less than that.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. So a couple of things there. First of all, I'd say that about 70% of the performance fees are attributed to our largest alternative asset management, specialized investment managers. So that's attributed to Clarion and Benefit Street Partners. Two, though, the rest of it comes from a fairly diversified group that represents about half of our specialized investment managers. So it's a very diversified group of specialized investment managers that have been outperforming that have produced the performance fees.  While -- and then to the second part of your question, how should we put this into context, this quarter versus future quarters. I think it's important to note that while it reflects the growth of our alternative asset business in particular. This quarter did include 2 quite large episodic performance fees that occurred at the same time. In one instance, we had several funds cleared the performance hurdles and became eligible for carried interest distributions, which had accumulated over several years. It's about 4 years actually.  In the other, a significant tranche of invested capital became eligible for a long-dated performance fee, and this fund had significant investment performance over the management period, which resulted in a large performance fee. So for this combination of events and timing along with the performance fees at over half of the other specialized investment managers resulted in this elevation of performance fees or elevated performance fee levels. So I would repeat our guidance on performance fees of $10 million per quarter. I think you'll agree that sounds quite low, but we think it's best to be conservative around performance fees, but we do acknowledge that's conservative.
Matthew Nicholls: It's also good to put alternatives generally into perspective in terms of where we've come and where we are. About 2.5 years ago, we had about $18 billion in alternative assets under management, and we now have $141 billion under management. Obviously, in that contains 2 large acquisitions, the Benefit Street Partners and Clarion, but it also includes an embedded 15%, at least, organic growth rate over that period. So it's both acquisitions and making opportunities work in terms of organic growth.
Matthew Nicholls: It's also, Brennan, from a profitability perspective, it's -- even though it's lower fee, it's higher margin business. It costs less to run.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Okay. Yes. It's assuming flat market for the fourth quarter. So -- and performance fees at the rate that I just talked about versus anything that might be elevated. In terms of 2022, it's, obviously, a little bit early at the moment to rather focus on the fourth quarter and then provide you with 2022 views when we talk about the fourth quarter.  But just as a reminder, that on the expense reductions associated with the merger transaction, we've achieved a notional amount of about $150 million, or expect to achieve that amount by year-end. That means that in 2022, we will achieve the other $150 million. So that's sort of a stake in the ground in terms of expense reductions in 2022, all else remaining equal.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. And you covered it perfectly. I think just a little bit more on the alt side, I mean, I think, Alex, the way we sort of think about the alternatives business is that's probably about 15% of our adjusted revenue at the moment. And we would like that to be significantly more than that. As you know, it's a large and growing area of asset management, and we have a really small market share overall. We think it's great what we have, and we're very pleased with the growth rate both organically and the ability to bolt things on, such as the REIT transaction. We just have Benefit Street Partners.  But there's -- we've got real missing components of the overall alternative asset strategy group that we've sort of formed, which is a grouping of companies in the alternative asset space. And for example, we have nothing in the equity alternative asset arena. So we're very focused on that, and we think we're a very good home and we think we've got the right structure to put in place to make it very attractive for those companies out there.  And another -- Jenny already mentioned wealth and distribution. The other thing I would think about around this is, in a way, in many ways, it's a capital allocation question. And with our income profile now, if you take the very important dividend into account a couple of hundred million dollars of share repurchases to make sure that we at least offset compensation grants, it leaves us with $1 billion to invest approximately in the firm, and that's unlevered and that will be fully invested in the firm in terms of acquisitions, in terms of investing in the business across all the SIMs.  I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, for example, that we've allocated $440 million new seed and co-invest capital since we announced the acquisition, that's already turned into over $4 billion of AUM. So it's almost like a tenfold return in that regard in terms of turning it from an AUM returns perspective. So we see a lot of opportunities there. And We're being very disciplined about how we think about that. The size of our balance sheet gives us more confidence to spend that money each year and frankly, we're very active across these areas strategically.
Matthew Nicholls: And then the other sort of additional point is that there are some very attractive alternative asset strategies that we don't yet own because we don't have the capability that we think is very logical connection with a large distribution business like ours.
Jennifer Johnson: And let me just add, Adam, is a lot of discussion about the democratization of alternatives, our experience. And I think we probably have one of the strongest retail franchise is -- it is complicated to sell in a retail franchise, and it is an area of serious focus for us for figuring out how to do it, and we've had some success in it.  And then if you think about our great -- our biggest alternative managers with Clarion and BSP, both are income-generating. And that fits very well in the retail space. So it's a matter of educating the advisers on it and getting the brand name out there. But having the relationships that we have, we think that, that's just a huge upside opportunity for us there.
Jennifer Johnson: I don't know that we -- if I try to think through it, I mean, you obviously -- you have things like smart beta and passive, obviously, are lower that we have those primarily in our ETFs. If you look at our $13 billion in ETFs, 50% of it's active. So those aren't low fees. But obviously, the path is lower. I'm just trying to -- I'm stalling a little bit because I'm trying to think through any obvious, big chunky -- which I don't -- I can't think of any off the top of my head. These were kind of unique relationships that honestly we had acquired years ago with kind of local managers, smaller managers that had lower fees.
Jennifer Johnson: And I would add that we kind of break that category. So we think the way Europe has done it with Article 6, 8, 9 is a good framework to think about it. And we are pleased that we have so many products that qualify against 25 for Article 8, and then 8 strategies for Article 9. But what's really satisfying is that it's diverse across all of our SIMs. We kind of put it into 4 categories, thematics, tilted, value -- values can be things like Shariah and sukuk funds -- and then impact. And we're talking Clarion and Martin Currie, Franklin, Western. So really across all of our different SIMs, we have funds that fit into these 8, 9 categories, which is really good, we think, from just positioning.
Jennifer Johnson: And Adam, I would just say that you take a Clarion, I mean one of the feedback we're getting from some of our large distribution partners is a concern that they have a low concentration in managers, and they want diversification. And here, you got Clarion at $60-plus billion, and with unbelievable performance coming out of this COVID period, and really has only been institutional distribution. And so we just think there's just tremendous upside there because there's a desire on the distribution side to diversify their managers. And we've got the distribution team to support the alternatives business and really the products there.
Jennifer Johnson: And we don't talk about it, but I think we showed a little bit -- we have a very strong venture group. And while they're small in the individual private funds, they actually came out of our growth franchise at Franklin because of the ability to put some illiquid assets in mutual funds. And so they're probably -- I don't know, Matt, I think it's about $2 billion in venture investments, albeit a large part of it within our traditional kind of mutual funds. But they're now starting to be selected as a lead against very competitive other VCs on offering. So we're really excited because we think there's a lot of opportunity there.
Jennifer Johnson: Yes. I just want to thank everybody for their time today. And we appreciate you guys taking the time to the call, and I want to wish everybody through this next phase of the Delta variant and everything to stay healthy through these times. So thanks, everybody.
