Adam Spector: Sure. Making sure I am not on mute here. I would say that the growth is really differentiated depending on if we are talking about Canvas or our more traditional SMA business. The traditional SMA business was really strongest at the wires, because that’s where Legg Mason had its traditional strength. We have been really pleased over the last year at the significant cross-selling such that we now see real growth in SMA and our regional partners as well as with legacy FT products, FT fixed income, you need some of the equity products there as well. So we are getting more product breadth there and we are also spreading out of the wires. In terms of Canvas, we have already essentially tripled the number of RIAs that are using that platform. They are really focused on that platform. And we think for Canvas, we need to continue to grow the platform in that area. At the same time, we are working to expand into newer areas like the traditional broker-dealer market for Canvas, where we think we can use it more to create investment products as opposed to it serving as an entire platform in the broker-dealer world. So, that cross-selling strategy is really what’s key for us. We want to move in both directions and we are seeing that. There is not really one product or one asset class that I would say you will see the most growth in. What we are actually pleased about is the breadth we have been able to achieve in the SMA growth over the last year.
Adam Spector: And I would just add one thing is that in terms of Western being disintermediated. Just remember that they have got really strong alternative product on their own, very strong in the CLO space, their global macro opportunities fund is very strong, so not a concern there. That’s the only thing I would add.
Adam Spector: Yes. That’s a really good question, thank you. Because we do feel that this is a very specific circumstance. If you look at something like the O’Shaughnessy, that is much more of a typical purchase of the firm where the assets of the firm, including the actual assets under management come with it. What we did with the form of Visa team was quite different. That was an investment team that was essentially going to move to a new home. We were really pleased that when they had a number of platforms that they were looking at, they chose the Franklin platform because they thought it would be best for their clients. They moved over as new employees to Franklin with absolutely zero assets and zero contractual relationships with any client. They then were able to reach out to those clients and contract with them in to really essentially start a new business relationship with Franklin Templeton. So that AUM was not purchased. We simply hired the people. We were thrilled that their clients and the consultants that back those clients saw the strength in the platform such that we actually brought over more AUM than they had at the time of the announcement. So I think that’s a testament to the strength that others see in the Franklin platform. But because we didn’t purchase any assets, that’s why it came through the flow line.
Adam Spector: Glenn. And I would add just a couple of things to that, in that sales are kind of modestly up. Redemptions are significantly down. We’re happy with both of those. But the other thing that isn’t as evident in the number is the significant cross-selling we’ve had in terms of platform access. And now that we are now able to onboard, for instance, Italy is a great example where FT, legacy FT had a lot of the largest banks, all the largest banks, they have platform access there. Legacy Leg had a lot of great investment products, but it wasn’t on the platform. We onboarded that product to the four largest bank platforms in Italy this quarter. We have exchangeability coming up at the end of this month in the U.S. So, all of those things augur quite well for better future sales.
Adam Spector: I think there are a couple of things. There is a number of advisers who are using us. That’s one of the most significant things. And are they using just one half of the house or the entire product range. We’ve seen significant growth there. Two is, I think you’ll see significantly lower redemption rates going forward to the extent that anyone is ever unsatisfied with the particular investment product now that we have double the products on the platform, essentially, there is an ability to switch from one to the other in still today within the Franklin Templeton platform, so more number of advisers buying our products and buying a larger breadth and greater retention. The other thing that we’ve seen historically is that the larger number of products that one adviser buys from you, the stickier their assets are with you long-term because you tend to develop a better kind of holistic relationship with them, not just in asset management product sale relationship. So as you see more products per adviser, I think you see a stickier AUM base as well.
Adam Spector: Yes. There is not really a significant change there. I would say, from an asset class perspective, fixed income is the largest percentage of that, but we also have a very, very healthy dose of alternatives and equities in there as well. There was really a slight change in the overall level, but that does not at all reflect the strength of the institutional business. In fact, I would tell you, we are doing better and better in the institutional space. The truth is what that’s really measuring is business that you have won, but hasn’t actually funded yet. So, to the extent that you fund the business more quickly, that number will actually come down a bit. So, the institutional business is really quite strong. Fixed income is the biggest asset class, but a big chunk of fixed income is roughly half of it. In terms of fee rates, really, I would say we haven’t seen a change in the fees that we are doing institutional business that over the last few quarters.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Good morning, Craig. We may do that, I’d say, in the next 12 months as we continue to assess the breadth of our alternative asset business. Out of the $140 million of performance fees that we just reported, $30 million was realizations. I think the size of our performance fees reflects the potential of our larger alternatives business. Obviously, this excludes Lexington at this stage. The December quarter is probably the highest performance the quarter that we will have, because it’s the quarter where we have both realizations quarterly performance fees, and annual performance fees. I’d also note that out of the $140 million, about $40 million of that was specifically annual related. The rest is actually pretty hard to quantify accurately, in our view, from a guidance perspective. But we are going to increase our guidance on performance fees from $10 million to $15 million, which is where we were on the guidance front to $30 million to $40 million for the second quarter. So, I know that’s a longer answer to your question, Craig, but we are going to study this further to see if we can provide more granular information to be useful to modeling. It’s very difficult. The performance fees are very broad and they are in different categories, but we will do our best to provide better guides where we can.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Thank you, Jenny. Good morning, Alex. I think, candidly, the $1 billion pro forma for Lexington is probably already fairly conservative. We would hope that, that would be close to $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, post closing, the 12 months thereafter plus performance fees. So we have been growing the business over the last couple of years that at a growth rate of about 20%. I think I have mentioned in the past that about half of that is organic. The other half is through market growth. So I think we’d say minimum of 10%, but in our view, it should be between 10% and 20% with respect to the growth rate for our combined alternatives business.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes, okay. So there is a few parts of this to try and be as useful as possible. Obviously, it’s not easy in the current volatile market to get this exactly right, but I am going to spend most of my time talking about the annual number and then we can go from there. So the first point I’d make is that the first quarter that we are just reporting today includes $15 million of one-time benefit to G&A. I think most of you have pointed that out already. So, that’s good. And the second quarter includes a restart of calendar year comp costs such as annual merit increases, payroll taxes, 401(k) match, etcetera. However, we expect our comp ratio to remain in the 43% to 44% area, inclusive of performance fee compensation. And then I’d note that 35% to 40% of our total expense base is variable with market and performance. And as we have mentioned beforehand, we are consistently reviewing the other 60% to 65% in terms of long-term potential operational efficiencies. So what this all means at this point, inclusive of the market that we’ve experienced over the last few weeks is that we still expect our full year ‘22 operating expenses to be in the range of $3.9 billion to $3.95 billion, excluding performance fees and excluding Lexington.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. The performance fee guidance there was really just for the second quarter, Bill. But again, we’re going to try our best to provide additional guidance as we roll through the year as our alternative asset business continues to expand, we do expect our performance fee potential to continue to increase. So that’s that piece. In terms of the market assumption, I took into account in the guidance there for the year, the market as of a few days ago when the market was down double digits for the NASDAQ and pretty close to that for the S&P 500 and certainly to Russell 2000, for example, and the fixed income indices down a little bit less. But one of the things I’ll note on the top line, while we don’t provide revenue guidance for the business that when markets decline, I think you’re obviously very aware of this, but when the markets decline, our revenue declines a lot less than the market. And that’s because we’ve diversified the business so significantly over the past several years, in particular. And as our ops business becomes larger, and we’ve got other sticky businesses like wealth and parts of the SMA franchise now and some of the institutional business that it’s just much more sticky and less prone to sharp market declines on the revenue front. So that’s how I’d address that question without giving any more guidance on the revenue side, Bill.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. Brendan, so firstly, I think we feel pretty good about where our effective fee rate is excluding performance fees and excluding Lexington at this point. I think we were just very slightly down in the quarter versus last quarter based on a mix shift into institutional, which is slightly lower fee business from retail. And that’s what’s going to really impact our fee rate versus necessarily larger fee cuts, for example, because we think we’re very much generally in line, maybe even a bit lower than industry average in certain areas that have been under the most pressure there. So I think we feel pretty good about where we’re at. Obviously, when we include Lexington into the mix, hopefully beginning into the second – well, I guess, it will be the third quarter when we report it. But obviously, that’s going to have an upward pressure on the – on that fee rate because their fee rate is much higher on their AUM. So in a way, we have – it creates a little bit more of a cushion for potential to increase the EFR a little bit based on bringing Lexington in. And then as we’ve said beforehand, with our strategy to continue to grow the alternatives business, if we continue to be successful in that regard assuming that the equity market is relatively stable, let’s say, and that we don’t suddenly have tremendously stronger flows than expected into institutional fixed income business, which is lower fees or money markets, for example, we feel pretty good about where the fee rate is and potentially with the growing alts business even a little bit of an increase from where we’re at today.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes, it would probably be April 1, just for accounting reasons, it’s so complicated to try to take something at the end of the – directly at the end of the quarter and having to include it all in that quarter when we report a couple a few weeks later. So we’re more likely than not – we think we’re on track, made very good progress to close around April 1.
Matthew Nicholls: It’s also, Rob, frankly, it’s a little bit of co-opetition, if you will, in the sense that this is such a giant space, and it’s just going to become larger and larger. So, our view of it is, even though we are investing ourselves significantly as Adam and Jenny mentioned, in the distribution of alternative assets under out directly. We think partnering with others that are focused specifically on different areas of what from a distribution, servicing technology perspective. It just further enhances our own investments internally and frankly, provides us with more opportunities across the business. So, that’s what we are most focused on, and we have really enjoyed our time with these companies, learning from them and hopefully then learning from us and they are getting generally more access.
Matthew Nicholls: Well, I think I will start, Jenny, and then – there you go. I think as we have described, Dan, before, per annum after you take into consideration the dividend that’s very important and then the share repurchases, which would always do enough to at least hedge our employee grants to level out the share count. After that, if you roughly look at the net income that we add to the firm, it’s over $1 billion. So, every year, that $1 billion, we look at that and say, okay, in addition to what we have got in our balance sheet today and the financial flexibility that we have and now the new revolver that we have, it provides significant flexibility for us to continue to add to alternative assets to wealth management and to our distribution strategies that we have talked about. And until we run out of those things to do to enhance and further diversify our business for our company, our shareholders and very importantly, our clients, obviously, because this is what they are demanding. We will continue to down that path. So, M&A opportunities to further diversify our business, expand what we have, invest importantly internally in our specialist investment managers and then we get to share repurchase after that. And obviously, the dividend is central to us. But we do have the capacity to do something meaningful every year in theory. What we have also said though is that if we – at some point, we will run out of those things to do, and we will be very comfortable with everything that we have from a business – overall business mix perspective. At that point, we will then think about accelerating share repurchases and increasing our dividend more significantly.
Matthew Nicholls: No, I think it’s based mostly on where we see the markets today at this point. And I think I have said before that we do have some additional levers to pull if we need to, given that, for example, wage inflation, competitive environment for talent, we are obviously extremely focused on that. Again, we think our compensation ratio is highly competitive. It shows that we are paying for what we need to pay for to get the best people at the firm and retain and attract and the rest of it. So, we are very focused on that, but we are more likely to use those levers at least in the next 12 months to ensure that we can continue to manage our expenses at the guidance we have given versus trying to come in much lower than that. But as we said, we certainly do have those levers to pull. Jenny mentioned earlier on about the TA outsourcing. The TA outsourcing itself, per se, is mostly about savings to the funds, which is terrific. The service is going to be tremendous, unique, as Jenny mentioned, as we have announced, but it also saves money for the funds. For us, it becomes about functions supporting the TA. And at some point in the next year, we will get to dig into all those things and see if we can be more efficient in other places. And that’s what I define as another lever internally.
Matthew Nicholls: I think it’s really across all of the ops. I mean Clarion is – and Benefits Street Partners have their own really meaningful opportunities. Clarion in the real estate arena, it has very strong performance, has really meaningful growth and an exciting pipeline and they fortunately are exposed to the areas that are experiencing the most significant growth. So for us, that’s tremendous. And same with Benefit Street Partners, the alternative credit area. We think that the potential to globalize that business and be larger in another geography is exciting for us. So, I think it’s those two things. And then we unfortunately can’t comment on Lexington’s fundraising processes or anything like that, we will be able to comment on that in our May make or after we have closed Lexington. But I will just say that everything is going very much to plan as it relates to Lexington and we are really excited to be closing that in April. And the guide that we gave on both revenue, which I think we said for – on an annualized basis, it would be $350 million for Lexington and on an EBITDA level around $150 million, we would continue to stick with that guide.
Matthew Nicholls: Thank you for the question. That’s actually already happened. So, our performance fee arrangement with Clarion with respect to pass-through fees, the pass-throughs are almost zero now.
Matthew Nicholls: And just back to performance fees a second. I think maybe one guide that could be helpful because I think in the past, we said 50-50, just the rough guide on comp to revenue, performance fee revenue. I would just update modeling to make that 55%. Because when we look at the mix of performance fees now, and we calculate where we think that’s heading and we think assuming 55% performance fees become compensation, I think is a better model than 50%.
Matthew Nicholls: Yes. I mean, we – firstly, we don’t – we certainly don’t think of that as a third rail, Rob. We have very open, great dialogue with all of our company and in fact, most of the leadership of the largest specialist investment managers or on our management committee or executive committee. So, we have very open discussions about these things and we are all in this together to be as efficient as we can. I would just – I would say that in terms of our focus internally, we have a long list of things and potential that we are working through. We have got enough potential from a cost synergy perspective outside of some of those larger specialist investment management components of the fund that you are talking about. Our focus with those aspects of the company is all about revenue and growth opportunities. And we do talk about expenses and we talk about – so for example, when we talk about the transformation, we talk about fund administration, we talk about other technology services across the company. It’s not just sort of a holding company FT discussion. It’s a discussion involving all the specialist investment managers. And we can see in future years, there will be absolutely obvious areas where we will collectively bring expenses down as the company. But we also are a conservative company. We are very methodical. It has to be one thing at a time. And frankly, we have got enough to get on with outside of what you are specifically referring to, and therefore, we are able to focus more on growth opportunities and revenue with the specialist investment managers, legacy Legg Mason.
Jenny Johnson: Yes. Thanks, Bill, so first of all, I can tell you, this is the passion within Franklin because of the excess returns that you’re seeing in the private markets. If you think about a company with Franklin’s history that started out because the average person couldn’t access the equity markets. And people came up with the idea, let’s consolidate so that the masses can get access to the excess returns in the equity markets. Well, that same thing exists today. There are half the number of public equities that there were in 2000, and there are 5x the number of backed private firms, equity firms than there were in 2000. And the differential – so first of all, from an active management, the disparity in returns between good managers and bad managers is dramatic. And number two, the returns over the public markets are significant, right? So we’ve to figure out as a society, we feel a calling to figure out how to bring these types of products responsibly to the mass market. And so when I say responsibly, it’s the running with scissors kind of scenario where the average investor needs access to their money and their savings because of a single event that happens in their life. And so they are tied up in a long-term private assets, that can be a problem. So we think there is interesting way to do that. And so when you ask, well, what’s the market opportunity, just take the four largest wire houses in the U.S. There are about $13 trillion in assets. They have somewhere depending on the firm, an average 4% to 5% in the off space. 1% increase by just those four wire houses, and we’ve talked to them, they’d like to increase their allocations somewhere between 10% and 12% is $130 billion added to the private markets. So it’s – we think that everybody feels the firms that we’ve talked to recognize the need to be able to do it, recognize the need to be able to come up with appropriate products to bring it to that channel. And the same phenomenon that exists in the U.S. exist in other markets with those disparity of returns. So we think that the – to answer your question, we think it’s very, very big.
Jenny Johnson: I’m going to just add one other thing. This is actually where we think it could be interesting. We’re looking at product development where you provide say, a BSP private credit, although WAMCO has some private credit book, private credit combined as an allocation within a closed-end fund with Western. So I mean this is where we think that having the breadth of capabilities really can bring some interesting products to the retail market.
Jenny Johnson: So first, thanks, Glenn for question. And you may recognize some of those stats on the growth of vault in the retail channel. So thank you for those. The – our – you just take our U.S. obviously, by far, our biggest channel. On the retail side, we’ve grown that gross sales by about 13% in the last year versus the industry of 7% to 10%, right? So obviously, in a place where we’re getting it right, we’re seeing good growth and much greater diversification of assets and – which has been – the one challenge we had historically is you had a couple of products that accounted for an outsized portion. Now it’s much more diverse. We’ve had positive flows in U.S. and EMEA. And then in places like Asia, we had some hiccups in some markets, which have held us down, but actually seeing the same kind of positive in certain markets, same kind of positive growth that we see in the U.S. and Europe. So we think we’re we have some places where we had vulnerability and still some lumpy redemptions. But overall, what we have intended to do, which is diversify our business from a product standpoint, from a geographic standpoint and from a client standpoint that we’re doing that well, we’re definitely seeing growth above the industry. So I’ll put that there. And then on the fixed income side, look, a couple of things, so first of all, we have multiple franchises in the fixed income, which have different views, honestly, on things like inflation and rates and actually had low correlation of where their alpha comes from. So that’s a good news, right? Again, that diversification is really important. And then if you think about fixed income, look, rising rate environment is actually good for active management on the fixed income side, and that’s because you get, say, spread assets tend to outperform when rates go up. You have things like private credit, direct lending, leveraged loans. All of those things tend to be a place where you can get better returns. So the story on fixed become is not just duration. And we think with the capabilities that we have, we’re well poised for where portfolios have to allocate to fixed income. Not to mention that there is a bunch of cash sitting on the sidelines that when rates go up, you think you’ll be able to coke some of that back into the fixed income market. So we don’t think the story is just rates are going to go up and anybody who has a large fixed income franchise is going to be hurting from it. We actually think there is some real positive story there.
Jenny Johnson: Sorry, just to add to that. This TA conversion this month is really significant in the sense that for the first time, we’re able to do exchanges. And there are some big firms that have just said, if you’re unable to do exchanges, we can’t add those other products on the platform. So while we’ve seen some improvement in cross-selling of advisers who used to be either just Legg Mason or Franklin, we should – the real improvement should be happening now that Adam and team are doing their job.
Jenny Johnson: Yes. You just take case, right. So, what is case-to-case offers to streamline for the retail, anybody who has invested in private assets to know what a nightmare it is to have to deal with all the forms and signing up for these things. And so case tried to streamline that, making it much easier for an advisor to give his clients access to the alternative platform. If you are an investor, you have the ability to have the conversation about where you are and what gets showcased and gives you more of a pull position to be able to showcase your products. It doesn’t mean that they are going to be closed architecture. But again, shelf space and shelf businessing is always very important. So, that’s partly how we think about the fintech investments that we do.
Jenny Johnson: And let me just add one thing on that. Again, we have talked about the opportunity in the retail space for alternatives. I mean we feel incredibly fortunate to have the properties that we have with the outstanding performance that they have. You just look at Clarion and you look at some of the competitors in the retail space and assets coming in and Clarion’s performance competes head-to-head, no problem in that space. We have a tremendous reputation in the retail space. The challenge there is it’s actually really hard because there is a whole education process that happens with any kind of manager. So, that takes some time to be able to bring an alternatives capability in the retail. But to have the types of products that we have and the distribution capability, we are focused on solving kind of that education component of it. And then I would just say that if you are going to bring private equity to the retail space, secondaries, we think is a better way to do it because you don’t have the J curve issue that you have in the institutional space there. And so Lexington, we think is just a great opportunity. So, you have the products, you have the reputation and now it’s just figuring out how to sell it. So, that’s kind of the final component.
Jenny Johnson: Great. Well, thank you, everybody, for participating in today’s call. We have made a lot of exciting progress. And in so many ways, I can tell you, we just feel like we are getting started. So once again, we would like to thank our employees for their hard work and remaining absolutely focused on our clients and on each other. And we look forward to speaking to all of you again next quarter. So, thank you, everybody, and stay healthy.
