Greg Johnson: Hello and thank you for joining Ken Lewis, our CFO and myself for this quarter's conference call. Financial results and relative investment performance remained solid. The institutional business had one of its best flow quarters and fiduciaries secured one of its largest new wealth management relationships in firm's history. Although net flows were weaker, retail clients showed an increased interest in key products within our U.S. equity tax-free fixed income and global bond franchises. Now, at this time, I would like to open it up for questions.
Greg Johnson: Right, I think, we felt like it is certainly worth discussing. We did not try to go back and quantify because of the difficulty with omnibus, but what happened with the Templeton Global Bond funds is we had a $0.60 special dividend rate at year end and there is not a warning for that kind of a currency dividend and it kind of got the market a little bit off guard and we saw a real spike in redemptions. Also, it's hard to quantify, because many of the omnibus accounts track that as a redemption and then reinvest it. We think it is somewhere in the $1 billion range potential overstatement of redemptions, but we didn't want to adjust any numbers. We just kind of went the number that we had, but we know that that December number is higher and as we have said January is a more normalized redemption rate.
Greg Johnson: I think, obviously, that is something that all of our portfolio managers monitoring and take very seriously looking at liquidity and cash and I think we just felt like some of the coverage, looking at fixed income fund like an equity fund and trying to look at the turnover and extrapolate that for liquidity doesn't really give you the whole picture, so I think the combination of the high cash positions along with the very low duration and maturities of securities that happened within a very short period in the fund, those two factors alone and then sometimes the flexibility of working directly with Central banks and selling positions creates liquidity that is not always measured, so there's many sources of liquidity that I feel like that area is probably one of the best as far as the liquidity, but it continues I think because of the nature of some of the holdings and a 2.2% position in Ukraine gets a lot of focus with the headlines right now. I think they feel comfortable, the team, and I think we feel pretty comfortable with liquidity there.
Greg Johnson: I think there are pockets of the strong even on a shorter term basis and some of the Franklin funds, Franklin growth fund, another fund that we started a few years back, our focused equity fund was doing very well, so that is kind of gaining traction. I think, looking at the short-term relative underperformance. There is no question that the strong U.S. dollar has taken its toll certainly on Templeton that has a longer term approach and doesn't hedge against the dollar, so this kind of unprecedented move does create headwinds for certainly that area. The other big one that moved just slightly into the bottom, the third quartile would be the Franklin income fund. Again, very consistent with how those funds run with high yield bonds some of the volatility during the quarter in that area. Then also, high yield bonds tend to have a larger percentage in energy and oil that had an impact as well, so that is just slight in the third and does have a big short-term effect on our numbers and it is nothing unusual there. I think, some of the good stories in areas of continued growth, the Franklin, the India fund, which is in our SICAV, had a very strong quarter in-flows and that is up I think about 45% for the year, so that continues to do well. Then the institutional opportunities, I think we fell like the pipeline is as strong as ever in categories still, global equities, emerging markets debt and we continue to see opportunity for growth there. Tax-free has come back to slightly positive flows for the quarter and it has take while to get there, but again we think that that is well positioned and has good relative performance to hopefully get some organic growth.
Greg Johnson: I think it is hard just to look at one area and say that is going to drive organic growth like global bonds or like Templeton had. I think they are all hopefully, we would like to see is a very diversified organic growth with all those areas and I still think the strength around the hybrid area, the balanced area still continues to be good grower and good potential for organic growth. The tax-free has had a tough run, but there is no reason why in a stable rate environment, we can't get growth back there. If you look at the global bond, I would still argue that the performance continues to be very consistent. It is an alternative category. While it is the 800 pound gorilla in its category, it still has very low penetration for the average retail owner. I think in a sideways, with auto market, that stands out as a very good alternative. You look at one area for us just this year, which shows I think the strength of our distribution and product line and where opportunities we didn't talk about a year ago, but with the yen devaluation in Japan, we have seen our global bond funds really take off in that market and that is at the very early stages. We are just this quarter we had over $1.3 billion in flows into global bond and that's a new channel for us. I think it is hard just to call out any one area. The K2 fund continues to grow. We think that is a nice one and the alternatives we just kicked it up in the cross-border area and we are getting a lot of interest there. As we talked about the institutional initiative, I mean, if organic gets somewhat lost in the numbers, but $4 billion in-flows coming outside of the U.S. into institutional net is again a very significant growth number that we think is getting better and better, so that would be a few.
Greg Johnson: We do target organic growth rates, but I mean at the end of the day, you look at where the opportunities are with the specific products in different markets and position, and $50 billion in gross sales a quarter is a pretty strong accomplishment for a distribution, but when redemptions, the pressures of volatility and movement, even in this last quarter there were a lot of our European growth funds, which tends to attract a little bit faster money and added $1.2 billion in net redemptions, which put a lot of pressure on the equity flows. Then you look our Asia growth fund and another one that reversed from a positive quarter to a negative, which was about $1 billion difference quarter-over-quarter, so you hope you can reduce those and get back to steady, but I think its volatility in specific pockets and a lot of headwinds, certainly with currencies in emerging markets, those create pressure and make it just harder to get that organic growth. I think it is difficult to sit here and say, well, this is where it is going to happen or not. I think, again, the focus is going to be on delivering performance, consistent returns. Then hopefully the rest takes care of itself. I know that is [ph] exactly answering the question. As I said before, a more diversified mix and strong performance is really what we can control and hopefully that organic growth takes care of itself.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think it is like any business. You want to make sure you watch carefully the risks in the larger portfolios and where assets are concentrated. I think, we do a pretty good job. Also, whether you would consider closing something that is more related to investment performance and liquidity than it would be to the risk to Franklin Templeton, but I think we do have still a very well diversified asset base. If you look at every category, where we have investment management, I would still put it up there against anybody in the industry, so I think like any business you make sure you watch carefully those larger concentrations with assets, and I think we do a pretty good job of that. I think from a growth standpoint, it still has potential to grow, because sovereign debt is large and getting larger.
Greg Johnson: Yes. I think the press, it is a little bit different. Our mix in certainly Europe and Asia versus the U.S. and the big drivers for us, tend to be that Asia growth fund, which is sold in all over Europe as well as Asia. You do tend to see more volatility in both gross and redemptions and that is more of a sector-oriented norm, more the platform-driven model and that is really what has put a lot of pressure on the global equity outflows for the quarter, where you had volatility in the currencies as well as emerging markets, they are having a relatively weak quarter against the rest. Europe, obviously, it was, a lot of money moving into it a quarter or two ago and now it seems to be the reverse and probably the same in Asia, but the good news again is that when those markets rebound you will see the sentiment change. I think for the U.S. it is more of a steady state for us and I think the challenge has been, more recently we had a strong rebound in Templeton performance, but again the value approach, the overweighting in Europe and the exposure to the U.S. dollar is going to create some retail headwinds for us in the near-term, but you just have never seen this kind of markets where the S&P has had such strength against the MSCI. I think for the year, what was about 13%, 14% return for the S&P versus 3% for the rest of the world and minus 5 for emerging markets, so that I think tells a little bit of the story right there.
Greg Johnson: Right. I mean, the only maybe unusual thing would be that we had less performance fees. I think that was the delta quarter-to-quarter was maybe like $10 million less of performance fees.
Greg Johnson: …so you factor that in, but excluding that, asset under management mix shifts relatively away from global equity to U.S. in percentage terms or relative terms than you are going to see that decline, so it is really a factor of assets under management shift, then maybe also but to a lesser degree, the mix between retail and institutional.
Greg Johnson: We have seen that. Yes. We have seen that last couple of quarters, so that is reflected in the decrease in the effective fee rate.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think you have kind a hit on the big changes. For us, going after open architecture target dates is kind of a difficult road, because there is really limited access to do that. I think what has happened part of the reason why U.S. domestic equity and large cap and traditional core funds continues to struggle. As a standalone fund, it is just hard to get access and you are going to have to get access through a target date fund. In the past, you could get on the platform as a standalone independent fund. Today that is very difficult, so target date, especially where you have proprietary client contribution plans continue to be I think I am appropriate way for individuals to get a better diversified portfolio that changes over time. For us, I think the net effect is that you have more specialized funds, which are still accessible or still in demand on those platforms, but it is just going to be harder and harder to get say the Franklin growth fund get distribution in a DCIO plan versus other types of products that could be a small cap or could be a global bond ones that are viewed as separate from the core holdings. I think that the net effect, I mean, DCIO is still very attractive channel of growth for us certainly versus defined benefit. We put a lot of resources into it and we have seen incremental growth there, but I think the target date area is just hard for an independent asset manager do well versus people that have the proprietary plans.
Greg Johnson: I think as I have mentioned, I mean it is just this kind of strength of the dollar has created headwinds for Templeton and then Europe more recently, so I think we are always looking at ways to strengthen the process and diversify and look at risks. Those are the things that we are doing, but as I said earlier what are you focused on, you are focused on investment performance delivering long-term results and that is really what we are trying to do there, but I think we are more sensitive now to the difficulties and just one factor, which has been the strong dollar and looking at whether or not you would hedge those or kind of things you can do going forward. Those are the kind of things we are going to look at, but as we have seen in the past the short-term numbers can turn pretty quickly and general consensus is the dollar continues to run, but who knows. I mean that can turn too and that all of a sudden short-term relative performance looks fine, but I would agree with your assessment, that is an area where we have lost share and one that we are very focused on right now.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Again, I just do not really look at, we study the market share numbers and I just do not have that in front of me what the gross sales for the global equity looks likes over time.
Greg Johnson: I think it is revenue story as much as it is an expense story. We have seen assets under management level declined last two quarters. That is eventually going to reflect itself in the growth rate of revenue year-over-year. When we have some flexibility on expense side, and we will react to that, so it is really challenging to say what the margins will be the same or different from year-over-year. I think the best guidance I can give you is to look back to see what happened in 2008, 2009, 2010, and some of the actions we took back then to see what flexibility we have.
Greg Johnson: Well, I think the fixed-income picture, while there is certainly a consensus that rates are going up, the other consensus is not within the next year, so fixed-income has performed extremely well and those with the longer duration have done even better. Then you have had a little bit of dislocation in the marketplace as we know and that created some movement. I am sure there is one firm that is not enjoying large fixed-income flows right now. That has resulted in some other ones having very strong in-flows. I think, we have very strong funds in those areas, we have seen growth not to the level that the other more institutional-oriented players that matchup take a little bit better as far as what the consultants are going to drive and we are getting some of that opportunity, but probably not to the level of a couple of others. I still think that is a good opportunity for us and one that, again, we have seen incremental growth and positive flows, but I think not to the level that the couple of other names have and that is really what you are speaking to and I would still think that I would put that in the list of still a growth opportunities for us, we have funds, we have strong records in that area and sometime it just get pushing up between the two or three more obvious names there institutional markets.
Greg Johnson: Okay. Well, thank you everybody for participating on the call and we will look forward to speaking next quarter. Thanks.
Ken Lewis: Sure. The 2% is our estimate of the absolute reported number, which includes the Darby. Other revenue, we are forecasting that to be lower, because basically because of the bank no longer have that banking business, but the other items that is unpredictable that goes through that line relates to consolidated SIPs. Excluding that, we do think the run rate for other revenue is going to be lower going forward. On shareholder servicing, we think that this is probably about a good run rate for shareholder servicing going forward.
Ken Lewis: Sure. Very robust discussion, at the Board Meeting in December, dividend is very much a Board decision. One of the factors that they looked at they felt like it was appropriate to target returning 50% of current year's earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. They looked back at 2014, they saw that we that goal, so that was a key influencer on doing a special and the size of the special dividend. Essentially, as I mentioned in the pre-recorded remarks, I am targeting 100% of the U.S. cash flow seem like a reasonable objective at that time and that was factored into their decision.
Ken Lewis: I think, history can show you that, we have a fair amount of flexibility and controlling the expenses and certainly with revenue levels where they are, it is something that is top of mind so we are talking about that I think you will see the expense levels that or you see the expense growth start to level out going out a few quarters as we tapped the brakes on expenses, but that does take a little bit of time to work through the system too, but certainly we are thinking about going back on the expenses.
Ken Lewis: Sure. Greg, just talk about the S&P up last year, and the board have the benefit of hindsight looking back and seeing that the share repurchases were not maybe at levels they were previously. Since we are opportunistic that was clearly understood and justified in their minds, so they said this would be a good way to top that up and meet our objectives. Going forward, it does not change really our strategy going forward in any material way, so we will continue to be opportunistic in share repurchases. If there is a significant pullback in the market, we will step it up and vice versa, so that will continue. Regarding the debt, the other thing that is kind of in the back of folk people's minds is, the whole discussion about tax reform and there is recent news and talk about a potential building introduced regarding repatriation for infrastructure, so we are keeping an eye on that and that may change the view of the board and the view of management in terms of share repurchases or dividends, so we will wait and see on that. In terms of the debt, you are right. I do not think there will be any significant change in our overall debt position, which I guess implies that we are leaning toward refinancing it, but that decision has not been made yet. We will probably talk more about that next quarter.
Ken Lewis: Yes. I think there are some absolute some truth to that, and I think certainly and that is why we debate even health advisers place it in the portfolios to say, this is part of their fixed income and it is almost we would argue it should be an alternative or global macro or something other, because the duration exposure is so low and it is part of the redemptions that we saw when rates rose earlier was exactly that that people to say we were going to lower exposure to fixed income, so you do a risk there. I also think that the market will differentiate fixed income once you have a real rising rate environment and you look at returns and this will stand out something that holds up very well in a rising rate environment. I think that will be the bigger driver over time. If you do well in the rising rate environment, there is not going to be many places to go and hopefully that is where you get some attention and growth.
