Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year, which demonstrate our ability to continue to drive profitable growth in a volatile and fast-changing market environment. For the full year, we once again increased market share, drove double-digit EPS growth and strong free cash flow and delivered value for our shareholders. David will provide more detail on both the quarter and the year in a moment, but here are a few highlights for the full year. We delivered new bookings of $33.3 billion, an all-time high and near the top of our guided range. We generated revenues of $28.6 billion, a 4% increase in local currency. Fourth quarter revenues of $7.1 billion were above our guided range, and we were pleased with our double-digit growth in Health & Public Service and improved performance in both Resources and Communications, Media & Technology. We delivered earnings per share of $4.93. After adjusting to exclude tax and reorganization benefits in the second and third quarters, earnings per share for the year were $4.21, a 10% increase. We grew operating income and delivered operating margin of 15.2% for the year. After adjusting to exclude the reorganization benefits, we delivered operating margin of 14.2%, a 30 basis point expansion for the year, which was in line with our expectations. We generated free cash flow of $2.9 billion, slightly above our guided range, and we continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the year with a cash balance of $5.6 billion. We continue to return cash to shareholders with $3.7 billion in share repurchases and dividend payments during the year. And we just announced a semiannual cash dividend of $0.93 per share, which is a 15% increase over our prior dividend. In fiscal year '13, we, again, benefited from the diversity of our business, from an industry capability and geographic standpoint and made significant investments to position us well for the future. Now let me hand over to David. David, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Just to add, I must say I like the way you've been framing that, Rod, which is indeed I think the demand is I would characterize it as stable with some pockets of improvement here and there. And by and large, we're pleased with our pipeline and the way it's shaping. And -- but the overall demand I would characterize as stable plus, if you will.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Thanks, Tien-tsin, for the question. But indeed, we are executing our strategy against what we always shared with you from an acquisition standpoint. Our strategy in term of acquisition and the finance trajectory was to deploy at around 15% of our free cash flow around acquisition. And we've always been clear that it might be a little bit more or a little bit less depending on the opportunities in the marketplace and how attractive they might be for us to invest for the future. It happened that this year indeed, we found pretty attractive opportunities in the marketplace and we deployed in the range of $800 million. So this is consistent with our strategy. And indeed, moving forward, we will continue to execute these targeted strategic acquisitions, deploying around 50% of our free cash flow. We have the cash to deploy a little bit more. And of course, we're going to look at a good opportunity for us and for our shareholders to invest wisely.
Pierre Nanterme: No. I mean, the simple answer is going to be no. I mean, we do not expect any impact on our business.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, again, and maybe you're going to hear a lot of that word in our answers is stable. I think we are -- I don't think we've seen any change. We are in a very competitive market. We are competing against all the classic incumbent, the companies from India, and you know that very well. I don't think there's been any change from a pricing standpoint. I would probably say that pricing is stable on balance. So again, no material change in that front. So we are in a very competitive market. And for us -- again, the name of the game is to concentrate on us, on Accenture, and to make the company more competitive to, as David mentioned before, to win in the marketplace, I think winning more than our fair share and gaining market share, and this is what happened in fiscal year '13. It's competitive and we're fighting to win.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I'm going to pick up, of course, Europe, I guess. Overall, my assessment on the situation is Europe is stable with hopefully, early sign of improvement. But you know the overall economic condition, probably all Europe been moving from a slight recession to a slight growth, but more or less -- being more or less the same plus. And indeed, what we've seen in Q4, but we will need to wait for Q1 to see whether it's going to be sustainable, is improvement in our growth in Europe and especially in countries -- important countries such as Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and France. And indeed, I mentioned our recent win that we announced this morning with Telenor, another European company. I mentioned Vodafone, again, a very well-known European company. So I will not declare a victory in Europe given the complexity of that continent until the challenges which are not being dealt with in terms of sovereign debt, growth, competitiveness. But definitely, Europe sounds more stable with early signs of improvement.
Pierre Nanterme: I would say not necessarily. I mean, some ERP sales have come up -- are lumpy. It happened that we had a few this quarter. Overall, as we stated before, still continue strong demand for outsourcing and BPO because many of the European companies are still focusing on improving their competitiveness and addressing their productivity and cost efficiency and lower growth, if you will, in consulting. So pretty similar to the patterns we already highlighted prior in the year.
Pierre Nanterme: I will not mention a direct correlation between the cloud and ERP. When you look at ERP, fact of the matter is we've been through a cycle of very strong activity around ERP these last years and been a kind of wave. The reality is, and probably given the overall economic conditions and some softness in the investment from our clients, this recent cycle has been of lower growth around ERP. Now that being said, it's not true across the board. It's not true across all the industries. And it's not true all the geographies. That's why I will not mention any secular trend around the end of the era of ERP because there's going to be a new era of the cloud. Again, we've seen strong ERP activities in some of our verticals because there will always be a need for a very strong backbone to run your operation from a finance standpoint and from an HR standpoint, from a procurement standpoint and from a supply chain standpoint. That is going to move from one country to another and from one industry to another, and I think this is what it is. I would say that that's more cyclical than secular.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, so let me comment on Japan. So just starting by saying that I'm pleased with the overall performance of the...
Pierre Nanterme: About Japan, oh sorry, sorry. So okay, Japan. When you look at Japan, indeed, we mentioned last quarter that we were challenged with the EHT activity in Japan. And again, it's more or less the same. We're working hard in Japan. And I'm pleased to report that we have some recent bookings that are giving us more optimism that Japan might turn the corner and get back to the kind of growth we might expect from that country. Now probably Japan is not totally out of the woods. We are still challenged, especially in the vertical you're mentioning. But it's interesting to see that this is exactly, in that vertical, that we're starting to see some opportunities in some of our recent bookings. So not yet there, but clearly sign of improvements.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, let me pick that one at the macro level, if you will. I think for HPS and Financial Services, I don't think there is, again, something structural. I think here we have some very, I would say, classic and cyclical situation. The 2 verticals have been doing very well, of course, on the back of some strong and large program, which is very typical at Accenture. It happened that some of these large program are naturally coming to an end, and they need to be replenished, and that's happening on a regular basis in our business. It happened that for both HPS and Financial Services, we have this impact in Q1. And so we mentioned this moderation of the growth. But in both of those 3 verticals, health, public sector and Financial Services, we are pleased with the level of pipeline as we can see it, and we are confident they're going to build again moving forward in the next part of the year.
Pierre Nanterme: I will comment overall on the BPO and let David commenting on the rest. BPO is doing very well, and we are doing very well in BPO. So I'm pleased to have the opportunity to acknowledge our people and our leader driving the BPO business. I mean, why -- I mean, first, there is a natural demand on BPO for the reason [ph] of cost management, productivity and efficiency and of course, business process outsourcing is a good response. But what's different with the BPO at Accenture? We invested a lot in BPO, first, and invested to create innovative services with a lot of analytics inside, what we're calling BPO Generation 4 or 5. But forget about the generation. Just to mention that we are investing in bringing more capabilities and more innovation out of our BPO. So there is a strong demand. We have differentiated solutions and services. And indeed, we invested as well through our acquisitions, as I mentioned before, because we believe it's a very good solution for our clients. So very pleased with where we are with BPO, and we believe there is a sustainable pattern here.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and to build on that and we're just looking at the numbers, if you look in the prior '08, the global economic growth has been in the range of 5%-ish. If you look at these last couple of years, the global economic growth has been in the range of 2%-ish. And at the end of the day, the addressable market is somewhat correlated to the global economic growth. I mean, that's a kind of natural correlation at some point in time. So the reality is that today, we're in a world growing at 2%. And as mentioned by David, the addressable market, the way we define, has been growing in that range. So we are executing against our commitment, which is anyway to grow more than the market and then deliver value to our clients and shareholders. But the world has changed.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely. What we like so much is the differentiation, the positioning and the future growth they're going to bring to Accenture. And first, if you want to buy good companies, you need to pay for it. This is as simple as this. You do not have so many good companies in the marketplace, so you need to prepare to pay for the quality. And second, we are concentrating our acquisitions in companies with differentiated assets, and not only with people and companies where you will find differentiated assets and solution and so proprietary IP, you have a multiple which is higher than the pure people-based kind of company. So we're always very thoughtful that we are paying the right price, that we are looking to pay the right price for right quality as well and the companies we acquired are very good in the context of BPO, in the context of Digital Marketing. You know the names. And we are very pleased with the returns so far, and we believe that indeed, they are bringing differentiated solution and assets that's going to position very well Accenture for the future.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, we're managing a highly diverse portfolio of business. So of course, ERPs are important, and they are important for all the industry. It's the backbone of a lot of things our clients are doing in IT to build system and then in driving maintenance and so forth. But again, we are a very highly diversified company. We are doing ERP, and we are doing a lot of other things in our portfolio of business. I'm thinking about what I'm mentioning in Digital Marketing, in mobility, the way I studied around mobile wallet; look at analytics, which is a growing part of our business as well; cloud-related activities; and I can mention many other activities. So yes, ERP are important. And yes, we are not dependent only on ERP given our diversified portfolio of business.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, frankly, the one with the highest volatility and probably caught us by surprise to be honest will be Brazil. We had a very strong growth over many years. Brazil was, as you all know, a place where many of our clients have been investing for quite a long time. And what happened in Brazil probably caught our clients and ourselves a little bit by surprise with what's happened now. Brazil is going to come back because when you look at the fundamentals of Brazil, they are still very strong. They have the population. They have the middle class. They have as well natural resources. So the fundamentals are there. They just need probably to get to some level of consolidation, put our act together from a political and economical standpoint and then the growth will come back in Brazil. For the rest, frankly, I'm very pleased with one country which is very important for Accenture but going to be extremely important for the future is China. I mean, China is going to be the second largest economy in the world. We all know how strong is China. And frankly, double-digit growth in China these last quarters, not to mention these last couple of years, I'm extremely pleased with what's happening. So for the rest, we might see a little bit more maybe volatility, if you will, in countries such as South Africa. I think it might happen in countries such as Russia as well for all sorts of reasons we might all understand. But what's important for us is to have some critical anchor countries where we're putting some significant level of investment, leadership and attention. And for us, clearly, China is extremely important for the future of Accenture.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, good question because clearly in the mature markets today, you have a bias towards cost productivity, still efficiency for all sorts of reason we know, low economic growth. So a company to be more competitive, you need to be extremely mindful regarding your costs. And so you have this consequence around outsourcing and BPO being more in demand at consulting in that cycle. If you move to the emerging markets, they're still in an environment where you need to build capabilities. And it's not a surprise that we see some ERP work or build work or consulting work, for instance, in countries such as China, where you will see probably more consulting than outsourcing in countries such as China. So it's probably fair indeed, David, to call that in emerging markets, it's going to be more skewed towards consulting versus outsourcing and in mature markets, it's going to be the other way around. Again, that's why I couldn't be more pleased, if you will, with the diversified portfolio of business because at the end of the day, we have the opportunity to balance our portfolio from a consulting to outsourcing standpoint, from mature to emerging market from multiple industry standpoint. And I think this is a recipe to make Accenture resilient in the cycle. All right. I mean, thank you for joining us today. Really appreciated all the questions. As we enter fiscal year '14, I'm confident in our ability to drive profitable growth and deliver our business outlook for the year. Accenture remains uniquely positioned in the marketplace. We are the partner of choice in executing the transformation agendas of our clients. We are delivering very well against our strategy, and we are making the right investments to capture new opportunities for growth. And we remain focused on continuing to gain market share and delivering value for our clients and our shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst Conference in New York, where you will hear directly from many of our leaders about our strategy for differentiation and how we're competing to win. In the meantime, if you have any question, please feel free to call KC. All the best.
David P. Rowland: Rod, I'll start with a few comments, and then I'm sure Pierre will have a few things to add. In terms of the demand environment, one key measure we look at is our opportunity pipeline. And we saw -- have seen good expansion in our opportunity pipeline across most aspects of our business over the last 90 days during the fourth quarter. And that is indicative of the level of client discussions that are taking place and the way our services and offerings are resonating in the marketplace. So we do feel good about our pipeline. And we think it's well positioned for what it needs to be to support the revenue range next year. As it relates to the bookings, the bookings -- we triangulate with our revenue growth based on what we believe we need from a book-to-bill standpoint, our conversion assumptions, et cetera. And we believe that the book-to-bill range that we guided to will support the revenue. On the consulting side, while we feel good about our pipeline overall, at this point in time, it is a little bit more early stage. And for that reason, we see quarter 1 consulting bookings being been pretty consistent with what we've seen the last 2 quarters, but yet we feel very good about the pipeline overall. It just has that early-stage characteristic at this point in time.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Rod, in terms of the breakout, we are -- we believe outsourcing will be in the mid to high single-digit positive. On the consulting side, anchoring to the 2% to 6% range, we see that on the low end as being flattish to low single-digit positive. And in terms of the revenue phasing, we do see our revenue building as we go through the year, coming off the range that we guided to for quarter 1 and then building from there. There are a couple of our operating groups in particular that for different circumstances are going to have lower growth in quarter 1, Financial Services being one and Health & Public Service being the other. I believe I called both of those out in the script. But yet, those are 2 operating groups that we feel very good about the positioning of the business, the pipeline, their contracted revenues. And we're very optimistic that their growth will be much stronger as they progress through the year.
David P. Rowland: Yes, I think, Tien-tsin, you know -- again, I think you hit the nail on the head again. It's -- the situation we find ourselves in quarter 1 is that we do have this cycle, this short-term cycle that H&PS and FS are going through, whereas prior to quarter 4, they were contributing at a very high rate relative to our overall growth. We also have resources in CMT which improved in the fourth quarter, and we feel good about how those businesses are moving along to return to positive growth. We think both of those operating groups will be positive for the year. But yet as we look at quarter 1, they are still very much working their way back up to where they want the business to be and where we want the business to be. So really, quarter 1 is just a reflection of H&PS and FS going through this period of lower growth, and then given some allowance for the fact that CMT and Resources are continuing to build, but we've got a little ways to go.
David P. Rowland: Yes, Tien-tsin, I'll just comment briefly. In terms of the contribution to the top line, it's still roughly in that 1% range. And I'll pass it over to Pierre, and he will certainly want to add some thoughts on acquisitions in general.
David P. Rowland: Yes, I'll make a few comments on that, and Pierre may want to make some comments as well. But in terms of this whole conversion point, interestingly, we did see slightly better conversion in the fourth quarter than we expected, and that contributed to the revenue growth, the uptick in consulting revenue growth in the quarter. It's interesting to point out that, that was not because of an uptick in the smaller deals. The smaller deals were relatively stable from a volume standpoint. And for the market that is there, we feel like we're winning our fair share. But we really aren't seeing any uptick at least in the fourth quarter in the smaller deals. So it was really a situation where the deals in the $10 million to $50 million range, the characteristics of those deals were such that they just converted faster in the quarter. And that is everything from the timing of when the contracts were signed in the quarter to how quickly we were able to staff the jobs and get into revenue generation mode to also just the characteristics of the work we sold. And so we continue to watch this conversion very carefully. We think we've accounted for that appropriately in our FY '14 guidance.
David P. Rowland: Yes, I would -- so we hired about 60,000 people this past year. We had our normal higher level of new hires hitting the books, so to speak, in the fourth quarter. We will hire, let me say, at least 50,000 people in fiscal '14. Supply management is a top priority for us always. I think we are very effective in terms of managing the supply-demand equation. And we will adjust the hiring as we need to as we progress through the year to meet demand and continue to operate at very high utilization levels.
David P. Rowland: Yes, in terms of the range being wider, it really doesn't have anything to do with confidence as much as it does -- as much as it reflects the process that we go through every year to look at the size of our range as our business grows and as our business gets just more complex. And so we have that -- this discussion annually. There have actually been a few years in the past where we considered expanding to 4 percentage points. But this year, finally, as our business has gotten to the size that we are and as we are complex across so many different industries, geographies, et cetera, that range, we think, serves the business, and really our shareholders, the best in terms of giving good transparency to where we think we can land. In terms of how we think about either end of the range, I think I would describe that in the context of our 5 operating groups. What we see broadly as you look at the year is we see H&PS and Financial Services, as I said earlier, starting the year with lower growth but then building through the year to having very strong growth as they progress through the year. We see products continuing to produce at very good levels on a stable basis. And we see Resources and CMT continuing to build -- to be positive growth overall for our fiscal '14. Now where we land in that range of 2% to 6% is going to depend on the degree to which each of those things happens. But that is our model in terms of how we would rack and stack the operating groups and how we view their growth trajectory for the year.
David P. Rowland: Well, again, I think we are influenced by what we have seen really for the last 4 or 5 quarters now in the consulting space. And we were pleased with what we saw in quarter 4. But yet, one quarter doesn't make a trend. So -- in many ways, it's been -- it's more of the same. We see some green shoots. We see some areas of potential strength. We see a pipeline. But yet, the market environment is such that it has not yet translated itself into a sustained upward trajectory of growth. And so when we see that, we'll call it as we see it. But at this point, we need to string together a couple of three quarters of seeing that before we could declare that as a trend and then factor that into our guidance.
David P. Rowland: Yes, and we really haven't seen any structural change in the book-to-bill ratios or the conversion rates. I mean, we do have -- I guess to Pierre's point, we do increasingly integrate a lot of classic consulting type services with these BPO offerings, and that's a key point of distinction for us. But yet, we really haven't seen any structural change overall in the book-to-bill's conversion rates, et cetera.
David P. Rowland: Yes, I don't -- there really hasn't been any change. And if anything, through the years, our DSOs, at least until recently, they've been pretty steady at the current levels. But through the years, if you think about where we were originally as a public company and where we are now, our DSOs have actually gotten progressively better. So frankly, I'll have to give some thought to your question and look at that. But I can't -- I certainly couldn't put my finger on any structural change as you're implying, but I can give that some thought.
David P. Rowland: Well, I think that the -- as I had mentioned in some of my comments, where we find ourselves right now is that we have been in a, certainly, in a 4 to 5 period -- 4 to 5 quarter period of just lower growth in our addressable market. And I mean, not to get into this too deeply, but when we talk about our addressable market, and it's the same approach we take for looking at market share, as we take this very fragmented market space that we're in, and we've chosen carefully, thoughtfully 40-some-odd companies that we think represent really the market that we're in. And we track the actual growth of that market defined in that way, and then we look at our performance against that. And if you look at that market, the addressable market as we describe it, that market has grown 2% to 2.5% probably on average if you go over the last 4 to 5 quarters. And what we're in right now is no different than cycles that we've been in -- many other cycles, where when you hit a period of low growth in our addressable market, even though we take share, the math is such that even taking share, our growth is going to be lower. And I think what you and we think about is how much the market will grow when we come out of the cycle. And then of course, when it returns to stronger growth, we'll continue to do what we do, which is take share in a stronger market.
