Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We had a strong first quarter, and I’m very pleased with our results and the continuing momentum in our business. Our revenue growth was again broad-based across the different dimensions of our business, including double-digit local currency growth in three of our five operating groups, and in North America and Europe, our two largest geographic regions. I’m particularly pleased with our results in digital-related services, where we delivered very strong revenue growth of more than 20%. Here are a few highlights for the quarter. We delivered $7.7 billion in new bookings, which were in line with our expectations. We grew revenues 10% in local currency, gaining significant market share. We expanded operating margin 20 basis points to 15.2%. We delivered earnings per share of $1.28 which includes a negative impact of $0.07 from a higher tax rate in the quarter. We generated solid free cash flow of $517 million. And we returned approximately $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semiannual dividend. So, we hope to have a good start in fiscal year ‘16. And given our strong performance, we have raised our outlook for revenue growth for the full year. Now, let me handover to David. David, over to you. 
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, just to add on this and as well answer to Bryan. I feel extremely comfortable with where we are, with outsourcing and consulting business. The uptick on outsourcing is lower because consulting is doing extremely well and that is why we have the results we are. And it’s all our ability indeed to take advantage of any move or shift of the budget of our clients from indeed outsourcing type of work to consulting investments. And this is exactly the opportunity we are taking to grow. And if you look at our rotation to digital and to the new, the part of the consulting business in this rotation is more important than the outsourcing part of it. So, it’s explaining that consulting is back with a strong growth and we are pleased with the growth we have in outsourcing. So from my standpoint, I have zero concern.
Pierre Nanterme: Answer is yes. Indeed our acquisitions are creating more impact in our revenue growth in consulting compared to outsourcing. So, it is another driver explaining the difference between both businesses.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. So, I’m going to get the first part of the answer. And I’m delighted with the growth of our digital-related services over 20%; this is exactly the zone where we expect our digital-related services to grow. As you said, fiscal 015 posted some extraordinary growth and beyond our expectations, if you will. And so, we are now planning our investments and the growth of digital-related services to be in that category of growth. And we are very pleased with that. It doesn’t signal any form of slowdown. I mean we’re growing on back of big numbers. If you remember, last year, our digital-related services that do represent $7 billion, what we call in digital and this is where we measure our digital rotation. So, growing double-digit on back of that base is what I would qualify tour de force.
Pierre Nanterme: Absolutely, I mean we have clear and differentiated strategies for our three regions. We have clear leaders in the regions, Julie Sweet in North America; Gianfranco Casati in Growth Markets and Jo Deblaere in Europe. They are executing their strategies. So, there is not [indiscernible] or some biased views on this. Indeed in the growth market, the explanation of the growth slowing down compared to prior quarters is all coming from this cyclical impact of energy and natural resources, otherwise we are very pleased. I mentioned Japan, part of our growth market, again putting a double-digit growth for I think eight quarters now in a row, which is frankly a fabulous result. And we are taking opportunities in each and every market as per our strategy in outsourcing and in consulting. I think we did comment the difference between outsourcing and consulting momentum because of the digital related services nature of the business, which is more around consulting than outsourcing, which is just the demonstration that budget from our clients up a bit moving from this outsourcing type of business to the consulting type of business. And as you see, in Europe, with 12% growth, we are defiantly putting our act together to create our own growth almost against the economic condition of the markets.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay. So commenting on FS, I mean we continue to be pleased with the results. I mean we see again double-digit growth in financial services. This is an industry, if you look altogether, which is one of the largest. I think we mentioned at the IA Day that if you put together capital markets and banking would be one of the largest, the largest industry at Accenture. And of course this is an industry historically and currently investing in technology and in transformation. So, we continue to be very pleased with the opportunities offered by financial services. They have to transform. And of course digital-related services are extremely relevant in financial services, almost by definition, it’s a B2C and it’s enabling a lot digital native [ph] technologies to maximize, I mean the connectivity with the clients as well as digitalizing the portions. This is an industry where historically we made the right investments. I am talking about the investment we made in insurance where we are extremely well-positioned with our software solutions. I am talking about the investments we made in credit services where we are now building a leading independent mortgage processor in the U.S. and very pleased with the momentum we getting in Brazil where we are expanding our services and credit services to again take [indiscernible] position. We just announced this quarter a very niche but very good acquisition in Boston on asset management called Beacon. I’m very pleased with that adding super deep expertise. So overall, we are very pleased with what we’re doing in FS, which is quite broad-based across the different regions as well, if you look at North America, if you look at especially Europe where we are doing very well, excellent results in growth markets. So, this is the industry where I am coming from and this is one I love the most.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely. Happy to comment on this, because I truly believe that we are proposing to the marketplace organizing Accenture in a very unique and differentiated way, and I tend to believe that none of our competitors yet could match the capabilities and the organization we’re putting in place. First indeed, we have created five Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, Accenture Digital, Accenture Technology and Accenture Operations, all at scale, always highly differentiated skills, a very different positioning compared to the competitive environment, different economics. And to your question, indeed they are run as a business with the objective of being top-class in their own categories. But of course where we differentiate in the marketplace is our unique ability to combine our services to deliver what we are calling the end-to-end services, because we truly believe that more and more clients are buying an outcome more than an effort. And if you want to deliver an outcome, you need to contribute and participate to the design and planning, typically done by Accenture Strategy and Accenture Consulting, the high value services and consulting which you will, then you move in to building solution with absolutely leading and cutting edge solutions, exactly the job of Accenture Digital for digital may continue solutions and Accenture Technology for the leading platform solution or application packages. And when you have been building solution, you’re moving to Accenture Operations, the part of Accenture where we could operate on behalf of the clients, either their business process; their cloud operation or their security operation. This depth and breadth and kind of operating model is absolutely unique in the marketplace and is a great source of differentiation for Accenture. And on top of that indeed, Lisa, we’re putting our rotation to the new. Each of the five have a clear mandate to rotate their business to new type of services where Accenture Strategy is going to be being cutting edge in developing digital technologies and creating new business model for clients. Accenture Technology will now unbed [ph] very innovative ways of doing development, what we’re calling liquid, intelligent and connected. Accenture Operations will be extraordinarily analytics rich in the way we are developing operations. And in security with the acquisition of FusionX, we are absolutely top of the game in term of simulating cyber attacks. So, all these architecture we’re putting in place, and I said that with a lot of passion and energy during that call, is indeed unique in the marketplace, Lisa.
Pierre Nanterme: I can’t characterize. I can characterize only the trend is clear that you see a shift from investment in the legacy, if you will, to investment of the new. I tend to believe that the shift is increasing and as reflected, growth in digital related services. Now I don’t have any market data that would characterize the percentage of the shift. There it’s getting bigger and indeed we could take advantage of this shift in term of budget, as reflected with our 20% plus growth in digital related services.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay, certainly time now to wrap up. And I want to thank you again for joining us today. With our first quarter behind us, clearly we have created strong momentum in our business, especially with investments we’ve made in digital, cloud and security services which we are now calling at Accenture, the new. And that makes me really confident in our ability to continue to successfully grow business and gain market share. I want to take this opportunity to wish all of you, our investors and analysts and our Accenture people who are hopefully listening to the call, a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best to all of you and the best for the New Year.
David Rowland: Yes, there is nothing -- there is certainly nothing unusual in terms of one-time events. I mean when you pull outsourcing back the -- as a type of work and then related to our business -- our five businesses, a large part of operations, the significant portion of operations is part of the outsourcing type of work and then the application maintenance piece of application services is part of the outsourcing type of work as well. Within operations, the core driver is BPO. And I’ll say, we continue to feel very good about our BPO business. The growth rates have been such that we have continued to take significant share. And if you look at our operations business overall, our expectation for growth remains the same, no different from what I communicated at IA Day where we think our operations business will grow very well in the upper single to low double-digit range, and of course BPO is a key anchor to that. If you look at the other component of outsourcing which be application maintenance within application services, let me say that for application services, we now see mid single-digit growth. As we’ve talked about, there is kind of two components in application services there is the maintenance of the existing kind of legacy applications for our clients, which is an important function. And then on the other end of the spectrum, there is the investment in new technology and the deployment of new technology. So, when you look at our services, we see extremely strong growth in the project-based work in application services that work related to deploying and building new technology; that is reflected in our consulting type of work which is why you see consulting type of work growth so strong. What we see is clients are looking to reduce their cost of ownership of their existing applications. So therefore, there is relatively less investment in the maintenance piece in lieu of higher investments in the development piece.
David Rowland: Yes. So for consulting for the full year -- I am talking about consulting type of work to be clear, we see low double-digit growth. For outsourcing, we see mid single-digit growth. And then underneath that you’ve got the components of operations and the maintenance piece of services as I described.
David Rowland: I’ll just mention quickly that we had six clients with bookings over a $100 million. Let me just mention a couple of data points and then let Pierre add some commentary as well. We feel very good about our pipeline. And if you think about our pipeline and the type of work view, if you will, we feel good about our pipeline pretty much across the board. And we’ve seen good expansion in our pipeline. We see a lot of market activity, at least from our perspective, and good dialogue with our clients across those consulting and outsourcing. So, we feel good about our pipeline. Again, we expect that we will see an uptick in bookings in the second quarter and are very encouraged by what we see.
David Rowland: Yes, so Tien-Tsin, we can’t -- I wouldn’t run the risk of predicting the timing. What I can say again is that the deal has already been approved in the U.S. and in Brazil. We have been in the process of cooperating with the European Commission, as they go through their review process. And it will conclude when it concludes. Timing is hard to predict.
David Rowland: I would say if you look currently and in recent quarters, it’s a very high percentage. And of course, it reflects the market opportunity in a way our business is evolving. If you went back let’s say a year, year and a half ago, two years ago, they would have been more outsourcing oriented but it’s a very high percentage. And you are correct to identify that the overall inorganic contribution is in the 2% range and you are correct to identify that the majority of that is reflected in our consulting type of work growth.
David Rowland: Yes. Certainly, if you look at the last two quarters, that influence of that metric which I look at obviously as well. So, if you look at it, and let’s say in the recent two quarters, you have the impact that we have very intentionally built bench in key still areas, key growth areas. And you have seen that our utilization, let’s say in quarter one of this year compared to quarter one of last year, was down about a 1% and that reflects that building a bench. And so that does go into that calculation when you look at it all in, as you do.
David Rowland: Yes, it’s really no change in the incremental acquisitions. We still see about 2% for the year. And you may remember at -- I guess it wasn’t the earnings call but I think it was IA Day, I said it explicitly that the bills that had signed that we anticipated closing in the first quarter which have ultimately closed, we had reflected that in our initial guidance. So, this is -- I mean you could interpret this as an increase in our organic revenue outlook.
David Rowland: Yes. So, one of the factors was the increase in DSO in the first quarter. We had signaled, I think both at IA Day and probably the fourth quarter earnings call that our cash flow guidance allowed for the possibility of on an uptick in DSOs that’s what we have seen. On one hand, we are very happy with 41 days; on the other hand, we always are working to do better. We have a very cash is king kind of culture. And so, we did have an uptick. That reflects in the first quarter results. And then the second factor that influences -- there are actually three or four factors but the second one what I call -- that I would call out would be the timing of tax cash payments. Those can ebb and flow across the quarters of a year. And that was a factor in the first quarter this year compared to the first quarter of last year, doesn’t change our expectation for the full year. It just means that we had a higher percentage of tax cash payments in the first quarter this year relative to the first quarter last year. Those are really the two drivers of tax cash payments and DSO.
David Rowland: And David, just to add, this is entirely consistent with what we expected and signaled. We see the outlook for digital for the year and continued strong double-digit growth. I think we mentioned again at IA Day that while we were incredibly pleased with the growth in ‘15, it was much higher than we would have expected and it’s higher than it would be prudent to assume, as we plan our year. Having said that, one of the things about our model is the flexibility and our know-how to ramp up resources as we need to if the growth opportunity presents itself strong, even stronger than we expected. So, we’ll see how it plays out. But, if we have digital growth above 20, we’re doing a heck of a job executing our strategy.
David Rowland: We do see some differentiated -- well, first of all it’s hard to talk about. In that context, it’s hard to talk about digital overall because as you know, we have digital work that we do in Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, Accenture Technology, meaning app services and operations. I would say, as a general statement, we have favorable economics in digital. And I can assure you, we are always pushing whether it’s digital or any other part of our believe where there is a high value service offering in the marketplace and where we have highly differentiated skills and capabilities that plays in our favor from a pricing standpoint and we try to get the yield from that.
David Rowland: Yes. And I want to say again, so it doesn’t get lost. Operations and BPO within operations, we are very pleased with that growth, very good growth and growing above the market taking share. That is a very vibrant business for us.
David Rowland: Well, we have -- of course our range, Rod, is three points to cover scenarios like that on the down side. So, we’ve accounted for it to the extent we have three-point range. We don’t have any evidence of any notable change in client budgets to the worst, which is your question. We don’t have any evidence of that through our channels. And again, our pipeline looks very good, which is indicative of the level of client discussions that are underway currently.
David Rowland: I mean in the context of the overall Accenture organization, the acquired headcount is just not that -- it’s an important skills that we are acquiring but in the context of the overall headcount, to your question, it’s just not that material. And we see growth in headcount really across our business including by the way in our GDN. You will see in the statistics that a high percentage of the headcount is in our global delivery network. And again I think the theme that underpins it, whether you are talking about strategy consulting, application services or operations, the common theme is this digital rotation and the services and the type of work we are doing in that regard, really is a driver of the skills we are acquiring as a general theme.
David Rowland: I would say, as a general rule, if you look at Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting and the project-based work in Application Services, which is deployment of new tech and let’s just say packaged software even more broadly. The turn to revenue is -- in all of those cases is faster than let’s say the rest of our business that I didn’t call out, and that’s just -- those are just structural differences. And so, when you see such strong growth rates in our consulting type of work business that just reflects bookings that convert to revenue faster than let’s say certainly the typical operations contract would or an application maintenance contract would.
David Rowland: That is correct. So, application services has what we have traditionally called application outsourcing, which is -- or application maintenance work, that maps to our outsourcing type of work. The rest of application services, which is really about fundamentally development work, application development work whether it be new tech or could be development around existing legacy applications, packaged software deployment et cetera, that is what we would have historically referred to as systems integration. And that maps to the consulting type of work.
David Rowland: Yes, we are not going to comment specific -- I mean not in specific terms on margin for each dimension. I think we have said before that the nature of digital, just as a general statement, tends to be high demand. We have unique and differentiated skills and capabilities and arguably, positioning in the marketplace. And all of those things lend itself to better economics. It’s our job to deliver on that, but it certainly creates the right environment for better economics. Your last question was -- the other part of the question was digital economics…
David Rowland: There is to the extent that a high percentage of our digital bookings are consulting and consulting has a higher velocity.
David Rowland: Specifically I think you are referring to the application maintenance, application outsourcing piece of application services. What I would say is that there is no doubt that that is -- continues to be a highly competitive market. When we comment on pricing, we comment on pricing in terms of the profit percentage on work that we sell. And in that part of our business, we see stable pricing.
David Rowland: Lisa, let me just add to what Pierre said, and address another part of your question. A key component of what Pierre just said is that our talent strategy is aligned with our five businesses. And so, we have talent that is managed, nurtured, developed specific to Accenture Strategy. Those people tend to work, essentially exclusively on Accenture Strategy work. We have people that are identified as Accenture Consulting, developed, nurtured, et cetera. Those people tend to work for the most past, exclusively on consulting work. By the way that includes our client account leads, people who are predominantly deployed to our operating groups that really not only delivers a consulting services but are also the integrator of Accenture capabilities to serve the clients need. We have operations where again we have talent model for operations. Mike Salvino and Debbie Polishook manage that workforce for the most part work, exclusively in operations. And then you have Accenture Technology. And Accenture Technology is a little bit different. In that, they have a unique talent model, but yet some of those technology people support the development type work, the new tech, some of those people may actually even be part of consulting project delivery. We also have some of those people that at points in time maybe part of our operations project delivery. So, they work a little bit more across the organization. But beyond technology, we also have the innovation labs and things like that. But excluding technology, the other businesses are very specific and fit for purpose in terms of the talent model and the types of projects those people work on for our clients.
David Rowland: Yes. So, first of all, we still have room to expand our GDN headcount in our model. And certainly, we don’t see that we’ve reached the destination and we wouldn’t go any further. Having said that, one of the things that highly differentiates Accenture is our deep industry expertise and our client account teams that are at the client site each and every day, working shoulder-to-shoulder with our clients. And so the thing about our model is that we have a very strong presence in each of the geographic markets around the world where we operate. That’s a vital part of what is distinctive about Accenture. And then we extend that and complement that with arguably the best technology global delivery network in the world. To your question, we have the opportunity to take that further, and we will see how the market evolves and then we will respond accordingly.
David Rowland: I will just say -- I can’t really do justice to the question, so I will just share a couple of quick points. First of all, the free cash flow guidance is still above 1.0 in terms of free cash flow to net income, so very healthy level of free cash flow. A couple of things that influence that, one is the DSOs; the other is timing of tax cash payments that not only impacts a particular quarter but can be different fiscal year to fiscal year; and the third is CapEx, just to name those three because you call them out. And we do anticipate a higher level of capital spending this year as compared to last year. So that’s in the mix as well.
