Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our strong financial results for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Our excellent fourth quarter performance continues the momentum we have been building in our business all year. For the full year, we delivered strong new bookings, generated record revenues, grew EPS faster than revenues and generated strong free cash flow, all while continuing to invest in our business and delivering significant value for clients and shareholders. Here are a few highlights for the year. We delivered very strong new bookings of $34.4 billion, we grew revenues 11% in local currency to a record $31 billion, our growth was broad-based across the business including double-digit growth in four of our five operating groups and all three geographic regions. We delivered earnings per share of $4.82 on an adjusted basis, a 7% increase. We expanded operating margin 20 basis points to 14.5% on an adjusted basis; we generated free cash flow of $3.7 billion. We returned $3.8 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And we just announced a semiannual cash dividend of $1.10 per share, an 8% increase over our prior dividend. So, I feel very good about what we delivered in fiscal year 2015. Our outstanding performance clearly demonstrates that we continue to provide highly relevant and differentiated services to all clients. Now, let me hand over to David. David, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, I mean, not much to add. I think it clearly, I mean, to summarize, we’re overachieving three areas mainly; CMT, digital business and operations. When it comes to operations, more -- significantly more than we accepted.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, just to -- probably just only reconfirm the element of our acquisition strategy, we are doing acquisitions for three reasons. I mean, the first one is to accelerate access to capabilities in the new and what we’re calling the new at Accenture is now the combination of digital services, cloud services, security services, all new technologies, if you will, such as cognitive computing, automation, or artificial intelligence. Second is to have access to very deep industry expertise, especially in consulting that is the rational for acquisition of Axia, Javelin, companies consulting deep structure iTRAK, either deep industry expertise in upstream energy in retail. That’s the reason -- that’s number two. And the number three would be to scale faster to take the leadership position in the marketplace and by leadership, we mean the Number 1. I’m thinking about Procurian, I’m thinking about Cloud Sherpas. I would put in that category, scale to lead putting more distance between Accenture and the competition. Three reasons why we’re doing acquisition and then we grew organic on top of this acquisition. Probably, one of the best case coming in my mind would be Procurian. We may yet consider Procurian, we became the Number 1 in procurement services and since we made this acquisition, we’ve been scaling faster, and now we are the market leader and the organic growth of our procurement services is even higher than the business days we built [ph].
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, so, if you look at it indeed, we had a good year in some of these markets, overall growth markets, I mean, double-digit growth if you look at all the growth markets. But again, you will see in these growth markets, some of mature market names, I’m saying about Japan and Australia. Now, indeed, we had a very good performance of Brazil last year on back of some very good program in Accenture operations and our business as well in launching innovative services, especially around mortgage as a service on back of a small acquisition we made few years ago called Avere [ph] and our digital rotation as well which is happening in Brazil likewise it’s happening in other places. That being said, we’re looking at the market as you do. We understand that the global economic conditions in Brazil are deteriorating at some pace and it has been factored in our plan.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and when you look from a skill standpoint, I mean, you’re right to mention that part of the work we are doing in digital related services could be onshore. However, we are probably the largest – one of the largest application, perhaps enterprise apps developer in the world. All these developments are being made via our Global Delivery Network and it’s definitely part of digital related services. I am thinking about as significant part of our business in analytics as well being done with our resources, especially in India and other places. When I think about strong innovations in term of automation, robotics, cognitive computing and artificial intelligence, they are coming a lot from the Philippines and from India as well. So I guess, it would be a bit simplistic to see our GDN as a kind of a low-cost, low-value kind of capability. It is a right cost, very high value workforce.
Pierre Nanterme: We’ve not seen much change in the competitive environment. I think the competition is quite well established in the different businesses we’re operating in from the consulting and strategy with the usual players. Then, you have the technology with the other players and then of course operations, different part of our business. So I guess, the environment is pretty stable with some, I mean, winners and losers and we are investing and driving our business to be part of the winners. But not much to say around the competitive environment, it’s still the usual suspects.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Sure. Thank you. And by the way, Jo Deblaere who is leading our European business is in the room and he could be more pleased with your comments on Europe. And yes, I mean, we’re pleased with where we are because we’ve seen the growth and of course, when you understand the overall economic environment in Europe, it’s much different from the one for instance you have in the US. So it’s more about us than about the market of course. And I would call probably the same trend. It’s fascinating to see that the digital rotation we’ve seen in Europe is as strong, even slightly stronger than the one we could see in the US. It appears that our target clients, mainly the premium brand in the G2000 we’re serving in Europe are really accelerating their investments in terms of digital rotation. Second, we had some very significant transactions, leveraging Accenture operations with our business process services, I’m thinking about, I mean the Finance and Accounting, the HR, the procurement as well and it’s been a significant source of growth and overall, the consulting is back, probably driven as well with the digital related services. So for Europe, again, the clients we’re serving, more than the GUs, are reinvesting. We’re always nice on rationalization, driving good growth for Accenture operations and the other eye on growth and digital, which is driving more business for Accenture Digital, Accenture Strategy and Accenture Consulting and of course the leadership of Jo Deblaere.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Sure. I mean, two main reasons. First, and you’ve seen that in the terminal, which has been used by Paul Daugherty, our Chief Technology Officer, we’re taking a cloud first approach. So we are strongly believers that indeed now and even more moving forward, this cloud first agenda will be quite prevalent for our clients and we want to preempt to be ahead of the curve or to embrace whatever you’re going to call it, this new cloud first environment and so to be a prominent provider in the add to service, software and solution as a service environment.  So second, when we have defined this position for Accenture, the name of the game for us was how to scale more rapidly to take the leadership position, especially around the salesforce.com solution and Cloud Sherpas was a very relevant opportunity for us to scale rapidly the good capabilities we have as we speak, we are the leader in providing services for salesforce.com.  We are already the leader and we believe that through this acquisition, they have excellent people, a significant number of this people being certified, which is even more important, we are scaling faster and are taking the leadership in this market, which we believe is going to be promising in the coming years.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, no, indeed, I mean, it’s global with a very significant and good footprint in the U.S., but it’s global and nicely covering two or three of our most significant markets around the world. So we should take this leading position not only in one, but certainly in few of the markets around the world. Very nice fit for us.
Pierre Nanterme: Alright. I think we stand to wrap up KC. Excellent. So thanks to all of you again for joining us on today’s call. And in closing, I just want to take this opportunity to first, thank our clients for the trust they place in Accenture as their business partner. At the same time, I also want to extend my deep and sincere thanks to the men and women of Accenture around the world.  Every minute of every day, our people demonstrate an incredible level of commitment to delivering value for our clients and for our company and finally, of course, I want to thank you, investors for your continued support and confidence in Accenture. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst Conference in New York on October, the 7th. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC and all the best.
David Rowland: Yeah, I mean I think just reflecting on ’15 and, Pierre, I’m sure we will have some reflections as well. I mean the first thing I would start off with is the fact that while we were confident that we were well-positioned for a very attractive market in the digital space, frankly, it’s hard and I'm sure you are going to appreciate this Tien-Tsin. It would have been hard to bank on and predict 35% growth in our digital-related services business. So that clearly was part of the driver. I think secondly, while we also felt very confident in our operations business, which is truly distinctive in the marketplace, no doubt about that, the growth rate was higher. We knew it would be strong, but it came in even stronger than we expected. When I reflect on the operating groups and you may remember and I won’t recount what I’ve said or recap what I’ve said when we started the year, but I had laid out a view of how we thought the operating groups would emerge. I mean, clearly when you look at CMT’s growth for the year, as proud as we are of that growth, it frankly would have been tough to predict that level of growth, double-digit growth in all industries and in all three geographic markets. I mean, that is kind of a trifecta of stars aligning. On the other end of the spectrum, not to go through every operating group, we were comfortable with our turn to growth in resources but yet there were still some risk as we highlighted and at the end of the day, congratulations to our resources team again that they’ve reconnected with growth and sustained very solid growth. And then I think across the patch, when we talk about consulting in our traditional type of work way, which in our new way of looking at the business includes strategy, consulting and part of application services related to application development within app services, that part of our business was very strong in ’15 and exceeded our expectations.
David Rowland: Yes. Just working backwards, Tien-Tsin, I’ll give you a view on digital growth as well as our dimensional growth. I’m going to give that view at I-Day, as we’re still working through our view on that. And just to your other question, I’ll start with ’15. Our inorganic contribution I signaled last quarter was in the range of 1% to 1.5%. Our actual inorganic came in roughly at the midpoint of that range. The point being that when you look at our 11% growth for the year, the organic growth was obviously substantial. As we look forward to ’16, we are very proud of the success that we’ve had in the market with our acquisition activity in the last two quarters in particular. We also have four acquisitions, Pierre mentioned Cloud Sherpas, which had been announced, but not yet closed, but if you take what we closed and the four that have been announced, not yet closed, then we would estimate that our inorganic would be, let’s say, approaching the range, in the range of about 2% and of course that can change depending on the timing of when these four deals, Cloud Sherpas, in particular, ultimately gets closed. But we would be in that range. So, would be a click up.
David Rowland: Ashwin, let me just mention two things and then Pierre will want to round this out just in terms of kind of the factual context. Again, I want to point out that the year we just closed, our organic growth would have been about 9.5% roughly and so, the organic part of our business, that machine, was hitting on all cylinders in ’15 and was a real testament to the power of our growth strategy and this evolution of Accenture to focusing on our five businesses that we talked about leveraging the very distinctive channel that we have through our operating groups in our largest geographic market. So, just that factual point, our organic growth machine is hitting on all cylinders. You mentioned ERP, I’ll go ahead and put this out there that the ERP business, we’ve always said that ERP goes through cycles and -- but yet, at the end of the day, it’s an attractive business. Our ERP business did stabilize in ’15, it actually grew slightly. Now, as a percentage of our total revenue, it’s actually gotten -- it’s come down a click in terms of what it represents of Accenture’s business because the non-ERP is growing significantly but nonetheless, the ERP story is not a bad story. I’ll just pass it over to Pierre.
David Rowland: Yeah, I mean, first of all I would encourage you and others to look at the absolute amount because the absolute amount as you referenced, I’ll use my word, but your thought I hope is that it’s outstanding. Our operating cash flow or free cash flow exceeds net income, which I think is a standard for any company which is indicative of outstanding cash flow and we’re in the range -- across our range, we’re in the range of let’s say around 1.1 of free cash flow to net income. And so, the absolute number is very, very strong. As we talked about before, there are many puts and takes in our cash flow in any particular year. Changes in DSO as an example, we have allowed for the possibility not that this is our -- what we’re trying to drive our teams to but we’ve allowed for the possibility of slight uptick in DSOs. You also noticed that we have allowed for further CapEx spending, which is part of the increase and then beyond that, there are differences in timings, for example, tax cash payments can be very different on one year -- from one year to the next. And so, there are many swings but what I would encourage you to focus on is the absolute cash flow, which exceeds net income and is great indicator of a strong cash generating company.
David Rowland: Yeah, China, we are about – we are less – we are about in the range of $300 million in that range, so about 1% of Accenture. 
David Rowland: I think that – we think in terms of continued strong double-digit growth, 35% is a big number. And for planning purposes, we considered the scale of the business, but 35% is a big number and I don’t know that we would assume that for planning purposes, not that we wouldn’t strive forward.
David Rowland: Yeah, I would say that, you may remember, it was in the second – it was our second quarter’s call, I mentioned that we were pleased with the progress that we have made in pricing relative to where we were in the previous year. And I would say that relative to those comments, our pricing has remained very stable and so we’ve – I would characterize the environment – it’s tough to paint with a broad brush, because it really is different depending on which part of our business that you look at. But certainly overall, the environment continues to be competitive. If I had to give an overall characterization, I would say stable at the levels that we indicated that in the second quarter.  You know, if you look back, I would – you asked specifically about application services that continues to be a very competitive market, but our pricing is stable. We see other parts of our business where we see some pricing power and when I say that I think about Accenture strategy and Accenture consulting. 
David Rowland: We don’t think in terms of a natural resistance point. I mean, we think that we’ve got a lot of flexibility for how our Global Delivery Network can continue to evolve. But we certainly don’t think in terms of any natural resistance point. We drive it as the market evolves and as I said, we’ve got flexibility still in front of us. 
David Rowland: Well, first of all, Ed, I would say that if you look at the performance of our portfolio overall, we are quite pleased with the performance of our portfolio of acquisitions from revenue through profitability and cash flow, and that’s something we track very carefully. We review certainly ourselves, but with our Board as well each quarter. And we believe we have some pretty half hurdles, financial hurdles for the transactions that we do.  Having said that, as you know, it certainly wouldn’t be unusual for an acquisition to be dilutive in the first year or two possibly. But we do -- one of our hurdles is the pace of which a deal becomes on par and then accretive, but certainly in the first couple of years that can be dilutive. I’d also point out that whereas many other companies in our sector tend to adjust for certain types of acquisition related costs, the amortization of intangibles, things like performance retention payments at the time of closure, third party fees et cetera, we’ve chosen not to do that. And we report our margin all in. To-date our margin expansion commitment has been based on our philosophy that we absorb those as part of our investments and we drive the business forward.  And of course that’s just one part of our investment. We have investments that go well beyond that. The impressive thing about our profit model to-date is that when you look at that 20 basis points of expansion underneath that, we are driving significant efficiency across our business to absorb the investments acquisition and otherwise, and that's an important story to understand, so I am glad you asked that question. 
David Rowland: So to remind you and the other listeners, when we talk about price and we’ve always said very clearly that we are talking about the profit or margin percentage on the work that we sell. And it’s in that context -- when I say pricing is stable, it’s in that context that I make that statement. And so when you look at application services as an example, when you look at our margin on work that we are contracting, that is stable. I mentioned other areas where we have sources of some pricing power, I mentioned strategy and consulting. I also say that in the context of the margin, but I will also add that if you were to look at in that part of our business, people might talk about things like average daily rates, we’re also pleased with average daily rate progression in that part of our business as well. 
David Rowland: Yeah, so if you look at our guides for quarter one, the range is 6% to 9% in local currency growth. I mean, when I look at quarter one or the full year, maybe, Lisa, if you will, I’ll just – let me just expand my comments a little bit.  I mean, when you look at our guidance, you first of all have to understand what is our assumption on market growth. And we assume that the market will continue to grow plus or minus in the 4% range. And so when you look at our guidance for the year, certainly if you look at our guidance for quarter one, the same would apply across that range, but certainly at the upper end of that range, it reflects taking significant market share, continuing to take significant market share, which is our strategic objective.  The other thing that you have to consider goes back to some of the discussion that Pierre had I believe with Darrin on the growth markets and the risk profile. But also I think, when we look at the macro environment in general, relative to where we were 90 days ago, I would say, relative to where we were at this time last year, the volatility and risk in the macro environment has clicked up a notch or two, and so that’s a factor then.  The other thing that we think about when we look at our guidance is that it’s as important if not more important to look at the absolute dollars as it is the percentage, whether it be the first quarter or the full year. And if you just look at the full year, before you adjust for the FX headwind, just taking that out, look at the underlying growth, at the upper end of our range, we will be adding about $2.5 billion of revenue, excluding the impact of FX in fiscal 2016, which is a pretty health number.  And so we work hard to drive to the upper end of the range, although the range reflects what we think are the range of possibilities. And as it relates to the full year, we’re early in the year and as we did last year, we’ll adjust as we go. That was more of an answer than your question, but it gave me an opportunity to share some of those thoughts.
David Rowland: I would say that to the extent that digital has a strong consulting concentration and if you look at the, let’s say, the average duration of a consulting contract versus an outsourcing contract, it would be true to say that the duration is shorter for consulting than it is for outsourcing. So in that sense, it does give you a different backlog kind of profile going forward. We’re very pleased with how our strategy in consulting and the development of new technology that we report within application services, that has been a great story for us, but it does change the dynamic as you’re alluding to.
David Rowland: Yeah. We will -- we are still in the midst of finalizing those and I will comment on that as appropriate at IA Day, but it’s a little premature for me to give you a number at this point.
David Rowland: Yeah. First of all, we were really pleased with our recruiting in the fourth quarter. I mean, we continue to be and even more so, a real, I would say, magnet for talent in the marketplace and so we had very successful recruiting efforts as you know. The fourth quarter is typically when we bring on our campus hires and so that’s reflected in the number and so we manage the supply and demand very carefully.  And we -- the one point is where we start the year and then of course we have to manage our headcount as we progress through the year and we will see how attrition plays out as we evolve through the first half of the year. We will see how the revenue trajectory progresses and then as always, we adjust headcount appropriately.
David Rowland: Well, it’s -- I’m not -- as a general -- well, it depends, it just depends on so many different assumptions. It depends on how we see pricing evolving. It depends on how we see our revenue yield per head evolving. It depends on what we might expect with attrition. It depends on – perhaps, we hired a disproportionate number of people in quarter four and we expect to hire less than normal in quarter one and so, there are so many factors that go in to that. I wouldn’t over read the headcount. What I’d focus on is the guidance we gave and the context that I gave for the guidance.
David Rowland: Yes. We see -- we actually see very balanced growth, as we have looked at our business plans. We actually see very balanced growth and we would see, let’s say, both consulting and outsourcing in the context of a 5 to 8 range, we would see both of those kind of be in the same zone. So in the mid to high single digits is the potential range for both of them.
