David Rowland: Well, Growth Markets has been a great – has really been a great story for us. And as we’ve highlighted several times, the real strength of the Growth Markets has been what has been an amazing story led by our leader [indiscernible] in Japan. And in Japan, we do have a very broad-based – we believe a very broad-based durable business, which reflects all of the elements of our strategy, which are constructed to create some durability. There are other important markets in the Growth Markets as well though. For example, interesting, you look at Brazil, which is a market that even in the backdrop of some macro challenges, our Brazil businesses has been very strong. You look at China, for example, this quarter, where we also had double-digit growth, which is not material in the context of Accenture overall, but yet it’s an important part of that Growth Markets story. So if you’re asking me, would I expect that we will grow forever at the rate of growth that we’ve been at recently in Growth Markets, I wouldn’t necessarily make that assumption. But we are extremely well-positioned in the Growth Markets and ultimately, what we – the measure that we hold ourselves against is that, we continue to grow significantly faster than the market and take share. And I think we’re well-positioned to do that in the Growth Markets going forward.
David Rowland: It is absolutely business as usual. What – the statement that I’ve made and our leadership team has embraced is, we don’t hit the pause button at all. So we continue to move forward. We operate and I’m executing the responsibilities in the same way the Pierre would have executed them if he was on the call today. So no pause. We continue to drive our business forward.
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, it’s one of the important parts about what differentiates Accenture, because when you look at our strategic areas of focus as I outlined in my script, all of those things, the common threat across all of that is that, many of them are enabled by a strong strategy in consulting practice that is deep in both industry skills and differentiation, but also in functional skills and differentiation. And that is part of the end-to-end model that we talk about at Accenture. And, of course, the consulting and strategy capability underpins that and really in many ways, it’s the tip of the spear for most of the pillars of our strategy. And as I mentioned, we continue to invest significantly in building that capability and in staying ahead of the market.
David Rowland: Yes. So, when you look at the risks that we’ve talked about, which includes Brexit and it includes the trade disputes, among others. I mean, as you well know, really those risks still exist today. So, our view of the macro environment, the potential for some slowdown in overall economic growth that has not changed at all. Having said that, consistent with what we’ve said before, for global companies to operate in this volatile dynamic environment is the new norm, but it’s been the new norm now for several years. And so as we talk to our clients, they continue to focus on, for the most part, driving their business forward, and the two teams remain the same. Our clients continue to focus on investing and digitizing their business, both for top line growth – differentiation in the market, but also as a way to create operating efficiency in the business. And so, we believe that companies continue, for the most part, continue to be on their front foot looking to invest in digitizing the business. And the other thing that continues to be at play, maybe incrementally stronger is the whole focus on strategic cost management and cost rationalization, which is always aimed at creating capacity to invest more in “the New”. And I think, as we talked about last time, all of that really plays to our strength, because where companies are investing is in these areas of new services, which, of course, is where we have put 100% of our focus. We also commented on the last call that we continued to see client budgets grow. I think we said last quarter, they would grow in 2019, maybe at a slightly lower clip, but in the same range as what we had seen the previous year. We haven’t seen anything that changes our point of view on that. And, of course, the best illustration of that is the $11.8 billion in bookings that we just posted. And so, look, the market is always challenging. There’s nothing different about it today than it was a year ago. The market is never easy. It’s always challenging. But as I talk to our C-Suite executives and our clients, there is a willingness and a desire really to invest and drive the business forward, and that’s not changed.
David Rowland: Yes. It is absolutely broad-based, and it is an interesting point of view to share and it’s an interesting trend that we see in the market quite different from what you might have expected three to four years ago, where everyone was talking about package, package, package. And if you think about it, it’s easy to understand as strong as the functionality is and the next-generation packages and platforms that companies are embracing. Really to get the full power of the data, the artificial intelligence, the machine learning, there is the need to do a lot of custom apps software development in the cloud, so to speak, to really exploit all of the advantages of kind of the broader landscape of new technology and new platforms. And I see that with our own company, and I see that with so many of our companies that I meet with. And so these are not, as you would expect, these are not like large-scale necessarily individual projects. But it’s a rapid pace of quick development of custom apps in order to really exploit and take advantage of the power of data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, all of those things that require some customization for individual companies. And so I think it’s broad-based and pervasive. And it’s really just the – it’s kind of the art, if you will, behind the power of the technology and really customizing that to the needs of a particular company.
David Rowland: Yes. And just to add to what KC said, just using what we’ve done, what we’ve announced, let’s say, really as of today. We’ve done roughly about seven acquisitions in Accenture Interactive. We’ve done three in Industry X.O. We’ve done four in Technology. If you look at Technology, three of those were directly tied to deepening our skills and the platforms. So I think there were a couple in Oracle and one SAP, as an example. There was another one around data and analytics. And then we had several vertical specific acquisitions, several in financial services, as an example. And so I think that’s a good representation of we’re all about investing in “the New”, so that’s a good roadmap for our acquisition strategy, as well as our highest-growth, highest-priority verticals, and that’s a good roadmap going forward just as it’s been in the past.
David Rowland: Yes. Well, first of all, when we look at digital, as we define it, there’s really not any aspect of our digital business that we consider to be late in cycle. I mean, look, so just what you start there. If you look at Accenture Interactive, which is the business that, relatively speaking is the most mature within our business. Accenture Interactive, if you look at the G2000 and if you look at the rate of adoption of the power of digital and really reimagining and recreating customer experiences and all of the analytics and revenue enhancement and all of the other offerings that go around that, the rate of adoption while we are, let’s say, several years into that cycle, there’s still a lot of runway in that business going forward. I don’t think you would find any G2000 company that would tell you that they think they’re kind of done with that. That is an ongoing process, and so that has a lot of potential going forward. And, of course, we’re constantly investing and kind of reimagining on our business to find the next best curve or the next growth curve, which is exactly what we’re doing in Interactive, as we speak. If you look at Industry X.O, I think that it’s widely recognized that the potential of Industry X.O is massive, but yet very, very early cycle in terms of the adoption. And so if you look at the kinds of things that we are doing digital services factories for manufacturing companies, when you look at the adoption of intelligent products or connected smart products, what – digitizing the manufacturing process as a way to accelerate time to market, again, that is very early adoption. And I think if you look at Applied Intelligence, and I don’t think you would find any company that says that they think they’ve arrived in terms of fully exploiting the power of data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, et cetera, and I could continue on. Accenture Security, companies have a big agenda, multi-year agenda still to really deal with all that is required to fully secure the enterprise, their customer, data customer relationship, et cetera. And so we look at this as a longer cycle and a cycle where we are still early innings if you want to use the baseball game analogy. So, we think there’s runway when you look at the elements of our digital business.
David Rowland: Yes. Well, I’ll tell you what we believe, what we observe and then we’ll see – at some point, perhaps we’ll see how this plays out. But our observation is that, with the pace of disruption in global business, with the pace at which industries are getting disrupted, companies are getting disrupted, there’s a recognition we believe we see among companies that you cannot afford to hit the pause button. You cannot afford to slowdown. And I think that when we hit the eventual soft spot, what you will see is, companies doubling down more and pushing harder on the operational efficiency and cost rationalization agenda, because in order to fuel what is the lifeblood, which is constantly reimagining, reinventing and investing in growth, continuing up this adoption curve of the power of the new technology. And so what we see – what we believe is that, there’s going to be resiliency and companies’ willingness to invest in their definition of “the New”, because to do otherwise would just fundamentally jeopardize the existence of the enterprise going forward. We’ll see the extent to which that plays out, but that is the observation that we have.
David Rowland: I would say there’s really no change. I think when you look at the Accenture and, let’s say, the competitors that have been part of the disruption. And so I think about Deloitte Digital, PWC Digital. IBM has a business that is focused on this space to some extent. I think, this is an attractive market. It’s a top of the sea level agenda discussion. And so I think, companies continue to invest and attempt to compete. And so I think that those companies that have been successful at disrupting and really bringing technology and industry depth and differentiation, the consulting and strategy and then also the ability to operate. What I just described, we think is unique to Accenture. But the other companies are competing hard. I think the incumbents are – intend to try to rotate to look more like the disruptors in the market. But that’s a difficult thing to do, because when you look at the things that are relevant to Accenture Interactive, some of these things at the core things that capabilities that we’ve built over decades. So to build a front-end consulting and strategy practice, for example, is tough to do to have the technology capability and DNA to underpin that business is tough to do. To have the operations capability, so one of our big offerings in operations now is Accenture Interactive operations. You don’t just create that overnight. And so we think that we’re well-positioned in that market going forward, but it’s an attractive market and we don’t underestimate any of the competitors.
David Rowland: That’s right. I’ll channel Paul Daugherty. But in all seriousness, I mean, what – as always, the way you characterized it is exactly right. And I will say that Accenture’s position really from the very beginning was that the cloud adoption would evolve to be more of a hybrid environment. We’ve had that belief from the very earliest days of discussion about cloud adoption, and that is exactly the way it is played out. And I think that – and there’s a lot of things that influence the need to do that. Part of it is an issue around a client’s comfort or willingness to put certain data, certain apps on the public cloud. Of course, there’s also the opportunity to exploit the power of the public cloud, which is maybe exceeds the potential power of any private cloud with all of the capabilities and especially the machine learning and artificial intelligence kind of capabilities that are embedded in many of the cloud offerings. And so, I guess, I could just say that, that is the definite trend. There’s a lot of work that we do for our clients in helping them think through their cloud migration strategy. So if anybody thinks that, that is kind of behind us, I would say to the contrary, in fact, again, I was just with one of our client CEOs two weeks ago and the first thing that he wanted to talk about was cloud migration strategy. And it was all around the context of this hybrid cloud and the private versus the public and then the public the strategy across the range of very strong providers. And so it is a dynamic going forward. And it’s exactly the approach that I think every single company is taking in their adoption of the power of cloud.
David Rowland: Yes. So first of all, I think, when you look at the adoption of artificial intelligence and automation, consistent with what I said earlier, I think, any company that, I think, you could talk to would tell you that they are early in that cycle. And so I think from a market standpoint, in terms of the work that we do for our clients in that area, I would say, artificial intelligence, especially is still early cycle. When you talk about automation, I would say that, that is – the adoption rate of that is higher, although still I would say relatively early cycle. When you look at then the connection to the relationship between headcount and revenue with Accenture, I’m not going to predict the timing with which we would see a direct impact of that. We clearly is we do multi-year financial planning and we think about the evolution of our business and our own economic model. We see some potential for a different dynamic there. But the pace and timing, I just wouldn’t want to predict. Okay.
David Rowland: All right. Thank you. Okay thanks, again, to everyone for joining us on today’s call. And as you can tell at the point of fiscal 2019, we’re very pleased with our financial results and the momentum in our business. With our highly differentiated growth strategy and disciplined management of the business, we’re very confident in our ability to continue driving profitable growth and delivering significant value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, as always, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Angie and her team. Have a great day.
KC McClure: We were very pleased with our consulting bookings this quarter that we’re very broad-based across all parts of our business and all geographies. In terms of what was driving the demand, we spoke a lot about it. David carried a lot of the conversation in these areas of our business. But it was across first, all the areas of “the New”. So we estimated that our bookings in “the New” were about 65% of our overall bookings and that continues as well in consulting. If you look at also the power of what we’re seeing in our intelligent platform business, which includes a significant portion of work in consulting as well, which is across Salesforce, Microsoft, Workday, and the…
KC McClure: So that was also a very strong driver of our growth in consulting. And as it relates to going forward, we feel very – we feel really comfortable about our pipeline. As we look at the back-half of the year, we always, as you know, have work to do for the back-half of the year to close our pipeline, but we feel pretty well-positioned as we sit here today with our pipeline in consulting.
KC McClure: Okay. As it relates to organic and inorganic, we still see our inorganic growth rate for the full fiscal year to be about 1.5%. We’re at about 1.5% now, Jason, for the first-half of the year. And as we look at our inorganic guidance for the back-half of the year, we look at a few things. First of all, our pipeline and then the timing of when we estimate the deals that are in our pipeline would close and provide revenue this year. We also obviously do some risk adjustment on those numbers overall. So as we sit here today, we are seeing that inorganic growth is still about 1.5%, so there’s no change to our guidance overall for the year as it relates to inorganic. So as it relates to financial services, we do see an uptick still in the back-half of the year. So we were very pleased with financial services bookings, which came in as expected, but we’re very strong across all the elements of our financial services business, including banking capital markets, as well as insurance and across all of our geographies. So that bodes well for what we had anticipated seeing and we continue to anticipate seeing, which is an uptick in the back-half of the year for financial services. As it relates to what quarter that will happen in the back-half of the year, it really just depends, Jason, on the pace and the scale of that uptick as we proceed throughout the back-half of the year.
KC McClure: Yes. Great, Ed. So we are – our guidance for the full-year is up to $1.5 billion. So given where we are, it would be about a $1 billion if we get to the – up to – range. In terms of what we’re looking at, it should be no surprise, that’s really aligned to our important strategic growth areas. And I’ll just point to what we’ve already done today. So you see a mix of various things, obviously, very much in “the New” with acquisitions that we’ve done in the past in Accenture Interactive. We’ve also done acquisitions in Industry X.O, as well as very specific industry plays that tie those to these new technologies, both in products and financial services, just to point out a few. So, it really is a key part of our strategy. And the demand in the areas that we look at are no different than what we do overall in our business, which are really tied to leading in “the New” and finding disruptive technologies and acquisitions in that – in those areas of the business.
KC McClure: Yes. Ed, I don’t think there’s really any significant difference in terms of the linkage that we’ve seen. So if you take a look at what we do in our consulting business, obviously, first starts with strategy, which can be projects that are specific to strategy, but also oftentimes serve as the beginning for an end-to-end solution for our clients. That’s no different than really what we have seen in the past. As we look at the consulting front-end capabilities that we have, we’re in a management consulting space and we connect that to, for example, the intelligent platform space, which leads into outsourcing as well. There is still that very same connection that we’ve had in the past. So we don’t really see any big difference, Ed, in terms of what you would think about as it relates to consulting and outsourcing, both as it relates to doing end-to-end services here at Accenture.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. Happy to do that. Nice to meet you. In terms of H&PS and the U.S. Federal business, consistent with what we said last quarter, our federal business is really going through the natural cycle of a few contracts winding down. So we do see improvement in our U.S. Federal business in the back-half of the year, and that will also be part of, obviously, the increase in our H&PS business improving in the back-half of the year. As it relates – I’ll give you a little bit color on since you talked about budgets. The partial government shutdown that we experienced this quarter was not material at the Accenture level for either the quarter, nor will it be for the year. As it relates to H&PS, it was about 2% of an impact in the quarter. But we do not expect it to be material at all for the H&PS business for the full-year.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So first on the – in terms of the length or conversion, we haven’t really seen any change at all in our book to revenue conversion rates. And then – and as it relates on the revenue per head, Lisa, I’ll first start with that we have a real focus, obviously, on pricing. And what we’ve been able to do in areas where we have invested for differentiation is, we have seen pricing improvements in those parts of our business. And so that’s really is – that continues to be a very strong focus of ours. And we have made progress and continue to make progress that area. Again, always more work to do in that space, but that really first starts with pricing. And that gives us the most leverage as it relates to getting productivity out of our payroll. Then if you take a look at our overall payroll expense, which is the large bulk of what we do, right, a large bulk of our cost structure is in our payroll. So we’re very focused on making sure that we have the most efficient use of our payroll directed at our clients and recovering what is the right and proper rate for that work in the marketplace. So we have been making progress on that. It’s something that we continue to be focused on. It’s a never-ending job. But we are pleased with the progress that we’re making and you do see that coming through, not only in our revenue per head as a real driver of our operating margin expansion.
