Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC. And thanks, everyone, for joining us. It's a pleasure to be here today to present our excellent results for Q4 and the full fiscal year. I'm extremely pleased to report that we met or exceeded our business outlook for all of our key metrics from revenues and bookings, to profitability and cash flow. Here are a few highlights. We delivered record new bookings of $8.4 billion for the quarter, and $28.8 billion for the year. Revenues for the quarter increased 14% in local currency to $6.7 billion with all 5 operating groups delivering double-digit growth. Full year revenues increased 15% in local currency to $25.5 billion, a new record. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.91, a 38% increase over Q4 last year. For the full year, earnings per share were at record $3.40, up 28% over fiscal year 2010. We expanded operating margin for both the quarter and the full year. We generated free cash flow of $1.2 billion for the quarter and $3 billion for the full year, exceeding the top end of our annual range by more than $300 million. We continue to have a rock-solid balance sheet, with a cash balance of $5.7 billion. We continued to return cash to shareholders with more than $2.8 billion in share repurchases and dividend payments during the year. And we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.675 per share, which is a 50% increase over our prior dividend. Clearly, we are executing and delivering extremely well across all dimensions of our business. Now Pam will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Our strong results for the quarter and the full year demonstrate that we are executing the right growth strategy. A strategy that resonates with our clients. We are operating at the heart of our clients' business and are delivering unique value propositions that are built on strong business cases. Our focus continues to be on driving sustainable and profitable growth through industry differentiation, technology leadership and geographic expansion. We continue to grow our portfolio of Diamond Clients, both the number of Diamond Clients and the amount and scope of work we are doing for them in mature and emerging markets. This focus is bringing even greater depth and breadth for our business. We are serving clients in more than 40 industries and continue to invest in industry differentiation. To accelerate the execution of our growth strategy, we have prioritized our investments around specific industries where we see opportunity for even greater return. Last quarter, I mentioned our focus on the health sector. This quarter, I'm delighted to share the progress we're making in insurance and banking, where we recently announced 2 acquisitions. The acquisition of Duck Creek Technologies, a leading provider of software solutions for property and casualty insurance companies in the U.S. and in the U.K., is enabling us to provide a complete end to end solution from underwriting through claims to policy administration. In banking, we announced our plan to acquire Zenta, one of the largest residential and commercial mortgage processors in the U.S. This should position us as a leading provider of services to the credit industry, where we see significant opportunity to help clients adapt to the changing regulatory requirements. In addition, to building on our core, we continue to expand our technology leadership through our strategic initiatives to ensure that we are positioned to capitalize on future technology waves. In Digital Marketing, we are helping clients with digital strategy, website transformation, social media and digital data management. In China, we are helping one of the largest online retailers improve user interaction and increase conversion rates to grow sales volume. In Smart Grid, we now have a more than 100 projects delivered or underway in over 20 countries. And we continue to expand our Cloud capabilities and are seeing increased demand for Software as a Service. As a client in the energy management industry, we're doing one of the largest global Software as a Service implementations involving work in 70 countries and almost 20,000 users. Geographic expansion is another key area of focus. In fiscal year '11, we made good progress growing revenues in our 10 priority emerging markets by 30% in local currency to $3 billion. We are very pleased with this result and intend to build further on this success in fiscal year '12. We continue to run Accenture as a high-performance business, managing the company with rigor and discipline. We remain focused on pulling all the levers, including improving sales efficiency, optimizing utilization, carefully managing G&A and lowering our cost-to-serve by further leveraging our Global Delivery Network. Of course, we're carefully watching the macroeconomic environment. Clearly, there is more volatility and uncertainty in the global economy as governments, primarily in the U.S. and Europe, continue to work to solve the deficit and debt issues they are facing. At the same time, the long-term trends that we previously identified, challenges of globalization, increased regulation and the need for operational efficiency are even more prevalent today than they were a few months ago. Our clients continue to take steps to adjust to this new environment and this continues to drive demand for our services. With that, I will turn it back over to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for fiscal year 2012.
Pierre Nanterme: Rod, this is Pierre here. As we speak today and we have multiple conversation every day with our clients, we do not see that such things happening. We have very good discussions. I mean, clients are very well aware of what's happening outside. And indeed, they continue to think about how they're going to transform their operation to be more effective in the current environment. I mean, the trends we've talking about these last quarters are still there outside and we continue to see our clients investing.
Pierre Nanterme: Of course, we all know that Europe is, as we speak, probably challenged, which are with the global economic environment, but more specifically, with that called [ph] the sovereign debt. We know, as well, that all the governments are working extremely hard, as we speak, to find the right solution. And we expect that, indeed, they're going to find the right solution, and so we can move forward. Now if you look at Europe, you have very different countries in different situations. I think the north of Europe is remaining strong, including Germany, and you have a good momentum in the economy, even France is doing well. If you look at all Europe, they are planning anything between 1% to 2% growth, and that kind of growth is probably what you have been experiencing these last years. To some extent there is nothing really new in that part of the world, who has been operating on slower economic growth for years. Now if you look at our clients, our clients are the largest and more global organization. So as you know, they are not operating only in Europe but they are operating on a global basis and when they consider their investments, they are considering investing on a scale, which is going beyond Europe per se. And that's the kind of discussion we have with them when it comes to the global operating model, merger and acquisition, global expansion, all the discussion we have are going beyond Europe per se.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I will answer the question and I might give more color as we could. But overall, we are entering this year in a position of strength, as we mentioned before. We're pleased with the backlog we have. We are pleased with the level of the pipeline. We have good activity. And as we speak, we've not seen any change in the clients' behavior. When we look at the business, we can see growth in most of the dimension of our business, if you will. Most of the industries we are working with are on massive transformation for all sorts of good and valid reasons. We mentioned Financial Services. We all know what's happening in that industry, you have all the new imperative created with the Basel III, Solvency II and the need to change their operating model in the way which is more structural now than tactical in the past. And what I'm saying for Financial Services is true across the batch in all the industries. When you look at this from a geographic standpoint, of course, we are very pleased with our growth in our priority emerging markets, where we see as well more opportunities moving forward, and we are accelerating our growth in those markets. But as well, we continue to see good potential in the more mature economies as the need for transformation for all those big waves of globalization, regulation, more efficiency in the operations and as well, the new technology waves as being reasonably profound to carry forward in terms of the demand.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, my 3 favorite words, if you will, are growth, rigor and discipline, in that order. And I think when it comes to rigor and discipline, this is where the answer is coming. I think, for a long period of time, we have a track record of balancing supply-demand in the right way. We are extraordinarily specific in the way we forecast our business and we are looking in what's happening in every part of the world and our different organizations. And so this is what will continue to do to make sure that we are matching supply and demand in a very disciplined and rigorous way.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, if you look at this and reflect on fiscal year '11, as Pam mentioned, we have seen more deals in that range of bigger size, especially when it comes to the Outsourcing. And I think this trend is reflecting indeed the need for, on one hand, more transformation but as well, more transformation on the cost side. And I think this trend is reasonably profound in the business as all our clients will have to, one way or another, adjust the operating model to the new normal of the economy. They will need to structurally shift their cost and that's why I think we see that kind of trend around Business Process Outsourcing and Outsourcing.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, we can see this trend of course is going to be important. Of course, we have many activities around working with our clients to generate more top line revenue with them, but it's the kind of balance between generating more revenues as well as continuing -- doing a better job in terms of cost-to-management and this is where all what we are providing in terms of cost management, procurement, sourcing, and Outsourcing is one of the element, is vibrant as we speak.
Pierre Nanterme: Joe, it's an excellent question, of course. I think what's different is, I mean, the current situation is not taking anyone by surprise. I think this is the main difference. I mean, the uncertainty is coming from a very specific situation in Europe, with the sovereign debt, in some very specific countries. And it's very public now that our governments, especially in Europe, are working hard to fix that problem. That's point #1. The point #2 is our clients are significantly stronger as we speak now. They reveal very strong cash position. They're all posting good results as we speak, if not record results. Some are much bigger and are operating on a much broader scale, so they are more resilient as well. And 3, they're getting in the current environment in a way which is, they are more fit, if you will. They are now more looking forward than on a pure short-term basis to understand what it takes to compete in the new environment in a way which is, again, probably more structural than tactical. So I think all of this is reasonably different compared to the same period in '08, '09.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, probably, Europe, you're right, should be looked at in different countries, because when you look at this market, it is very different. As you know, Germany is doing very well, France is okay, the Nordic countries are still in good shape, the U.K. are trying to recover and then you have some very specific situation in the south. So indeed, it is very different. That being said, as we speak, and if you look at the IMF or all the economies that are still planning for Europe positive growth, slower but positive growth, that is the way we are looking at Europe, client-by-client, country-by-country and industry-by-industry.
Pierre Nanterme: And as you've seen, we've been very consistent with the investor and analyst today, because I think the uncertainty on the macroeconomic environment has not happened these last 2 months. I mean, that was something which has been around for quite a while for reasons [indiscernible]. And we always have been factoring in our forecast the puts and takes in what might happen in the economic environment. We started to do that in April. We look at it every quarter to understand what's the situation and based on what we know from the client demand, what we understand from the macroeconomic environment, we continue to believe that the 7% to 10% is the right forecast for Accenture as we are entering fiscal year '12.
Pierre Nanterme: So thanks again for joining us on today's call. As you heard, we're very pleased with our excellent performance in fiscal year '11 and now entering fiscal year '12 from a position of strength. Our strategy and our offerings are closely aligned with our clients' long-term competitive needs, as the 236,000 Accenture men and women around the world are fully mobilized and focused on running our business efficiently and on delivering solid business outcomes to our clients. In closing, we remain confident in our ability to drive profitable growth through the focused execution of our strategy. We look forward to talking with you again on our Q1 fiscal year '12 earnings call in December. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC to make arrangements for follow up. All the best.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. To tee up our fiscal year 2012 business outlook, I'd like to first share with you some of our thoughts on how we see this fiscal year shaping up. We believe, as Pierre just shared, that our strategy and our proven ability to serve our clients' needs, combined with critical business and technology trends, position us very well as we move forward. With that said, we recognize that global macroeconomic risks have increased and global growth has slowed in the last few months. This is not lost on us. And as you expect of us, we remain vigilant about understanding any impacts and managing our global business tightly. So let's start with a couple of assumptions. First, we do continue to assume positive economic growth in the global economy, although lower than where we assumed it in April, and we have factored that in. Second, regarding the impact of foreign exchange, we have looked at how the rates have been trending over the last couple of weeks. And at this time, we assume the impact of foreign exchange on our results in U.S. dollars to be flat for fiscal '12 compared to fiscal '11. The U.S. dollar is currently strengthening and this could end up causing a headwind to actual dollar growth this fiscal year. As we have done in the past, we will update the foreign exchange assumption each quarter, based on how the rates are trending compared to fiscal '11. Our outlook components remain the same. We plan to provide annual outlook in the areas we have in the past and we will continue to update you on these measures quarterly. We will continue to provide a quarterly outlook for revenue, so that you have a basis for understanding our level of business by quarter as we progress through the year. So starting with revenue for the first quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.8 billion to $7.0 billion. This assumes a foreign exchange impact of positive 3% compared to the first quarter in fiscal '11. For the full fiscal year, we continue to expect net revenue to grow in the range of 7% to 10% in local currency over fiscal '11. Although there has been puts and takes over the past 5 months, this is consistent with what we stated at our Investor and Analyst Conference on April 14 and confirmed last quarter. For the full fiscal year '12, we are targeting new bookings to be in the range of $28 billion to $31 billion. And as you know, our bookings can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. Fiscal year '12, we expect operating margin to be in the range of 13.7% to 13.9%, 10 to 30 basis point expansion. We will continue to balance profitability with making investments to position our business for the future. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as you've seen in the past. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28%. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '12 to be in the range of $3.80 to $3.88, or 12% to 14% growth, consistent with what we stated at our April Investor and Analyst Conference of at least 12% growth. Now let's turn to cash flow. For the full fiscal year, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be $490 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion. To update you in our thinking for uses of cash, we are on course to continue our strategy this fiscal year. We will continue pursuing strategic and targeted acquisitions as a part of our growth strategy. We also remain committed to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. In fiscal '12, we now expect to return at least $3 billion through a raised dividend and through share repurchases and also now expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 3%. In closing, we know we need to stay very close to what generates value for money for our clients and in doing so, we will be focused on doing what we do best, drive profitable growth for Accenture, provide valuable work for our people, maintain our strong balance sheet, generate significant free cash flow, a substantial portion of which we would then expect to return to shareholders. With that, let's open up, so that Pierre and I can take your questions.
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, so yes. Well, first of all, as you might imagine, we were very pleased with the bookings in -- regarding consulting, you may recall last quarter, we did expect then to tick up a bit in terms of the book-to-bill, and they did. And so that was good and I think the Outsourcing has just been building and coming on stronger each quarter. Most of those deals over $100 million that we had were in Outsourcing and saw a book-to-bill there of 1.5. So the Nokia deal was indeed in the quarter, but we don't comment specifically on that.
Pamela J. Craig: I think we do expect that they'll sort of build throughout the year, lumpy but do that, similar to the way they did in fiscal '11. So yes, potentially a little lighter.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, the growth rate that we provided for the Americas represented a reflected strength in the U.S. and Brazil and in Canada, all of them. And we do expect the U.S. to continue to be strong as we go forward.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, Julio, as you know, in our business, our visibility is much better in the first part of the year. And as we sit here today, we have roughly 13% more contracted revenue in place at this time this year versus last year, and that's based on strength in Outsourcing. So I think that the predictability in the second half of the year, given the macroeconomic uncertainty, especially in Europe, right, that's what we're thinking about. And but that's really -- and yes, calendar year budgets will kick in, but the visibility that we have right now is very good based on sort of the first few months, which especially affect consulting.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, in fiscal '11, we hired 70,000 people and the first half of this past year was sort of on a run rate less than that. And we expect the first half of '12 to be roughly comparable to the first half of last year.
Pamela J. Craig: Probably similar, I don't really have that many details on that. But just in terms of -- I would expect it to be similar.
Pamela J. Craig: Okay, great. So 2 separate questions. I think just in terms of recruiting, there's really nothing to point out there specifically. I mean, we're matching supply and demand for our business around the world, both locally and in the Global Delivery Network. So there's really not too much more color to add there. In terms of Financial Services, we do have our eye on the consulting part of Financial Services in Europe, probably for obvious reasons, just in terms of what's going on there. We have a lot of critical transformational work going on with those clients, as Pierre talked about. But we may see a little, just slight cutback in some other consulting work. And that is reflected in the Q4 results and also in our outlook.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I think, we of course, look at that and we look at the pipeline every which way. And the average days of the opportunities there in the pipeline is slightly up. But interestingly, with that trend, we ended up with a win rate that was higher. So that really then delivered the record bookings. And also, the way those bookings are converting into revenues is also faster at the moment. And so the conversion rate is very good, the aging, slightly up.
Pamela J. Craig: Just may be I'll just give you a little color on -- I mentioned the puts and takes on the 7% to 10% growth rate that we first talked about in April at our Investor/Analyst Day. And so just in terms of some of that, I mean, clearly, in the macro, we see that the forecast for GDP has ticked down, say, 0.5 point to 1 point in that time frame. And we have moderated our consulting growth in FS Europe as I had mentioned and also parts of Management Consulting. And then on the positive side, we indeed had the signing of the Nokia deal. We also had the 2 acquisitions in Financial Services, one signed, one about to be signed, that Pierre mentioned. And we also had higher run rate of revenues through the fourth quarter and with bookings, as I mentioned, that are converting at a faster pace. So that's how it all sort of kind of came out in terms of just at a high level in terms of the 7% to 10% that we see at this moment.
Pamela J. Craig: I think we don't expect the mix of bookings to change significantly but it may tilt back towards Outsourcing slightly, that's how we see it today.
Pamela J. Craig: The other thing that I'll just add to that, Jason, is globalization and complexity. I mean, the clients are really trying to do some pretty big things in order to continue to invest to compete globally. And so that has really played to our strengths. And of course, what's happening with the tech wave, with Cloud, with Analytics, Mobility, those are all generating, I think, additional demand throughout this past year.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, you know, just on the subcontractor usage. I mean, we started out the year with using more of them, maybe than we had planned for, because of how the demand was coming in stronger and we've now backed off on that a little bit so that our subcontractor usage is not as -- is a little bit lesser part of our mix as we finished the year.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, like as we always do, Arvind, right? I mean, this is just what we expect to happen and sometimes, I mean, I think the level of attrition that we saw we view as a very healthy level in terms of -- and you know with, this is just -- as Pierre mentioned earlier, managing supply and demand is an extremely important part of what we do.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, yes, I mean, things are sitting in the pipeline a little bit longer. However, in terms of things coming out of the pipeline, we were converting more, so that relates to win rate. And then also, we're converting it faster to revenue. Because sometimes things are booked but they don't become revenue for a while.
Pamela J. Craig: So that is -- I mean, we do see more contracts and work with clients that needs to get going faster in a bigger way. And in our mix, we saw that this quarter.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I believe it is, yes. I think it shows that the demand is strong, let's get started. And so clearly, I think that is a positive indicator, yes.
Pamela J. Craig: I mean, just to answer this question specifically about initiatives, most of those flow through on the sales and marketing line. So they're not in gross margin per se. And I think that just what happens between the sales and marketing line in gross margin is that there are various things that people do in addition to serving contracts that is in gross margin that goes into both of those lines. And so sometimes, you just sort of see some back-and-forth between those during the year.
