Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and everyone, for joining us. Before diving into our results, thank you to our 624,000 incredibly talented people around the world, including over 8,500 managing directors. This past fiscal year, your hard work and dedication to creating value that matters for our clients was unwavering, despite the ongoing and sometimes quite extreme challenges of COVID. We've had a truly extraordinary year, as reflected in our outstanding financial results and in the 360 degree value we delivered beyond our financials. From the over 120,000 promotions and over 31 million training hours, an increase of 43% for our people, to increasing our workforce by approximately 118,000 people, creating significant employment opportunities in our communities, to achieving 46% women on our way to our goal of gender parity by 2025, to our top three ranking in the Refinitiv Global Diversity and Inclusion Index, for the fourth consecutive year. To the number one position with our largest ecosystem partners, to the exciting accomplishment of 50% renewable energy now powering our offices and centers globally, to the donation of $54 million in COVID surge relief. In December, we will publish our first ever annual 360 degree value report to more fully describe the FY'21 value we created in all directions and we’ll report against three additional key ESG frameworks: SASB, TCFD, and WEF/IBC. We believe that the trust we have from our clients and partners, our continuous innovation, and our ability to consistently attract the best people, including the 56,000 net new hires this past quarter, are directly linked to our commitment to measuring our success by how well we create this 360 degree value for all our stakeholders, clients, people, partners, shareholders, and communities, and on our culture of shared success. Here are some key financial highlights of the year, which position us strongly as we begin FY'22. FY'21 demonstrated our leadership in helping our clients achieve compressed transformation, with 72 clients with bookings greater than $100 million compared to 53 last year and 229 diamond clients, our largest client relationships compared to 216 last year. With a 20% increase in bookings to $59 billion, we have strong momentum across all dimensions of our business across geographic markets, industries, and services. Reaching revenues of $50.5 billion, a significant milestone, representing 11% growth, we added $6.2 billion in revenue this year, gaining significant market share with 40 basis points of operating margin expansion, demonstrating, yet again, our ability to grow profitably and at scale. We achieved this profitable growth while investing at a higher level than ever before, with $4.2 billion in acquisitions; $1.1 billion in R&D in assets, platforms, and industry solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to more than 8,200; and total training investment of $900 million. And according to BrandZ, our brand value increased 56% to over $64 billion, ranking us number 27 on the prestigious BrandZ's Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands list. Finally, I want to highlight cloud and our ability to move with agility to serve our clients' needs and capture momentum in the market. At the beginning of FY'21, after investing in cloud for a decade, we saw that the pandemic would dramatically accelerate our clients' move to the cloud. More than technology, the move to the cloud would be about the adoption of a new operating system for future enterprise, a dynamic continuum of capabilities from public to edge to everything in between, opening up radically new ways for companies to work, compete, and drive value. Just over one year ago, we created Accenture Cloud First to capitalize on this momentum, bringing together all of our capabilities from migration to cloud-native development, data AI, industry talent, and change. Accenture Cloud First was the biggest driver of our overall cloud business growth from $12 billion to $18 billion, a 44% increase. KC, over to you.
Julie Sweet: Sure. So great question, and thanks, Keith. So, first of all, as you indicated, we've got a really strong track record. And so, this step up in acquisition comes based on years of experience, including and fine-tuning integration, so that's number one. Secondly, our acquisitions happen globally. And then as I've talked about this year, they're pretty evenly balanced. And why it is that important? When we switched to our model earlier this year of a geographic-focused model from a P&L perspective, one of the reasons is to allow us as well to be super close to our people. And most of these acquisitions are not global, right? Some are like an umlaut, but like for example, Project Novetta, in the federal business, very local. And the vast majority are in one or two markets. Like there -- and so, the integration, it's not like you have this enormous company that's trying to integrate lots of people all over the globe at the same time. We have senior leaders accountable for the acquisitions. And so, we really get the right balance. And we have our own -- and so, for example, when we look at this, we look at market-by-market how many acquisitions are we doing in this market, so how does that enable us to make sure that we can spend the time? So, this is a finely tuned approach for integration. And of course, we bring on people in acquisition or not all the time. And so, this focus on culture is just part of who we are.
Julie Sweet: Great. Well, thanks, Lisa, nice to talk to you. So, first of all, and I talked a little bit about this in the script. We are still very early in the transformation of companies in building just their digital core. So, for example, if you look at something like SAP, their stats that they could point out, you sort of have less than 20% of companies who've actually both bought and begun implementing S/4HANA, right? And we see the move to the cloud. You've got sort of maybe today, roughly 25% to 30% of workload. So, there's a lot of work, which is a multiyear journey in actually building the digital core, and then at the same time transforming the way they work. And there -- so, we've got multiyear ahead. And even when you look at who is doing compressed transformation, you have this core of leaders and leapfrogger. But the vast majority of companies are not yet engaged in compressed transformation. So, just from a multiyear outlook on the fundamentals of re-platforminig and moving to a true digital-enabled enterprise is still in early stages. Then you add on top of that, there are whole parts of the enterprise where even the technologies are really new. And so Industry X is a great example of that. We see that as the next digital frontier, and we're still very, very early. And so, that will be kind of its own wave as we look forward. And then areas like sustainability, again, technology is early. Every industry has to find its way on sustainability. And so, as we think about our own growth strategy, it starts with what our clients need. So, we continue to diversify the parts of the enterprise that we're serving. And that enables -- that's what our clients need, and that enables the next wave of growth for us. And we continue to innovate and anticipate, like in sustainability, what our clients need. And so, when you kind of take his, you see, both from serving the enterprise, the maturity of that. And then on add on top of that that there are areas that are evergreen, like interactive, it's all about client, the growth agenda, it's always going to change. Manufacturing will be the same. Security grows as the digital landscape grows. So, hopefully, that gives you a flavor of how we're thinking about, both our next ways of growth and just the resiliency of the diversity of what we do.
Julie Sweet: So just think if we have consulting and outsourcing, right, so managed services is just another term for outsourcing. And so, if you think about our operations business, which is now about $8 billion, right? So, all the managed services we provide, everything from finance and accounting to industry specific, like we called out in the script, the stuff we're doing in telecom, we're doing things in insurance, in both health and P&C, so we have industry specific, we have marketing services through that. Then of course, there's our powerful IT services, we've been doing outsourcing for years, right, term application outsourcing is an industry term. And then, we have our managed services and security, we bought Symantec last year. And so, this is a core part when you think about our revenue between consulting and outsourcing. And the point that's happening now is that we've already done this, but what we're seeing is, I just had a call with the CEO the other day, who's like he started a call with like, Julie, I'm really having a hard time hiring people in digital, right? And how are you seeing companies help and we talked about how, by strategically outsourcing like in security, in marketing, you can access the digital talent, and it becomes part of their own talent strategy to address the work for talent, while at the same time, digitizing faster, I have another client who said look, you had 50 things that my IT department was about to build in order for us to automate and transform and I get it through your SynOps platform, the same as to on the IT and infrastructure side. And, of course, infrastructure managed services in the cloud growing area as well from the move to the cloud. So, I think the shift we were calling out is just how strategic this is, at a time of compress transformation, because it's meeting the needs of the war on talent, and the need to digitize and the need to move fast at the same time.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And I think that's important because you look at a headline number, and then you'd have to really kind of understand whereas the attrition, and at the same time, as you might imagine, we're always very focused on making sure that we're attractive. So, we're very pleased at our executive retention is going very well. I think we are very much focused on our employee value proposition. And when you think about the actions you've taken like a record number of 120,000 promotions, the training that we're providing people that's really valued. And then, frankly, things like the way that we have approached vaccines, right? So we've now vaccinated 85,000 of our people in their families directly in addition to what we're supporting through like in the U.S. through our carriers. And as I talked a little bit about in the script, what we find is people really care about the fact that they are working for a company that focuses on financials and all of the other -- what we call 360 degree values. So, what we're doing in sustainability, being a leader that we're going to be carbon emission by 2025 really matters. And so, we continue to look at how can we help our people be net better off succeed personally and professionally, and be proud of a company that not only creates value, but leads with values.
Julie Sweet: Okay. Thanks. I will cover the head count. So, I would just first start with in this market with a war for talent, we're very pleased with the 56,000 net additional people that we hired in Q4, as we see strong momentum, really continuing in FY'22, and you see that again in our growth rates for the first quarter, we're off to a strong start at 18% to 22% in Q1, and the full-year at the top end at 15%. And we were able to accelerate some of our hiring, and we plan to continue to do so in quarter one, in order to have the talented people that we need to match demand in the market. And so, that's to your first question on hiring. To your second question on V&A, I won't guide longer term, and to the amount of spend that we're going to do past '22 in V&A. It remains an important part of our strategy on a go-forward basis.
Julie Sweet: Yes, I'll start with that. I think, Ashwin, our financial model really remains the same in terms of three key imperatives that we have to go through each year, which is grow faster than the market take share, modest margin expansion while investing at scale and our business and our people. So, in the last part, maybe just talk about op margin. So, we are very proud of the 10% to 30%, that we have this year. That does imply obviously, that we will continue to get efficiencies in how we run our business, both in terms of how we deliver to our clients, as well as within the SG&A and how we run our own organization.
Julie Sweet: Yes, I mean I think we're not really sizing that today. I mean, if we think about cloud as the entire enterprise, so sort of hard to sort of do that. What we'd say is, this will be I mean, we're already at $5 billion and we consider it the next digital frontier and it's super early, right, some technologies have just really been coming online in the last year or two that are cloud based. And when you look at like what we're doing for example, like Vivienne Westwood, one of the largest independent global fashion companies, we're doing a new PLM solution for them. We're doing so for Ahlstrom, Ahlstrom a ultimate global leader in transportation where you doing the same in a power company so that the range of what we're doing I mean is both broad based in terms of industry. And so, we do think of this as really a big growth driver for the future, but not sizing it today.
Julie Sweet: All right, well now it's time to wrap up. In closing, I want to thank all of our people and our Managing Directors for what you all do every day, our people at actions and results in FY'21 has really put us in a terrific position as we go into FY'22 to create even more value ahead. And I know I and the entire leadership team are super excited and confident about what's to come. And I'll simply end by thanking all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well everyone. Thanks.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter fiscal '22, we expect revenues to be in the range of $13.9 billion to $14.35 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about positive 0.5%, compared to the first quarter of fiscal '21, and reflects an estimated 18% to 22% growth of currency. For the full fiscal year '22, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results, in U.S. dollars, will be approximately negative 0.5% compared to fiscal '21. For the full fiscal '22, we expect our revenue to be in the range of 12% to 15% growth in local currency over fiscal '21, which includes an inorganic contribution of about 5% as we continue to expect to invest about $4 billion in acquisitions. For operating margin, we expect fiscal year '22 to be 15.2% to 15.4%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '21 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1% in fiscal '21. For earnings per share, we expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal '22 to be in the range of $9.90 to $10.18 or 13% to 16% growth over adjusted fiscal '21 results. For the full fiscal '22, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.2 billion to $8.7 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $7.5 billion to $8 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we expect to return at last $6.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie.
KC McClure: Sure, it's great, thanks. Nice to hear from you, Keith. Yes, so our free cash flow of $7.5 billion to $8 billion, it reflects very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. And so, we're really pleased with that. And it does have slightly higher CapEx expense of $700 million. So, that's one slight difference from over '21. We did have exceptionally strong free cash flow in fiscal year '21 at 1.5 free cash flow to net income ratio, and that is just exceptional performance. It's not unusual for us to have free cash flow guidance at the beginning of the year, that is a decrease over what we've done in the previous years. And then lastly, we do allow for a slight uptick in DSO in our guidance for next year, which would still be very industry-leading DSO performance.
KC McClure: Yes, thanks, Bryan. So, there's nothing really to point out in terms of Q4 bookings with outsourcing, they can just be a little bit lumpy. But it was very strong performance. But let me just maybe talk a little bit about overall bookings as we head into '22, we do feel really good about the momentum in our business. And as Julie went through, we had 72 clients with bookings over $100 million this year. And you can see that then helping us as we head into FY'22, Bryan with 18% to 22% that we have in Q1. And you also see that in our 12% to 15% revenue range that we have for fiscal '22. I think it's important to also note that, it does include about 5% in organic contribution, but it's at the top end of our revenue range, again driven by bookings, it's going to represent about 10% organic growth at the upper end. And while we do benefit from an easier compare in the first-half, it does continue to imply strong organic growth in the second-half. And if you look at why is that, when you peel back bookings, again pleased with the $15 billion that we had in Q4, strong book-to-bill is 1.1, it is $60 billion for the whole year with double-digit growth in consulting. And I think it's important also net consulting bookings, we had $8 billion for the last three quarters, which is terrific. In outsourcing, which for the entire year have had a very strong book-to-bill of 1.2 in all three markets and services. And when you peel it back, there's really three things again, just peeling back bookings for you, there's three things that I would also note, one is that yes, we did have a lot of larger bookings that help us for -- position us well for the future throughout FY'22, but we had a nice mix all the way through to the smaller deals which benefit near-term revenue. The second thing is that the bookings were very broad-based across all of our services, and that includes strategy and consulting, which is really good as well. And lastly, they're aligned as Julie talked quite a bit about our strategic priorities cloud, Industry X and security for example.
KC McClure: Yes. So, let me just maybe talk a little bit about the numbers, and Julie can give some other color here, but our managed attrition 90% Bryan was really the fourth quarter was in the zone that we expected. And it's 14% for the year, and we've been at 19% before. It's obviously a very hot market right now, but when you peel it back, it continues to be more in the lower part of the pyramid, and it's largely concentrated in India where we really don't have any issues in hiring.
KC McClure: Yes. And I think it's just to remember taking a step back, on two things. One is on the people side, we made a deliberate decision to accelerate hiring this quarter and next quarter, which given as you said, the environment and our ability to attract people we think makes sense so that we're not -- we're not worried about being constrained with respect to people. And we're able to do that. And I think that's a huge differentiator for us. And secondly, and we made a decision last year, and we've made a decision this year in V&A to really invest and take advantage of our ability to invest to serve our clients. And when I got clients, one of the things that we talk about is, and clients really value is that when they're partnering with us, they're partnering not just for the capabilities we have today, but because we have a track record of investing year in and year out and creating and anticipating their needs. And we point to the kinds of acquisitions like in Umlaut, like in Nevada, like Infinity Works in cloud, that we're doing it in markets all around the world to benefit them. And so, we believe this is really setting us up last year and this year, right for this next ways of growth. And it's truly differentiating in the eyes of our clients.
KC McClure: Yes, maybe just set a couple of points. I'm glad to acknowledge that revenue growth is not easy. So, thank you for that. But we're just taking a step back to just to make sure, because I think over the last decade you've seen a real shift in the professional services industry. The nature of the exponential technology change and the need to help clients move faster, and do so more efficiently has meant that you need to be able to invest significantly. So, as we think about moving forward, like the investments we've done to build, SynOps like to and continue to evolve it to build industry solutions as you mentioned, require us to continuously innovate, invest. You saw that in our IP patent portfolio. And so, what I would say is, it's not that you sort of say, here's the revenue, and then can you just fundamentally ship because there is significant cost. Having all aspects of our business grow like this is not simply, because there's demand. It's the solutions we're bringing them. And as I've talked about in prior earnings call, it isn't linear today even, because we've automated so much of what we do when you look at something like our operations business, you look at my wizard, and we continue to do so. And that's really part of the business now. And so, I think it's important to kind of understand what's helping drive the demand for our services. The way we're gaining market share is not simply because there's a lot of demand in the market, but the solutions we're bringing. And this is our big differentiator, because we can go all the way from strategy to operations right? All of the examples we're giving involve multiple assets or services and you can't just build that overnight either, right? So, the fact that we're becoming integrated in talent strategy in our outsourcing and we also call managed services is about being trusted. And the fact that we could deliver during the pandemic and be a trusted partner puts us in a very different place than others who might be trying to build these capabilities.
KC McClure: Yes, so Ashwin, just I'll first start with revenue, our revenue guidance the 12 to 15, it does not include any specific up tick from reimbursable travel, and if that assumption changes will reflect that in our updated guidance. And as Julie said, just in terms of increases to travel assumed in our overall P&L for '22, it is difficult to predict, but we do have an increased build into particularly in the back half of the year for some travel costs.
KC McClure: Yes, I will answer both questions in really the same way, which is for the fourth quarter, we were slightly above our FX adjusted guided range, but we always try to aim to be in the top quadrant, top part of our guided range. And really just this year, it's been a story of an unprecedented ramp. So, we're really pleased that we were able to kind of nail down where we thought we would end up the quarter. And it's the same thing really for '22, it's not any change in visibility, it's not any change in the way we're doing things. We always call it as we see it, these are our best estimates. And with the 12 and 15 all parts, all points are in possibility. That's why they're in the range, but we continue like we always do to aim for the top quadrant in top part of the range, no change.
KC McClure: Yes, thank you. Yes, so we feel good about our pipeline as we head into the fiscal year, I would say, I will just comment on Q1 bookings, we do feel really good about where we are, historically, we do see some seasonality in Q1 and large deals can make things lumpy, but we feel really good about our positioning for the first quarter. And in terms of revenue growth, I'll just say that for quarter one, we see consulting continuing in strong double-digits and outsourcing in the double-digit range.
KC McClure: Yes, for the full-year, I mean consulting should continue to be strong double-digits and outsourcing depending on where we landed, the range will be high single to low double-digits.
KC McClure: You know, clearly, valuations, we participate in the overall market, you've seen what valuations have done in the overall market, but I would just say that, we have pretty high hurdle rates in terms of what we expect from our business cases. And we track that very closely, as you would expect of us. And we're very pleased with our ongoing performance of our portfolio against the hurdle rates that we put forth in this business cases.
