Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are pleased with our results for the third quarter, which demonstrate that our strategy and the diversity of our business continue to differentiate Accenture in the marketplace and enable us to drive profitable growth. Here are a few highlights. We delivered new bookings of $7.3 billion, bringing us to $23 billion for the first 3 quarters of the year. Revenues were $7.2 billion, up 9% in local currency, with growth across all 5 operating groups and all 3 geographic regions and outstanding revenue growth in outsourcing. We delivered earnings per share of $1.03, an increase of 11%. We increased operating income 12% to $1.1 billion and expanded operating margin to 14.8%. We continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.6 billion. And we returned more than $1.1 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semi-annual cash dividend. Given how we see our business shaping up for the year, we are confirming our outlook for revenue growth of 10% to 12% for the year. Now let me hand over to Pam who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. As you just heard, our results demonstrate that our services and offerings remain very relevant to our clients, and we are fully mobilized to continue to drive profitable growth. Let me start by sharing our view on the macroeconomic environment. We continue to monitor global economic conditions very closely. We have seen renewed challenges around the sovereign debt issue in Europe, as well as confirmation of a slowdown in the forecast for the global economic growth. In this context, our highly diverse portfolio of business serves us very well as we are leveraging new capabilities and technologies to bring innovative solutions to clients across many different industries and geographic markets. At the same time, we are accelerating the execution of our strategy to seize new opportunities in the marketplace. Overall, we see strong demand for our services as our clients, the leaders in their industries, continue to see the need to transform their businesses to address the challenges of globalization, consolidation, regulation and technology innovation. Here are a few examples of how we are leveraging the full depth and breadth of our capabilities to help clients drive transformation and achieve very tangible results. We are helping the U.S. Army streamline business processes to create a single source for financial, property, cost management and performance data at more than 200 locations worldwide. This is one of the largest ERP system in the world, processing more than 1 million transactions a day and supporting a $140 billion general fund. With access to high-quality, real-time data, our client can make more informed decisions to better leverage resources and plan for the future. We're helping a large Europe-based retailer go green and go mobile. We implemented a new supply chain designed to encourage recycling and ultimately reduce costs for the client, cutting their environmental footprint by as much as 50%. And we are helping them build a global mobile platform that will enable their customers to shop and quickly pay for purchases using their mobile devices. Many of our clients are seeking technology innovation to develop new capabilities, and this is driving demand for our services. We are working with a global health care company to transform its digital marketing capabilities by migrating more than 1,500 websites for nearly 100 different brands across 65 countries to a single cloud-based platform. The new integrated platform will enable the company to reduce costs significantly and connect directly with physicians and health care providers around the world. We are helping a leading global consumer goods company build and manage digital marketing campaigns to support more than 100 brands globally through new channels, including the Web and mobile devices. We now produce and deliver these campaigns in more than 20 languages across 60 countries and are using analytics to measure their effectiveness. We continue to drive geographic expansion, focusing on a number of growth markets, both mature underpenetrating markets, as well as our 10 priority emerging markets. Our business in the United States is performing very well. We are continuing to gain market share and are investing to expand the range of innovative services and capabilities we provide to clients. Earlier this fiscal year, we acquired Zenta and formed Accenture Credit Services to help mortgage lenders originate and service loans more efficiently. Accenture Credit Services is now serving more than 75 institutions, including 4 of the 5 largest U.S. banks, making Accenture one of the top 3 third-party mortgage processing providers in the U.S. In our priority emerging markets, we are particularly pleased with our performance in China, where we are helping clients transform to compete more effectively. We are working with a major Chinese utility to develop a new smart grid strategy to build an eco-friendly smart grid to provide them -- more than 1 billion people with reliable, clean and cost-efficient electricity. At the same time that we are working with clients to transform their businesses and improve operation, our global leadership team continues to run Accenture with a relentless focus on cost efficiency and operational excellence to deliver against our commitments. With that, let me turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Over to you, Pam.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, to answer your question and -- I mean, we truly believe here, because we have been shaping that strategy, that we are executing the right strategy and probably starting with clients. I mean, for a long, long time now, we've been focusing on these large leaders, local or global. And it's happened in the current environment, the leaders, they continue to invest because they have to transform. I mean, that's probably what that is. And I mean, the trends we're talking about are extraordinary deep and profound outside. I mean, what we're calling the -- I mean, the globalization, the consolidation. Look at the regulation and all those technology innovation, are putting some significant pressure on those companies to continue transforming and, especially, probably in some industries such as banking, I know personally very well, where you're clearly in a new normal environment, or even communication, when the market is transforming rapidly, it's creating an environment where those companies, they have to transform their operations and using the capabilities we are providing at scale. And mainly, on the global footprint, either in the outsourcing, which is extremely vibrant, or in the consulting, especially when it comes to the, what I would call, the new. Around the new technology, around the cloud, mobile. I mean, you probably heard me talking a lot around cloud-based mobile analytics, because all those new technologies are providing good business cases and good return for the companies. So that's the environment. And the fact that we articulated our strategy around the giants or the big -- the leaders, sorry, industry differentiation, new technology, geographic expansion and all of these, with maximum rigor and discipline in running Accenture, is paying off.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I think, overall, to answer on the pricing, and I think I can mention Europe before we answer on a broader basis, pricing is remaining stable. The environment is competitive, but the pricing is remaining stable. So no sign on this. Now I mean, so far, we have no sign of contagion, if you will. If you look at our results in Q3, America has been growing double-digits. And as I mentioned, we are very pleased with the situation in the United States, holding costs. And we have a strong double-digit in APAC in our business. So no sign of contagion at that point in time.
Pierre Nanterme: And just to -- I mean, let's elaborate a second on this. I mean, what we know is all those companies, and especially the large U.S. corporations, been working extremely hard these last 3, 4 years to streamline their operation, to build a very strong cash position and to put that in the situation to invest in further effectiveness. So our clients in the U.S. are strong companies with strong cash positions.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. No, I think you're absolutely right, Pam. I mean, first, the crisis is different. I mean, what happened in '08 is the business stopped, and the business stopped because the money flows stopped. And so that was the situation. Of course, we -- our clients are absolutely not in the same situation as '08 or '09. I mean, the money -- there's no liquidity crunch, and we know that all the central banks are working extraordinary hard to provide liquidity to the financial system. So we do not -- there is not a kind of out stop [ph] because there is no blood in the company bodies, so to speak. So now what we are doing with our strategy is just working extraordinary hard to continue making the business as diverse as possible and having multiple growth engines from an industry standpoint, from a business standpoint, from an offering standpoint and from a geographic standpoint. So that's part one of our strategy. Diversification around the professional services business, together with running the -- our business as a tight ship so we are prepared to be extraordinary flexible in the way we are running our operation to face whatever might happen in the market, and we are doing that consistently quarter after quarter.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I will not comment on the growth rate, but I will comment on the industry and why indeed you've seen this 8% this quarter and a good growth, even when compared to some of our competitors. Again, what we've seen -- it's an industry, especially -- but first, we grow very well in the insurance, across the path -- the patch, both in consulting and outsourcing. So let's focus maybe around banking. And all those banks are under a big pressure, mainly in Europe being compliant to the Basel III new regulation. And so that's something you can't escape. I mean, Basel III is coming, and the banks will have to comply, both from a regulatory standpoint but from an operational standpoint, to what Basel III is all about. And of course, the first impact is around their -- I mean, to reshape their operations to change to breakeven, which means that they need to rethink their operating model in a way which is extremely profound. And that's why you've seen that outsourcing in Europe in Financial Services has been so vibrant. It is because there is an imperative for those institutions to comply with the new normal of the Basel III, and they have to do it.
Pierre Nanterme: Well, yes. And I mean, I'm personally very excited with the prospect offered by that industry. As you know, in all this pharma world, there is something called a patent cliff, which is -- I know with the occurrence of the Basel III, but it's very deep. It's going to create a deep impact on those organization, and they will have to significantly rethink what it is they want to do, what kind of business they want to be in, how are they going to move to the generic compared to the other part of their business and so forth. So what I feel is, indeed, pharma should and could offer good opportunities for transformation, given what's happening with this patent cliff kind of event.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. No, I don't believe we could identify kind of across the patch -- pattern on this. I mean, you need to look at the situation and look client by client. And based on their environment, we can have even some clients making decisions extremely rapidly, because they feel that they need to move at speed and at scale to transform. And we have some retransactions. We've been moving quite quickly. And you have other transactions in the context with some clients, because of a very contingent situation where they are thoughtful and they would take a little bit more time to make that decision. So it's really a kind of client-by-client situation, more than a kind of across-the-board pattern.
Pierre Nanterme: Thanks again to all of you for joining us today. We believe that our results in Q3 and year-to-date demonstrate that we are executing the right strategy, a strategy that resonates with our clients. Our highly diversified portfolio of business continues to position us well to drive profitable growth in the current economic environment. And I can assure you that the 249,000 women and men of Accenture are focused on delivering results for our clients but as well for our shareholders. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. And also, we look forward to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst Day in New York in October when our leadership team will provide an update on our business strategy to further differentiate Accenture in the marketplace. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC to make arrangements for a follow-up. All the best.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. This business outlook for fiscal year 2012 includes fourth quarter revenues and our last quarterly view on the year. As we head into the last quarter of our fiscal 2012, we feel the volatility and economic uncertainty around the world, and we expect it to continue. Although the demand environment is uneven in spots, particularly in consulting, there are many areas of strengths, particularly in outsourcing. So with that in mind, let me share how that factors into our view of Q4 and the full fiscal year. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.6 billion to $6.85 billion, which assumes a foreign exchange impact of negative 7% for the quarter. We saw a significant deterioration of FX rates beginning in late May, which had a substantial effect on our Q4 FX assumption, as well as an impact for the full year. Taking that into account, for the full fiscal year, we have updated our prior assumption of negative 1% and now assume a foreign exchange impact of negative 2%. Based on our year-to-date results of 12% revenue growth in local currency and the outlook just provided for Q4, we continue to expect our fiscal '12 revenue to be in the range of 10% to 12% growth in local currency and not lower than 10.4%. Consistent with what we shared last quarter, we expect strong growth in outsourcing to continue and consulting revenue to moderate a little further. We continue to expect bookings to fall within our new bookings range of $28 billion to $31 billion for the fiscal year, and we expect to be toward the upper end of that range, even with the updated foreign exchange impact. We continue to expect operating margin to be in the range of 13.7% to 13.9%, a 10- to 30-basis-point expansion over the last fiscal year. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28% for fiscal '12. This means that for Q4, we expect the tax rate to be above the annual range. We now expect earnings per share for the full fiscal year to be in the range of $3.80 to $3.84. We have narrowed our EPS range from an $0.08 range to a $0.04 range for the last quarter of the fiscal year. We have also lowered EPS overall by $0.04 to reflect our updated assumption for the impact of foreign exchange on our revenues for the year. Finally, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.55 billion to $3.85 billion, with property and equipment additions of $350 million and, as a result, free cash flow to continue to be in the range we provided last quarter of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion. We remain committed to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. In fiscal '12, we continue to expect to return at least $3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by at least 2%. Next quarter, we will provide our business outlook for fiscal '13. We see good opportunities shaping up across our operating groups in most markets around the world, and our goal continues to be to grow ahead of the market and build market share. We will provide more detail when we announce our fourth quarter results and provide fiscal year '13 guidance in 3 months time. As we close out fiscal year '12, we are focused on driving profitable revenue growth, continuing our market share gains, maintaining a strong balance sheet and, as always, generating significant free cash flow. KC, let's take some questions.
Pamela J. Craig: Sure. So I think the -- in my comments, I tried to highlight that there is one spot in Europe where we are a little more focused, and that's in communications, media and technology consulting. I think there is -- as Pierre mentioned, there's other areas. I mean, outsourcing is strong overall in Europe, and consulting has some patches like this. The Financial Services, I would say, is holding its own despite the market there, in banking, et cetera. But those are the patches where we're watching and looking to see how we continue to evolve to serve our clients there. Does that get at it, Darrin? I'm...
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, I think that we have a long tradition of local leadership there that -- with many great companies that are our clients. And those companies are focused on being as competitive as they can be, given the constraints of their environment, both locally and, in many cases, globally. And so I think that we are well positioned to help them save money, become more efficient and grow their businesses.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, I think your math's roughly right on the fourth quarter, Tien-Tsin. And just to kind of give you a little more details on that, we continue to see similar strength in outsourcing of mid to high teens. And I think, in consulting, it could be as much as this quarter to a modest decline, just in terms of the range we see there. And I think as we shape up next year, we believe that we will see growth in consulting. And we also believe that outsourcing will continue to be healthy.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. And we do see our pipeline up in outsourcing in Europe. So I think that supports that thesis, Rod. And I mean, to your point, I think we expect to continue to hold our own with the strength there and then work to evolve on the consulting business, which is definitely holding up in some industries in Europe. And then in other areas, we need to evolve it.
Pamela J. Craig: No, we don't believe so. I mean, the difference between the consulting and the outsourcing business is we do see more at the contract profitability line in consulting. But then when you consider the rest of the costs that go into our cost base, we are prepared to -- and as you know, we've seen this happen over the course of our history where proportionally, the demand is greater in one than the other. And I am confident that we'll be able to manage that cost base to continue to drive for modest margin expansion.
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, you were the one who said that you were glad that I was not giving guidance for fiscal '13. So not going to do it.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I think the way the pipeline is shaping up and the way we see the business shaping up going forward is that we believe we're going to hold our own there, Bryan. And I'm not going to lay out the quarter-by-quarter thing, but we just believe that we will have growth overall next year in consulting.
Pamela J. Craig: We haven't flowed all that out yet, and so we'll be prepared to give you our assumption next quarter.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I don't know how you know what our consulting headcount is, because we gave you total headcount and then also the Global Delivery Network. And of course...
Pamela J. Craig: I'm looking at our marketing communications person, and she's saying no. So I don't know. So here's what I do know, that our headcount is up 3,000 people, including in our Global Delivery Network. In fact, on a net basis, that's where it all is. And those people work on consulting work, too, so it's not -- so this is -- and again, we don't give a specific consulting headcount per se.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, we don't see a delay in decisions. We do see some changes in demand patterns. So for example, in management consulting, we saw less of the very small projects and the same in system integration, and that's concentrated in Europe. Less of the really small stuff. And so we did see that some of that bigger stuff that's coming through in management consulting has been converting to revenue a little slower on an overall basis as you look at the whole map.
Pamela J. Craig: Just to one of your points, just on the pricing, is that we do see a continuation of work moving to our Global Delivery Network. And so on the margin, that puts a little bit of pressure on the top line, but that's not pricing per se, and it does allow us to very effectively offer good cost savings opportunities to our clients.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I guess my reaction is that we're more resilient in the sense that we're bigger, more diverse. We have certainly, I think, worked really hard in terms of our positioning with our clients, and the clients are in better shape. And so I think there's a lot that's different about today's environment. And so I'd just offer that.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, and it's very similar. Right now, we have 13% more revenue under contract over the next 4 quarters versus this time last year. And that is driven by strength in outsourcing. So this is, I think, good visibility. But of course, the rest has to fill in as it always does.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I think -- I mean, consulting and outsourcing bookings are a little different. Outsourcing tends to be more lumpy. So we -- and we do look at the book-to-bills. And I think that was very important, and they will always be very important. This thing that I find interesting about this Q4 is that we already have 3 large contracts in this Q4. So I think we're off to a good start in that sense. And I mean, as always, I guess the book-to-bill is the most important thing.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I agree. We're positive on the opportunities and the pipeline we see in Financial Services, including in Europe, and it's because of these trends and how much in a big way these trends hit the Financial Services industry.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, Ed, as you know, I won't size it as a percent of revenue. But I will tell you that we call it life sciences, and I actually mentioned it a little bit in my comments. And we did see good growth in that industry overall globally, and we see many good opportunities shaping up there.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, sometimes the guys kind of overestimate a little bit. So I would say that it's just a little prudence in spending and then there is some foreign exchange impact there as well.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, we do see -- as would be natural, right, that there is evolutions in demand patterns. And I think it's fair to say, in this environment, clients are careful, right? They're dotting the Is and crossing Ts. They're trying to make sure the business cases are good, which I think is all very positive. We are not taking assets on in outsourcing. And again, I think there, we haven't seen any, like, long -- I forget what the phrase is, the aging. We don't see that going up in terms of what's in our pipeline, how long things are in there. We continue to see good win rates, and that stuff is cycling through the pipeline. That really hasn't changed, so...
Pamela J. Craig: Well, applications outsourcing continues to be very strong for us. Clearly, a sweet spot of ours, and we do, do the others as well and growth has been up in both. And I think in BPO, we're continuing to really evolve that business to become much more value-added, and we are building share there.
