David Rowland: So there’s – overall, there’s really three things that drive our operating margin overall and really all three things apply to gross margin as well. So, you just mentioned it -- you start with contract profitability, and we are pleased with the progression of our contract profitability, and we’ve also been very pleased with the progression of our pricing. You know, Tien-tsin that, we have invested substantially in our strategic areas of focus to build what we think is significantly differentiated capability in the marketplace, I’m referring to the components of “the New.”. And as we said before, in those areas where we have significant differentiation and where there’s high demand, then we tend to get some pricing power. And, of course, beyond the contract profitability and pricing, we have been very efficient in how we have managed our overall payroll efficiency, as well as our non-payroll expenses. And so and I know I speak for Pierre. I think, our organization has done a particularly good job in recent quarters. And certainly, this quarter we just closed in driving our profit objectives.
David Rowland: No. there – I mean, there’s nothing about 2019 specifically that would influence the mix trend that you’ve seen now for several quarters. So I think that trajectory of an increasingly higher percentage of our revenue being in “the New” as well as the trajectory of stronger growth with our consulting type of work that – I think that continues.
David Rowland: Yes. Actually, we are – you mentioned healthcare specifically and I assume that’s what you meant as opposed to H&PS. If you look at…
David Rowland: Okay. So if you look at H&PS overall, then really the story is pretty clear and maybe the best point to share is the fact that if you look at our H&PS business absent the impact of the cycle that our U.S. federal business is going through. So if you look at the rest of the public service business and if you look at health, absent the U.S. federal business, H&PS is growing upper single digits, really right at almost touching double-digit growth. And so actually, we’re quite pleased with the performance of our health and public service business. If you look at the health business specifically, we’ve seen continued strong trends in the payer side of the business. And at the same time in the most recent quarter, we’ve seen some green shoots and sign – encouraging signs on the provider part of the business as well. We have double-digit growth in H&PS in both Europe and Growth Markets. And again, really, if you look at North America, it’s really a story of the U.S. fed – federal business going through kind of a natural cycle as contracts wind down and reconnecting with growth. But overall absent that, H&PS is doing quite well.
David Rowland: Really nothing. There wasn’t anything unusual in quarter one relative to what we said when we provided annual guidance and, of course, we haven’t changed our annual guidance. And so, quarter one played out as we expected and again, our annual guidance has remained unchanged. So the things that influence our tax rate this year, four of which we’ve talked about continually over the years is geographic mix of income, changes in prior year tax liabilities, final determinations and then tax impacts on equity compensation. And then in addition to those four that we’ve traditionally talked about, we have the U.S. tax reform, which we’ve said previously, statement remains true today that it would have a modest upward pressure. And then we have the adoption of the new tax standard regarding intercompany transfers and again, that is exactly as we stated, it has about a 3% headwind in our tax rate in 2019 and going forward. And then, of course, how that plays out in any particular year is based on all of those factors coming together. And so this year, all of that is reflected in our tax rate.
David Rowland: We are very active in mobile banking. So to be honest, I couldn’t be more pleased with the different activities you’re mentioning, because they resonate pretty well with what we’re doing, security payment and mobile-first, mobile banking. It’s "the New" wave after the big wave we had before on risk and regulatory management, where they have been a lot of investments so far. Mobile – everything being mobile, we have certainly among the best references in the market. Unfortunately, they are not public, as we speak, maybe next time, maybe in the next earning, we’ll try to make some public, and so you will see what we’re doing in it and it is pretty spectacular more or less with most of our clients in banking, we own that in the digitalization of their channels. So they are truly omni-channel from physical to digital with the focus on mobile-first mobile banks. Security, as you know, it’s an area, where we decided to invest two or three years ago with Accenture Security. And Accenture Security is doing strong double-digit, as David would say, which is growing big in my own term. And payment is the bread and butter of the bank. You’re right, Accenture is right to mention that certainly the activity, which is more subject to disruption by the new players, the Fintech and others, and the platforms as well, given all the payments. So, indeed, we are very active to look at what are the strategies for the banks in order to face the new competition of the big platforms, as well as the Fintech. So we are well equipped to provide good response to our clients on this area.
David Rowland: Strong demand. Again, if you’re looking at what we’re calling “the New”, you have digital, you have cloud and you have security. In digital, you have three main activities. Accenture Interactive doing extremely well in digital marketing, strong double-digit. You have applied intelligence, I decided to focus on, because Artificial Intelligence, as we speak, in the name of the game and I wanted to make sure with all of you about the investments we’re making and the leadership we have established in Analytics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. X.0 we launched exactly a year ago and made that public, growing extremely fast. So I would say that probably strong double-digit will not reflect what we are talking about. It’s extremely fast on the back of the reinvention of the supply chain and manufacturing from R&D to production to post-sales. I mentioned in the heavy equipment, everything we are doing and maybe we’ll have a deep dive on Industry X.0 soon to talk about the digital trends, which as well the new way to the manufacturing in the X.0 world. I’m talking about the virtualization of the assets and I’m talking about the implementation of the new platforms, 3D, analytic-rich, I’m talking about our partners such as Dassault, of course, but as well Siemens and other platforms Dassault Systèmes, Siemens and other platforms we’re working with, including General Electrics in some industries in the U.S. So we are well-equipped in the different markets. These are three examples, but we’re going to come back to you with an update on X.0, maybe in two or three quarters, where things would have been built to a larger scale. But today, I mentioned that we already recognized as the leader in IoT services – Internet of Things services, which are significant part of X.0 by multiple analysts and I’m delighted with that.
David Rowland: Yes. I would say that in our case, it’s more seasonality. Again, we have seen this isn’t the case every year, but certainly most years, we tend to see softer bookings in the first quarter. I think also when you look at our first quarter bookings, it’s important to look at them in the context of what we’ve done in the six months or the two quarters previously, where we had I believe our largest and second largest bookings quarters in our history in those two quarters, or to say it differently, over a 6-month period, we had a record level of bookings. And so I think that said, it play as well as you kind of rebuild and reestablish the pipeline. I also made the comment in the script, and so I’ll just say it again that we are pleased with our pipeline. And as we look at the second quarter in particular, we’re very encouraged with our bookings potential, as we look at the second quarter.
David Rowland: I don’t – I think the talent market in the – some areas of “the New” where the the supply is tight. It is – it’s a competitive market. Having said that, one of the hallmarks of Accenture is that, we have established ourselves and have been and continue to be a real magnet for talent in the marketplace. And I think that there’s three reasons behind that. The first is that, people in the marketplace know that Accenture is the leader in “the New”. So, we are working in the areas that are the most attractive to the most attractive people in the marketplace. The second thing is that talent is attracted to market leaders and companies that have demonstrated superior performance and certainly, we’ve done that over the years. And then the third thing and this is something that Pierre talked about from time to time and it’s an important part of Accenture is our culture and our values and the environment that people work in, how we treat them and how we value what they do. And those are the three things that really make Accenture distinctive. We have no issue attracting talent and don’t expect that to be an issue going forward.
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, it – the math is clear. It is contracting and I think that math is clear. We – we’ve talked about it previously. In terms of the margin trends, as we’ve also mentioned is that, that tends to the – the common characteristic is that that’s the most commoditized part of the marketplace. And as you can imagine, therefore, there is significant competition and pricing pressure. And at the end of the day, what – to some extent, we are disrupting that part of our business intentionally. We’re disrupting it by focusing our efforts on growing in “the New”. And then for those legacy services, if you will, we are again using new technology to even reinvent those and in some cases, to automate the way those things are done as one form of disrupting that part of our business. And so all our focus is on “the New” and the the rest of the business will continue to evolve the way it evolves.
David Rowland: Yes. At this point with only one quarter in the books, it’s really too early to adjust the number. And so there’s a lot that – it’s hard to predict the timing of acquisition flows for the remaining three quarters. So right now, we still see about 0.5, which is what I said on last quarter’s call. Obviously, we’ll provide an update at the end of the second quarter. But right now, think in terms of about 0.5. In the first quarter, it was just below that. So I mentioned that our organic growth, which is very important to us was just over 8%, and then the balance of that by definition below 0.5 was in organic.
David Rowland: Yes. We – let us maybe come back to that and the right public forum, but we’ll come back and try to give some insight on that, maybe our next next call.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, no change with what we said in the prior quarter. FS delivered as expected. So we expected a lower Q1 and certainly as well the same in Q2. But we have the pipeline and we have the committed bookings, which are making us comfortable enough that in the second part of the year, Q3 and Q4, as such we’ll get back to their mid-single-digit growth we would expect from them.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. On resources, I mean, the good news is, if you look at, I mean, the three industries making resources, they are all growing double-digit in Q1, and we’re pleased with that. Coal mining, chemical, oil and gas, utilities, so it’s broad-based. So we are not dependent on one industry in resources to another, and we love that. Probably, if there’s a world, David and I would love the most is broad-based, and because it’s making our model more durable. If you look at this, what’s hot as we speak. Again, all what we’re calling the intelligent platform services around the SAP or the other platforms, so in resources, you have what we anticipated as well and discussed with you a few quarters ago the next wave of ERP implementation to take the benefits of these new platforms. As well, digital is starting to kick more and more in these B2B business, if you will, or B2B2C business, because in utilities and oil and gas, of course, they have a B2C business where you need to provide the digital experience. So they are becoming more digital. They are becoming more intelligent platform services-driven, and we’re starting to expand more of our industry X.0 services. I’m talking about things such as asset virtualization and digital twins, as well add “the New” 3D platforms in order to reinvent all the supply chain and the production of these large companies. So I feel, again, absent the oil price massive drop, so if we are staying in the zone, we might be more in a kind of what you’re calling secular or maybe a structural part of the reinvention of these industries.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, frankly, from a macro standpoint, we talked a lot. I think the last – during the last call. I already signaled all these volatility uncertainty of the environment, this is what it is. Frankly, nothing has really changed. If you look at these macro uncertainties, it’s all about the trade. It’s all about the economic growth, it’s all about [indiscernible] that’s still there. So frankly, the clients we’re working with which are all leaders in their industries and all, I would call them, the best brand and sometimes the global giants I’m referring to our 180-plus diamond clients. They are figuring out this environment. There is nothing really new for them or for us in what’s happening. Their budget has been set and the pattern on the budget is pretty clear is, all the traditional legacy commoditizing services going to be be under big pressure. And the budgets are being reallocated to "the New" – or to what we’re calling “the New” at large. Everything is digital. The cloud prospects are very good. Security services, I would add – what we’re calling intelligent platforms. So all these ways of new platform with deep analytics, artificial intelligence, and and this is what is. So what – I would say, this is probably what we have read the budget. We continue to grow maybe to a lesser extent than last year, but we will continue to grow. But the reallocation between commoditizing digital services and digital might be even more dramatic. You need to be in the right side of defense, yes, with 60% of our revenues in “the New”. We believe we are in the right side of defense, that’s why we’re growing 9.5%.
Pierre Nanterme: I said before that probably the world we like the most with is broad-based. The world we hate the most is traditional. And no, we have no appetite to build anything traditional, anything legacy, anything that has been doing by the industry for 50 years. All the hypothesis has been challenged again, if you will. It was challenged by the way. We even more say on this is our point is to be part of the disruption of this industry, and we want to be a disrupter. And by being a disrupter, we want to be a digital-native marketing and experienced provider from design to, what we have today, design; production; commerce; campaign, including programmatic; and of course, analytics and artificial intelligence to capture the frequencies and to make the campaign more impactful. We will always look to look at things that’s going to be either more creative or more new, if you will. But the point is, if it’s too traditional, it’s going to commoditized. And if it’s commoditizing, this is not the market we want to be in.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. And I’m very pleased to comment on that, because during the Investor and Analyst Day or many earnings call, you probably heard me and David using a lot durability, sustainability of our business model, being able to resist over a cycle of downturn. So again, I mean, when it’s raining hard, either you watch the rain or you build an umbrella. At Accenture, we decided to build an umbrella. And once the umbrella is made up, if you will, probably seven key elements, which I truly believe, are making Accenture more resilient and more durable across different cycles. I’ve been very rapidly – I’d say the number one is the quality of our client portfolio. We have this diamond-client approach. More than 182, I think, 182 to be even more specific, but 180-plus anyway, and it’s all the best brand, companies operating at scale with a global footprint and they know how to deal with the economic conditions. So first, working with the right client. Second, and probably – and maybe even the most important is all what we discussed during that call to be in the right services. For us, it’s "the New" versus traditional IT. Today, it’s very clear that the clients are allocating more budget to "the New" and the traditional IT will suffer even more. With more than 60% of our revenue in "the New" growing strong double-digit, we are building the new services, which are on-demand. Three is the balance growth. I mean, you see two of our three region in double-digit. Absent FX, Europe would have been at 10% double-digit growth. We have eight of our 13 industries strong high-single to double-digit growth. So we have these balanced growths, which I think is making us resilient. Next is the diversifying portfolio of businesses: strategy, consulting, digital, technology, operations and then you can move even in digital, interactive, X.0, Applied Intelligence, Accenture Security. We have certainly, one of the portfolio in professional services, which is on one hand the more diversified, but which as well is creating more synergies than any other portfolio. Finally, the discipline management of the cost, I think we demonstrated last year between H1 and H2 in 2018, the ability of Accenture in less than a quarter to fix out challenge in term of cost with discipline and then to make that resilient as you could see with our profitability in Q1. And finally, and for me it’s absolutely critical, doing all of this while keeping our investment capacity intact in order to be able to invest what we do more than our competitors who might be impacted in the downturn in new growth – and to seize new growth opportunities when maybe competition will have to stop their investments. So these seven elements are clearly, for me, the backbone of our durability and of our resilience, and we’re working hard on these seven attributes, if you will.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean good question, because indeed, as David said, banking and capital market being slightly negative. So it’s not the right place to be. Now the proof of all of this is, do we have the pipeline and do we have the committed bookings? So the hard facts making us more comfortable about that rebound. Reality is, and especially in Europe, that we have the pipeline and we have the committed bookings as we speak and we will continue to build that making us comfortable enough to predict a rebound in the second part of the year. So it’s really based on the facts we see in our pipeline and in our booking, especially in the areas which has been mentioned before, the new platforms, the mobile-first online banking, the transformation. It’s still a lot on risk and compliance and regulatory management and fraud management. So yes, we look at this extremely carefully as you might imagine, and we have the element in the pipeline in the bookings, which are making us comfortable enough.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and you give me the – I mean, the opportunity. If you look at Japan, we moved directly to the positioning in "the New" to become the number one in digital-related services in Japan, not number one in the market overall, but number one in this specific segment. Because as well, in Japan, we did not have any traditional IT services creating a kind of drive. So we jumped rapidly to the target positioning. And imagine that right David, we have 20 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth in Japan, 20, it’s just fabulous. And in Brazil, how you’re growing double-digit in Brazil with terrible economic condition? Because in Brazil, we are the number one. We are the market leader. And when times are tough, you’ll remember the fly to quality. I would use the same comparison with fly to leadership. When times are tough, clients are going to the leader with all the characteristics we have and the values. But maybe in closing, because I know we’re starting to be a bit late, we still have one question. I would like to take this opportunity to recognize a fabulous leader of Accenture, Gianfranco Casati. Leadership means a lot. Gianfranco Casati is leading the Growth Markets and yet providing more than an exceptional leadership in growing this market. So hats off for Gianfranco Casati. And we have, again, what’s done in Japan, what has been done this last four years with – again, what’s done is absolutely second to none. So when you have great leaders and the best in the industries, you have good results.
Pierre Nanterme: Hard to say. Roughly, it’s – I don’t know, David, if you would have a point of view on this. I think it’s quite hard to provide probably a direction on this.
Pierre Nanterme: We have a bit more analytics to make sure we’re providing not so right answers. So we’re going to use some machine learning and applied intelligence, Lisa, to provide the right answer.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, thanks again for joining us on today’s call, and thanks again for all your good question, because this is the opportunity for David and I indeed to provide more insights around our strategy, and it’s so important for you, for us and for all clients. I mean, with the first quarter behind us, I feel very good about where we are as we build on, first, the strong momentum in our business. We enhanced our leadership in "the New" and we continue driving growth ahead of the market. So we’re pleased with all of this, we have the momentum and, I guess, we’re up for a strong start and a good year at Accenture. Of course, I want to wish all our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the mean time, of course, if you have any questions, feel free to call Angie and her team. All the best, and enjoy the holiday season and a happy New Year.
