Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thank you everyone for joining us. Since our last earnings call, the world has continued to face unprecedented challenges; health, economic, and social, and throughout Q3 we saw rapidly deteriorating economic conditions globally. I am proud of and want to thank our people and our leaders around the world for coming together in Q3 to continue to deliver on our commitment to our shareholders, our clients, our people, and our communities in the face of this crisis. Before turning to our delivery on these commitments, let me provide a bit more color on the context. Within days of our earnings call on March 19, we continued to quickly mobilize our people to work from home, and during the quarter we had approximately 95% of our people enabled to work remotely. For all of April and May other than China, virtually every country in which we operate was in lockdown. In addition, as you may remember, in January we announced that as of March 1, we were implementing a new growth model and making leadership changes. We seamlessly implemented this new model demonstrating our agility at massive scale, which is a testament to the talent of our over 500,000 people and the strength of our leadership team. So, in terms of delivery on our commitments to our shareholders, we delivered Q3 revenues in line with the range we provided only eight days after the global pandemic was declared, and we hit a new milestone of approximately 70% in the “New,” which is digital, cloud, and security. We delivered $11 billion in new bookings, a 6% increase over Q3 last year, which demonstrates the relevance of our services and our ability to sell in a remote everything world. We continue to invest in our business for the long term, closing an additional $742 million in strategic acquisitions for a total of $1.3 billion year-to-date. We delivered operating margin expansion of 10 basis points, and we continued to strengthen our balance sheet closing the quarter with $6.4 billion in cash. In terms of delivering on our commitments to our clients, our clients rely on us for mission-critical work. 95 of our top 100 clients have been with us for over 10 years because we are a trusted partner. And during this time, we have deepened that trust yet again because of our ability to deliver seamlessly, including how we transitioned our people from the delivery centers in India and the Philippines to work from home without service interruption. For example, we closed the books on time for more than 70 public companies in operation, and we continued our pre-crisis track record in technology with around-the-clock go live on new releases every 15 minutes on average. In both technology and operations, we were able to execute entirely remote knowledge transfer with great success. In terms of delivering on our commitment to our people, we continue to invest in training and development and the continuous re-skilling of our people. We are on track to deliver the same training hours as last year while pivoting completely to a digital learning experience built on our platform Accenture Connected Learning. We continued to promote people midyear, although at a reduced level compared to last year to ensure that our very best talent continues to build a vibrant career and is recognized and rewarded. In terms of delivering on our commitment to our communities, we believe strongly in our responsibility to contribute to the well-being of our communities. In addition to our teams who have supported our health and public service clients with extraordinary COVID-19 related work, we also wanted to make a unique pro bono contribution that leveraged our strength. In addition to our many local activities, we are very proud that we are helping put people back to work around the world with the People + Work Connect platform that we created together with Lincoln Financial Group, ServiceNow, and Verizon. This platform is a global online employer-to-employer initiative to bring together at no cost companies that have laid off or furloughed people with organizations in urgent need of workers. Designed by CHROs including our own extraordinary CHRO, Ellyn Shook, Accenture built the platform in only 14 days. The response has been overwhelming as more than 1,300 organizations across approximately 80 countries have engaged with currently about 400,000 positions already on the platform which are balanced between open needs and availability. With that, over to you KC.
Julie Sweet: Yes, sure. You know, Lisa remember what we're guiding to is really a modest growth, it would reflect the economic conditions. Right? So what we're seeing in Q4 is we're seeing our business stabilize at what is a much lower level, right than pre-crisis with at the high end of the range, starting to tick up and improve. Right? So that is what's really, as you said like that's how you reconcile that. Right? And as I just went through with Tien-tsin, there are parts of our business that are accelerating like cloud and security and operations. But a big part of our business, our intelligent platform services business, which is 40% was growing double-digits moderated in Q3 and we expect a further moderation reflecting the economic conditions, clients sort of taking a step back and saying, how do I sequence and so, when you look at what's happening, the IT budgets, all the analysts are telling us and we're seeing it is too is that they are declining, but they are focusing on the digital transformation that's needed to navigate. So like the supply chain examples where you have to do this, this is why Lisa, our position is so important right now, because what we can uniquely do is provide cost savings while we transform. When we talk about IT modernization and managed services, we're doing managed services and we talked about this in prior quarters called Living Systems, where we're taking down the costs, but we're helping them have DevOps and Agile at scale to get their product releases faster. We are seeing deals like if you look at the one I highlighted on SAP, it has two components where they put the global beverage company. It was re-platforming, but it also had a managed service component that was modernizing and cutting their costs and so what we're seeing is this flight to Accenture for flight to quality, because we can deliver with the ability to increase investment capacity, decrease costs, but still modernize like what we do with operations. And so, of course we're going to be impacted, but we've got severely impacted is went through businesses that industries that of course we're good, we're feeling all of those effects, but we believe our results, we don't know, nobody else has come yet are taking share in this environment.
Julie Sweet: Sure. I mean, it's a great question and something we really focus on because our competitive advantage is phenomenal talent. And the underlying fundamentals of the market, the need to digitally transform and of our business remain strong. And so, we are very focused on preserving that great talent and our strategic capabilities because we have everything from Strategy and Consulting to operations and so that's been our principle. So we're pulling the usual levers of less hiring, except in specific areas of replacing subcontractors if we don't need it. We continue to promote, but we moderated the promotions. But it's important that we're delivering still on it. We've delayed some start dates, as you would do, as you would imagine. The second thing we're doing is, we did just put in this new growth model and we were able in a more simplified organization to identify efficiencies. So we're going after some cost structural decreases that are helping. And then as we move forward, we'll do things like we're in our annual performance process. And so, the pace of how we do our kind of business as usual, managing out of our lower performers is another lever that we can pull as we look forward, and what we're really focused on is making sure, like say for our intelligent platform services business, yes it's moderating, but we know it is an absolute critical part of our business. So we're doing a lot of upskilling. I mean, I think this - I'm going to give you a number that I think is so phenomenal. Since the beginning of March, when we hit COVID and we saw the shift in demand in technology we have reskilled 37,000 people in hot areas like cloud since the beginning of March. And these are in sort of 15 to - on average 15 to 20-hour modules of reskilling to pivot. We've taken our Strategy and Consulting people and pivoted to some of the needs for operations in the public sector, because again those are - also require those insights. And the resiliency of a business like ours because we're in multiple industries, multiple types of work and we're able to kind of seamlessly move people who are used to working in these multi-dimensional teams anyway. And by the way, our people love it, because they get great new opportunities. So we feel really good about how we're managing it. And to your point, Lisa, we think we're going to come out much stronger because of how we're delivering for our people.
Julie Sweet: I mean, look, if you sort of look at it I would start with like we're in the big shock, right? I mean that how fast the economy went down, the need that every business is now a health business and so all of these. So, I don't read too much into a quarter's sort of response in terms of now new versus legacy other than the impact of what's happening to have to move to online everything and remote will absolutely require and is requiring and that's what we see in our pipeline, an acceleration of building the digital foundation which means, companies are going to have to make more choices. And this is why - we used to tell you, our theory was in a financial crisis that the rotation to The New would make us more resilient and that's what is absolutely the facts. So is that - we've seen what's happened. You have to be more digital and that's going to stay and that will no doubt have some effects on where you're spending the money, but it's part of what's driving what we're doing now with our managed services and helping modernize those for our clients in a more cost-effective way to get our clients to The New. And a lot of what we're doing now is taking all of our learning capabilities and building that in for our clients to help them rotate their talent, which they need to do as well.
Julie Sweet: And then if you look at it, as it relates to ourselves, it's complicated. Right? Looking at our operations business it's 24/7 and we run shifts and we get to have the advantage of sort of using assets over and over. So, I mean, it's a - it's not a straightforward sort of discussion around that, but maybe let's just take a step back, what are the realities, right? We're opened 30% of our offices now, but we're not putting a lot of people back in the office and neither are our clients around the globe because we're dealing with an ongoing health situation. And so, whether you like it or not, remote working is going to be here to stay at a pretty high level for some time. And so, we and our clients are focused on understanding where does that make sense. I was just talking to a technology company yesterday where what they've said is, look, everything is working pretty well except R&D, not because R&D needs to be in the office, but they're just struggling to collaborate as well. And so, company by company, are learning. I give a lot of advice to CEOs about this because there are some who've got really excited about, let's get rid of all our real estate. Back in the '90s, we pioneered remote working and we called it hoteling, and particularly in the U.S., we took out a lot of real estate because we said our people are at our client sites and they're - or they could be home. And what we found, in fact, over the last five years, when I was running North America, we started gradually to expand the footprint again because there is a benefit of bringing people together as well. Now, we've proved you can innovate remotely as I gave some of those examples, but I would say it's going to be cautious. As a respect to sort of driving our business, what it has helped CEOs really understand is some of the areas in some industries that have resisted say finance and accounting and certain areas saying no, no, no, we need to have the teams together is to recognize that they can really rethink like what should they do in-house? What can they rely on a partner like Accenture? How to get the right balance, both from an expertise and a cost perspective, but just as much this idea of leveraging others for digital transformation and you're going to see more of that thinking. I mean, when you move to the cloud, you're basically saying you have this important permanent third-party partners that are running your business, right? And so, how digital transformation happens at speed going forward is really going to be this weaving of partners together, which is why the fact that we're so trusted really helps us in this environment.
Julie Sweet: No, I mean as I said, our bookings were kind of sort of split between Outsourcing and Consulting sort of similar to that pattern overall.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And with respect to managing, as I've said before, we've identified some real areas of efficiencies and so that has obviously headcount implications to it, which may be what you're calling layoffs. We really see it is as focusing on our cost structure, and then otherwise managing our supply and demand as I went through before in a pretty ordinary course. We don't see some extraordinary workforce actions, and remember that Q4 guidance builds that in and that we think we're either stabilizing to slightly up in terms of our business environment, because if you look at our guidance, we're pretty pleased. I mean Q3 had a great strong March. We don't have that in Q4. And so we see - do see our business either stabilizing or slightly up.
Julie Sweet: Well, I mean, our outlook includes kind of what we're seeing and it's a little bit all over the map, right? You've got some clients who want to go faster, because they need the savings faster, you have other clients to maybe having a slower ramp-up. So I'd say it's mixed.
Julie Sweet: Well, we don't, we don't know about quantify. But as I told you earlier, right, we had Accenture Interactive pre-crisis have been significantly growing and it was significantly impacted in Q3 and that primarily around industries and kind of focus, so you've got that. And then, whereas we sort of look at cloud that really was up and security was up, and remember Intelligent Platform Services came down. So those are kind of the big components that we normally kind of give you a sense of.
Julie Sweet: Great. Well thank you, everyone. Before I wrap up, I did want to give a special shout out to Fabio Benasso, who leads our Italian business to his leadership team and all of our people in Italy. As you all saw, Italy was actually in lockdown in the entire three months of the quarter and it was an extraordinarily difficult time, and yet they delivered 8% revenue growth in local currency in Q3, because they stayed so close to our clients and to each other and I just thought it deserved a very special mention. As I wrap up, we really believe that Accenture is uniquely positioned today to help our clients succeed in the current environment, both because of what we do as well as how we do it. We are committed to shared success with our clients, people, shareholders and communities to living our core values and to being a trusted leader and responsible business. Thank you to our people and leaders for how you come together every day to deliver on our commitments, and a special thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well everyone, and thank you for joining.
KC McClure: Thanks Julie. Before I get into our business outlook, as I did last quarter, I would like to remind you that given the coronavirus pandemic, there are a number of factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the duration and magnitude of the impact, the pace of recovery, as well as those described in the quarterly filing we made earlier today. Now with that said, let me turn to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.6 billion to $11.0 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be approximately negative 1 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 and reflects an estimated negative 3% to positive 1% growth in local currency and includes approximately negative 2% from the decline in revenues from reimbursable travel. For the full fiscal year 2020, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 1.5% compared to fiscal 2019. For the full fiscal 2020, we now expect revenue to be in the range of 3.5% to 4.5% growth in local currency over fiscal 2019. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year 2020 to be 14.7%, a 10 basis point expansion over our fiscal 2019 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 24.5%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal 2019. For earnings per share we now expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2020 to be in the range of $7.57 to $7.70 or 3% to 5% growth over fiscal 2019 results. For the full fiscal 2020 we now expect operating cash flows to be in the range of $6.45 billion to $6.95 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.8 billion to $6.3 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.2 to 1.3. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open up so we can take your questions. Over to Angie.
KC McClure: Yes, so maybe I’ll start and then Julie can weigh in on demand. So, Tien-tsin, thanks for your question. In terms of strong bookings, maybe I'll just talk a little bit about what, maybe if I could take this opportunity to talk about guidance overall, and I'll hit on the bookings point as well. So, in terms of what we’re talking - what we’re looking at for the fourth quarter in terms of both, you know, our revenue and our bookings, I want to put some context into our guidance. Obviously, it continues to be an uncertain environment; and in revenue, we always aim for the top portion of our guided range, but as we said last quarter, this quarter, the entire range is at play. And if I put the context of Q4 into what we experienced in Q3, you know, we have [indiscernible] momentum coming into the third quarter and that carried through in March, and we began to see the impacts of the pandemic on our business in April and May. And so, as we think about Q4, as it relates to what we saw in Q3, at the top end of our revenue guidance range, it implies an improved performance over what we saw in April and May, and at the bottom end of our revenue guidance for the fourth quarter, it means we’ve stabilized. And so, as it relates specifically to your question on bookings, we were able to grow very strong pipeline during the same time, and we do see that we have the potential for strong bookings in the fourth quarter. I’ll let Julie give you a little bit of view on that - on the color as it relates to what we’re seeing in demand in the market.
KC McClure: Yes, thanks for the question. This is the first time that we have provided operating income by market. And the way I would just say, to take a look at operating income across our markets, Dave, would be the very same way that you thought about it as it relates to the operating groups, like you're going to have - we have variations by markets just like we did throughout the years in operating groups. It's really going to be impacted by these services that we do in that market, the mix of industries that we have, any type of economic impacts that are happening in a specific market, as well as maybe investments that we're making particularly to that geography. So I think that's - the lens I would look at operating income would be the same as we've always historically done against operating groups and we manage obviously to overall Accenture operating income. As it relates specifically to the growth markets, we had very strong performance in our Japanese business, which is a major growth driver, and overall our contract performance and profitability is very strong in the growth markets.
KC McClure: Yes, I think I'll start and Julie can certainly weigh in. I think one of the things that's kind of - you asked about margin and unique in this environment is, what I would say that, and we're taking full advantage of this is the fact that we are really not traveling, particularly for non-billable events and meetings. And so we are using - we're taking full advantage of that and making sure that we continue then to use that extra capacity to invest in our business, to preserve our talent, while at the same time giving margin expansion. So I think for us, that's probably the bigger change within this environment. We have obviously moved - we've always been able to work from home to a great degree, and within our centers, we have been able to make that change as well this quarter. But that's not really going to be a significant increase or decrease in margin in and of itself.
KC McClure: Yes, hey, nice to talk to you. In terms of what we were guiding to in Q4, we see overall stronger bookings. I'll leave it at that in terms of, you know, we don't really give a sense or guide to the overall fourth quarter. And I think, just in terms of what was in our consulting bookings, Julie provided a lot of color, we had, as we talked about our overall bookings were 70% in The New which is digital to move to the cloud. Security was really important in this current environment, as well as other digital areas. So, I don't know, Julie, if there's anything else in addition you want to add on.
KC McClure: Yes, maybe I'll just quickly on utilization, yes, we did do a tick down in Q3. It's nothing that we're concerned about. It's really a bit particularly in operations in our centers, as we moved during the time that we moved to work from home, as well as there were some elements - minor elements of work from home restrictions. But that said, it was within the zone that we expected, and we continue to deliver for our clients in their time of need.
KC McClure: Yes and then I just - another fact on that, as you saw from our - our headcount went up sequentially 1%. Right? So for the quarter, we're up over 6% for the year.
KC McClure: Yes. And I think maybe in terms of our outlook, maybe the way I'd answer it too is, if you look at our Q4 revenue guidance, I think there is really kind of what would put us at the top versus what would put us at the bottom is probably two swing factors. One would be really how the industries - that industry dynamic that we talked about, how that continues to play out and then how the Strategy & Consulting work evolves in the quarter.
KC McClure: Yes, I would say just - just to add on to what Julie said when we talked about the industry dynamics that I talked about earlier, that really plays out the same way with Accenture Interactive. There was growth in Accenture Interactive and the less impacted industries. Right? And they had also a similar dynamic on the areas that had more pressure - industries that had more pressure this quarter they have some declines.
