Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Our excellent results for the second quarter, including strong top and bottom line growth, demonstrate that our strategy continues to resonate with our clients and that we are running our business with rigor and discipline. Here are a few highlights. We generated new bookings of nearly $8 billion. Revenues were $6.8 billion, up 13% in local currency, with all 5 operating groups and all 3 geographic regions delivering double-digit local currency growth. We delivered very strong earnings per share of $0.97, an increase of 29%. Operating income was $889 million, an increase of 15% over last year. And we continued to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.6 billion.  In addition, I'm very pleased that we just announced a semiannual cash dividend of $0.675 per share, which brings the total dividend payments for the year to $1.35 per share. And given our very strong results for the first half of fiscal year 2012, we are raising our outlook for revenue growth and EPS for the full year. Now let me hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers in greater details. Pam, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Our strong results again this quarter demonstrate that our growth strategy is well aligned with the needs of our clients and that we are leveraging marketplace opportunities to drive growth and gain market share across all the key dimensions of our business. Of course, we are watching macroeconomic trends very closely. And despite the slowdown in the forecast for global economic growth, especially in Europe, there are some positive developments such as early signs of improvement in the U.S. economy as well as progress to stabilize the eurozone sovereign debt situation. In my recent conversations with the CEOs of our clients, it is clear that the marketplace foresees driving the need for large-scale transformation are still here. And in this context, our growth strategy continues to be extremely relevant to our clients. Talking about clients. Over the last 6 months, we have increased the number of Diamond Clients, which are our largest client relationships, across all 5 operating groups. We continue to operate at the heart of our clients' businesses and to increase not only the number of clients we serve, but also the kinds of services we are providing to them. Operational efficiency continues to be a key area of focus for our clients and is driving significant demand for our services. Let me give you 2 examples. We are helping one of the world's leading insurance companies reduce cost through implementation of a large multiyear network transformation program, which includes a cloud-based Voice-over-IP solution. Our services span 25 countries and include infrastructure expense management, service delivery and security services. In health, which is one of our priority industries, we are using our care management BPO services to help one of the largest U.S. health insurers manage their review and authorization of medical services for patients. We are using analytics to help this client drive down the costs of care management and improve the quality of services provided to patients. Technology innovation is another key lever clients are using to capture new growth opportunities and improve the customer experience. Through Accenture mobility services, we are helping one of the world's leading car manufacturers leverage machine-to-machine computing to integrate in-vehicle and mobility technologies. This solution gives drivers access to navigation and other connected services on a pay-per-use basis, generating new revenue opportunities for the manufacturer. We are working with the governments of Australia and Singapore to implement health information exchanges, which are designed to improve the cost, quality and access to health care for citizens. Health Information Exchanges provide medical professionals with access to real-time information that can be used to make more informed decision and provide better services to patients. And through Accenture Analytics and marketing services, we helped a U.S.-based retailer deliver more than $300 million of incremental annual revenue by using predictive analytics to reallocate marketing spend to our impact channels. As you know, geographic expansion is a key element of our growth strategy. And we are taking steps to significantly increase our leadership presence in Asia-Pacific. David Thomlinson, a member of our Global Management Committee, who leads our geographic strategy and operations, has relocated to Shanghai to work with our local leadership to accelerate the execution of our growth strategy in Asia, particularly China. In addition, last month, we opened a new Accenture Technology Lab in Beijing. One of the key areas of focus for the Beijing lab is how to apply Smart Grid technologies to help with those China's growing energy demands, which is a critical priority for China. And of course, we remain focused on our own operational efficiency. It is all about continuing to run Accenture's business with rigor and discipline in order to increase the competitiveness of everything we do and maximize our return to shareholders. With that, let me turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for the third quarter and the full fiscal year.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, just to add a word on this. I mean definitely, outsourcing is a very relevant response to the clients who have challenges in improving their operational efficiency and their overall performance. And this is true across the patch for all our industries. That's why you can see the kind of acceleration of the demand in outsourcing across the board.
Pierre Nanterme: We will be jumping on this, Rod, because I'm historically Mr. FX, so I still have some personal stake on this. And indeed, as you know and as we communicated, banking, insurance and health are industries where we decided to invest because we see the potential on those industries. So it's not a surprise that you can see the impact of our investments in some of the margin. And so far, we are very pleased with the results of those investments in the term of the acquisitions we made and we announced recently with Duck Creek and with Zenta to form Accenture Credit Services. And of course, the other data point is we're pleased to announce that this quarter, in Q2, Financial Services bookings were $2.1 billion, the highest booking ever in the Financial Services history.
Pierre Nanterme: Then from a consulting standpoint, I am going to jump on that one. I don't think there is anything in Q2 that was not expected or took us by surprise from a consulting standpoint. I think Pam mentioned in prior quarters that indeed, if you're looking at the world macroeconomic environment, it's public knowledge that Europe is more softer from an economic standpoint compared to the rest of the world. We're watching carefully what's happening especially in the Financial Services sector in some part of Europe. It's not the same story if you are looking at the different countries in Europe. And so what's happening there is more happening as planned, and I don't think there is anything that was unexpected.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, if you look at this, at the demand, I mean, clearly, operational efficiency is extremely important for all the reasons we know. And again, we feel we are extremely well positioned to provide the right answer to that particular agenda. From a consulting standpoint, from an outsourcing standpoint, we have, I think, all the tools, techniques and offerings to tackle that agenda. But at the same time, we see a growing demand for more innovation and using more the technology innovation to drive either more efficiency but, as well, more the revenue agenda of our clients. And what's interesting to see in the marketplace is, indeed, those 2 activities, and it's not a surprise, are picking up at the same time, and clients are investing to be more efficient as well as they're investing to capture more growth opportunities. And we're very pleased, if you will, with those 2 engines for growth.
Pierre Nanterme: And all of this is -- I'm going to jump on this one because it's a kind of mindset, if you will. And probably, you've been hearing me and Pam using a lot "rigor and discipline," which is coming back and coming back. But if we are mentioning that sort, it's only because we mean it. And at the end of the day, rigor and discipline is what you need as a mindset for proper execution. And I think, in that organization, there is a relentless focus on improving productivity and efficiency in everything we do. And there is no reason that will not apply to SG&A as to the rest of our business.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, at the high level, we are a people-based organization. We will grow our headcount and we love that. We love our people, we love growing base, we're used to that. We know how to hire, train, develop, deploy, and that's part of something we will do and we will continue to do. That being said, it is part of our plan to bring more IPs in our system, if you will, to be more differentiated. That we will continue to be a people-based business and grow that way. From an IP standpoint, indeed, we are pleased with the progress we are making either by leveraging the good technologies from our alliance partners. And we are doing that every day to bring our unit industry expertise or by making some focused investments and strategic investments. I mentioned a few we are doing in each and every industry. So we will continue to be more IP-based and to grow indeed that part of our business as well. But the people-based part will remain important.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, as we said, we're looking carefully at the macroeconomic environment. We're talking to our clients every day. We're looking at the analysts' reports no later than this morning, and really, I'm reading all the reports from the economy coming from all around the world. And we are not seeing any significant changing in the current client environment. And we do not see much reason that why things would change, at least things we know.
Pierre Nanterme: And again, I've seen -- I mean, a lot of your question concerning consulting and outsourcing, and they're all very valid. Again, just a reminder that we've been booking in the range of $4 billion this past 4 quarters in consulting. So we'd like to make sure everybody get, if you're on that call, that we're pleased with where we are with outsourcing, with consulting and we are extremely pleased with where we are in outsourcing. Okay, I think it's time to wrap up the call. Thanks again for joining us today. As you heard, we are very pleased with our strong results in the second quarter and the first half of the fiscal year. We are confident that we will continue to deliver profitable growth, and we are remaining focused on accelerating the execution of our growth strategy. We believe we are well positioned to see the opportunities we see in the marketplace and have raised our business outlook for revenue growth and EPS for the full year. And of course, our strong performance would not be possible without the incredibly talented team of Accenture women and men around the world. I would also like to thank our investors for your continued support. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, feel free to call KC to make arrangements for a follow-up. Thank you for participating, and all the best.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I think. Just, you do the math, right? The outsourcing is marginally a little bit greater proportion of our business right now, and we see that particularly happening in Financial Services and Communications, Media & Technology. It's been a trend and we expect it to continue to be a trend.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, it's quite broad-based. We see strong outsourcing growth virtually around the world and pretty much across the operating groups, so this is clearly very good growth. I think in terms of the risk profile, I'll just comment a little bit on our capital committee, it is something that we take very, very seriously in all these deals. I think it's fair to say we're getting better and better at it, and I do not see an increase in the risk profile of our outsourcing work.
Pamela J. Craig: It's a year-over-year growth rate commentary. We are expecting that the consulting year-over-year growth rate will be more in the mid-single-digits kind of range next quarter, and so it is very much that. We continue to see very good demand, as you can see in the bookings, being over $4 billion. And the demand environment is -- continues to be robust in most parts of the world.
Pamela J. Craig: I would say, Rod, that it is more due to the things that I mentioned a few minutes ago in the sense that we did have a couple of nice-sized acquisitions that came online, and so we planned to have some impact from those. We also did have higher selling costs in Financial Services, and I think that's, in large part, due to there is significant transformation going on in that industry, as you know, and so some of that was planned. And we did have, lastly, some delivery inefficiencies, which would probably go into the category of "we need to work on that a bit more" that also contributed. But the first 2 were more of a planned nature.
Pamela J. Craig: It did have a good contribution to the revenue growth in Financial Services. I'm not going to give you the exact number, but it was meaningful to that growth.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, it's just more how we see the -- how it's shaping up. And when you think about it, it's more like a 7% to 10%, which is, I think, how we saw the business when we started the year and then consulting was running hotter. And now we see it coming back closer to that level, which is a very, very good level. So the moderation is primarily in consulting, and outsourcing continues to be strong.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I'm probably -- I'm not going to break it down in terms of numbers, but I think your characterization is fair. Although, we expect moderation to be in the Americas and Asia-Pacific as well as we go forward. But Europe is the one that's lowest in terms of a growth rate right now.
Pamela J. Craig: All right, so the first question, okay, the headcount was the -- that's the question I've got here. So there's nothing unusual going on with headcount, Bryan. I mean, it's pretty much -- as you know, we manage supply and demand around the world and that's really all that's going on. So the utilization was at 87%. I think we're being tight and rigorous about that, as we always are, and there's nothing unusual there.
Pamela J. Craig: Right. And just what's interesting, though, is that the outsourcing demand is quite strong in Europe. So as you can imagine, we're responding to that.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I -- it's a great question and, as you can imagine, something we are very focused on. And I think we have made some good progress in building the pipeline. We do have some more work to do. And again, with the strong bookings, it was, I think, overall very good. One thing I'll just mention because sometimes this relates a little bit to disability, and I've given you this in the past, is that when we look at revenue under contract, we do have 13% more than we did at this time last year both for the next 2 quarters of the fiscal year, but also for the next 4 quarters. So I think that shows you that we're -- that that's building as well.
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think there's anything major to point out there, Nate. I mean, I think one of the things that we were of course looking at last year -- sorry, last quarter, was how the calendar year turn was going to go. And we haven't seen anything notably changed that much in terms of clients' budgets and sort of all of that. So I don't think there's really anything big to point out with respect to that.
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think -- I mean, our win rates have been up, as I think back over the last year. And I don't think we saw a significant change this quarter in that.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, I think you're right, right. I mean, I think philosophically, we are looking to manage SG&A to grow slower than revenue, right? And so that's sort of part of our culture that we're really careful with our cost and really manage all that, manage our cost structure with a lot of rigor and discipline. And so I was pleased to see the improvement in the selling cost. You do know that when we invest in the business, that's typically on the sales and marketing line as well. That's where we have our offerings and our initiatives, so we want to make sure that we can do some things there as well and look to do as much as we can but all within this overall framework of, in the end, delivering modest margin expansion.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I guess sort of this giant portfolio, thousands of contracts, right. We always have some in their early stages. And that's part of what each operating group manages as they look to deliver each year. So there's nothing unusual there, Ashwin.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, as you expected, I think when you asked the question, we're not going to comment specifically on a client contract.
Pamela J. Craig: I think the thing that we see is continued robust demand for outsourcing and Financial Services. And we don't see that letting up.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I mean I think, as I mentioned, it's in Financial Services and in Health & Public Service. And in those cases where there's things that we wish we do better is what we thought -- we referred to as delivery and efficiencies, and that's more where it takes more cost to deliver something than we thought it would.
Pamela J. Craig: We are not planning to have it in April. And we, at this point, are looking to do it in the fall. And stay tuned, we'll have an update on that.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I think there is some, what I would call catalyst effect of some of the consulting going into outsourcing, but we haven't really quantified that. But there's a lot of activity under what we've termed framework agreements in outsourcing. And I think that as we mentioned in the comments, right, this relentless focus on cost takeout and getting more operationally efficient, it just really lends itself to doing that kind of work and really helping clients get more fit. And of course, with the -- what's going on with technology, that's really supporting that, too, because there's opportunities through new -- through these new technologies to make some of these IT costs more variable, and that's, of course, very attractive to clients. I think that's it.
