Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our results for the first quarter, which were in line with our expectations and demonstrate that we continue to deliver value to our clients and to run our business with discipline. This is enabling us to drive profitable growth despite a continued volatile economic environment. Here are a few highlights. We delivered solid new bookings of $7.5 billion. Revenues were $7.2 billion, up 5% in local currency. We are particularly pleased with our double-digit revenue growth in outsourcing, up 13%. Earnings per share were $1.06, up 10%. We expanded operating margin more than 60 basis points to 14.5%. We continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.7 billion. And we continued to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and payment of a semiannual cash dividend of $0.81 per share, a 20% increase over our prior dividend. So we are off to a good start in fiscal year '13 and are raising our outlook for both EPS and operating margin for the full year. Now I'll hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, Rod, this is Pierre here. And indeed, we are confident that in the other part of the year, our revenue will ramp up. And what's making us confident, a couple of things. I mean, first, we're building the pipeline. We continue to build the pipeline, both in consulting and outsourcing. And second, we have the contracted revenue creating the visibility for us and making us confident that in the second part of the year, we will have the expected growth as we are confirming here. Some of the highlight, if you will, we continue to see strong demand in old and new technologies. And I mentioned Digital Marketing, Cloud, Software-as-a-Service, also old Mobility. All those new technologies continue to drive strong demand. Of course, we continue to see very healthy demand in all those related to outsourcing and BPO. And as well from an industry standpoint, we had a pretty good news in Q1 regarding our HPS and Financial Services verticals. So we have facts making us confident that indeed we should deliver against what we've planned.
Pierre Nanterme: No. Again, I mean, we're pleased with where we are in Asia with our growth of 8%. If you look at where we are, we have some good result in some very important countries for us. I'm thinking about China. I'm thinking about South Africa. I'm thinking about India as well. So we continue to make some good steps in Asia, and again, we are where we want to be.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, to comment on this, I mean, clearly, we've not seen any change in the marketplace relative to the element you're mentioning. As you would imagine, we're watching carefully what's happening. But we've not seen in December any change in pattern regarding our clients. And as we said, we are particularly pleased with our performance in Americas, including the performance in the U.S. for Q1. Regarding Q2, we are providing our direction, and we have no reason to change our view on Q2 at this stage.
Pierre Nanterme: I will start with EMEA because I'm a native there. So indeed, we are flat. But as always, as you know, it's covering multiple countries. I mean, first, we're overall pleased with part of the performance. And outsourcing continues to do very well in that part of the world. And if you look from a country standpoint, we're doing very well in countries such as Germany, for instance. And we are flat to positive in many important countries for us such as the U.K., such as Italy, such as Spain. So again, you need to look at these from a portfolio management standpoint. We are where we expected to be, and I think we've always been very clear in the prior quarters about the direction and how the Q1 would shape in EMEA. But we continue to see some positive trends there and opportunities.
Pierre Nanterme: I would characterize it as being probably stable. We continue to make investments in solutions and software on a very targeted and specific basis. I mean, recall the 2 recent acquisitions we made, one in the technology -- Microsoft technology and the other one around the Digital Marketing. And again, it's the same spirit so far, it's to invest in very niche and specific software to provide differentiated solutions. That's what we do, and that's what we'll continue to do. Of course, through our BPO and some of those activities, there is a less linear correlation between the people and the business. But overall, there is no change with our current strategy.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, that's clearly part of, I mean, our competitors. As you know, we're competing against everybody in all the different segments of our business from management consulting to technology to AO. That's the nature of our business. And I mean, believe me, when we have more competition, it's just pushing us to do better. So we love that. We'll just try to continue raising our game, to compete, to win and to gain market share.
Pierre Nanterme: And again, I mean, keep in mind that if you're looking at the last quarters, our consulting bookings remain very strong, including in Q1 above the $4 billion mark. So the point is exactly as Pam mentioned, is the nature of the consulting demand, which has changed from longer term -- more longer term and less shorter term. So there is a kind of conversion rate from booking to revenues, which is different. But this is our expectation that indeed, those very strong bookings we had in these last quarters will convert in revenues -- second part of the year.
Pierre Nanterme: [indiscernible] on this, and it's a very positive trend. Again, I mean, if you look at the consulting bookings, just to confirm, I mean, $4.2 billion and a book-to-bill which is over 1, so we build -- we are building -- I know backlog is not the right terminology, but I'm an old-fashioned guy. So we're building contracted revenues moving forward. And indeed, the fact that we are contracting on longer-term consulting will make over time our business more resilient with more visibility over time. Now it's happening that for a typical quarter, it's creating the effect you see. But it's making us confident that over time and at the second part of the year, those contracting revenues will generate consulting growth.
Pierre Nanterme: From a pricing standpoint, I think we will call the pricing stable with, as always, some pocket of improvement. But let's say stable overall.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I think that's exactly right. What we see, and this is what's making us confident despite all the volatile and uncertain environment we see, is the transformational business is still there because all the giants or big companies and global leaders we're serving, they need to comply with new regulation, they need to be more global, they need to rationalize, and they need to do all of these at scale. And this is what, I think, was reflected in a couple of illustrations I made earlier. I mean, look at what we just contracted today -- we announced today, not contracted, with Unilever. It's such a good illustration of what's happening. So our positioning on the transformational business, high-end, large-scale program is resonating with our clients and aligned with their needs. And we continue to see that type of demand in the marketplace. That's why we are remaining confident. Okay. So thanks again, everybody, for joining us on today's call. With the first quarter behind us, again, we remain confident in our ability to continue to drive profitable growth with a sharp focus on providing highly differentiated services to our clients and improving our competitiveness in the marketplace. As I travel around the world, I can see the opportunities in front of us, and I can tell you that the men and women of Accenture are fully mobilized and focused on delivering value for our clients and for Accenture every day. I want to take this opportunity to wish all of you, our investors and analysts, as well as our Accenture people who are listening to the call, a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best and happy holidays.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, Rod, I mean, I think first of all, it is more in EMEA that we see it and not in all patches. And you're right, it is the harder stuff to predict in a way because it comes in and typically converts to revenue during the quarter or fairly quickly. So we don't see it getting worse. We do see this trending up through the year, and we do see a good pipeline for small and medium-sized consulting projects, as well as the larger, longer, more transformational ones.
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, it's primarily the former, but there is some impact of the latter, too, as I mentioned in my comments. And just by the way, when we put together our plan last summer, this is exactly what we expected in terms of the first half, is that it would be lower in the -- lower growth in the second half.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, Asia's now -- Asia Pac is now 15% of our business, and as you know, we've had very strong growth over the last couple of years. Frankly, and looking at this, we still had good high single-digit growth in the kind of the anchor markets: Japan, Australia, Singapore. And as Pierre just mentioned, very strong growth in China and India. So overall, we are pleased with these results even though this growth has moderated from the very high levels over the last couple of years.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, it's early in the year. And 3 months ago, we did see more uncertainty in the broader market. And as we sit here today, we're committed to return the $3.3 billion and to ramp up the repurchases in the latter part of the year.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, we'll let you do France, Pierre. So in the U.S., we haven't seen a lot of impact from the fiscal cliff. I mean, we've assumed, Katy, that the executive and legislative branches of our government will reach an agreement, and our guidance was based on the fact that positive growth will continue in the United States.
Pamela J. Craig: Well sometimes, it's just sort of how the timing works. And I think that this pattern in consulting that we've seen of these bigger, longer deals that are converting to revenues slower, that, that timing is impacting our growth rate, particularly in the first half of this fiscal year.
Pamela J. Craig: Ashwin, I mean, one of the things we're very focused on was rebuilding the pipeline for the largest deals that we do. We call them megas and indeed, that part of our pipeline was up significantly in Q1 because we had a very large bookings quarter in Q4. So that's one bit of color I can give you. And otherwise, our pipeline is up because we did indeed put focus on that in the first quarter to get us well positioned for the rest of the year.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I believe, Bryan, it will be flattish again, little up, little down. But I mean, I think it will be a similar pattern to the first quarter and the second and then pick up into positive digits in the second half.
Pamela J. Craig: Okay. First of all, you're right. We said we -- we'd say now we're going to hire at least 50,000 people, and I think that reflects a few things. One is that attrition is down. And second, you'll see that we do -- we have had a nice increase in the Global Delivery Network, and we're carefully, as I think you'd expect of us, managing supply and demand around the world and getting positioned for the business building in the latter part of the year. We hired a number of people -- a lot of people in Q4, and so it was down a little bit in this quarter. Regarding your second question, we're up -- we have about 8% more under contract over the remainder of the year versus this time last year. Pretty close in both consulting and outsourcing.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I think utilization is up a little bit, and that reflects some -- the Global Delivery Network, a slightly larger proportion. I think on the people side, I mean, we're getting the people where we need them, and that part is what we need to do. So I'm confident that we're going to do that. And it's really just to match that up with the consulting growth as it materializes. So I think the main levers we have, and we had some really good progress on this, this quarter, where we are, I think, doing better than ever in terms of cost management and that kind of rigor and discipline about making sure we have that everywhere on contracts, in noncontracts and then pushing for pricing where we can. And where the business cases are best, we can. So we will never give up on that, and that's always a part of what we do. Prices overall were relatively stable this quarter.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I mean, I certainly agree with part of what you said, Jason, which is that for the first half, flattish, and for the full year, low to mid-single digits. And so that means that we're going to come up into the mid-single digits positive, maybe a little higher in the second half of the year in consulting.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, based on our pipeline, I mean, we -- I mean, in consulting, we have stuff to convert, right, so this execution is up to us. Yes, we see that.
Pamela J. Craig: It's both. It's what's contracted, as well as pipeline. And remember, we have that effect of the longer -- larger, longer consulting deals that are bleeding in at a slower pace, right, so that's going to start to really take in the second part of the year.
Pamela J. Craig: And I'm just going to add that the book-to-bill for consulting, which I'm sure you've already calculated, is 1.1 in the first quarter.
Pamela J. Craig: I think we're turning the corner there overall. And of course, it's a little bit -- not every operating group or every industry or every country is alike. There's some variability, for sure. But we are really starting to turn the corner in my view. And of course, we look at sequential and how that's doing, and we see that happening overall, obviously, in order to predict the growth rates in the second half of the year.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I actually meant to communicate that as a positive in terms of SI bookings because despite -- we continue to have some shift to the Global Delivery Network and despite a few of these other patterns in terms of the shorter-term stuff, that actually the book-to-bill in system integration was very good. It was in management consulting where it was off a little.
Pamela J. Craig: I actually don't have that to provide to you exactly, but we do see -- I mean, I personally think the fact that we have a greater proportion of these longer, larger, in my view, stickier consulting work, that, that's ultimately better for our business. And so again, this trend, the way it bleeds through is important. It does impact the growth rate in a different quarter, and certainly this quarter and next, we see that. Nonetheless, I think in general, it's a positive trend. And just back to the other question, system integration bookings were up 3% in local currency.
Pamela J. Craig: I think it's a little bit more about us going from the high bookings in Q4 to this quarter and just how we've been building our pipeline and how we see the stuff converting over the course of this quarter, and we're actually already off to a decent start. So I think a lot of it is, or at least a portion of it is, related to us. And then in terms of the environment, we commented we did not see really anything specific that's leading us to think that there's any kind of pause going on right now in terms of the kind of work that we're signing up.
Pamela J. Craig: I think the reason that the complexion of the projects are different is because these longer, larger ones are more critical. And perhaps these other things are things that not just aren't as critical, some of the smaller stuff. If you look at what's happening with the big banks, for example. And certainly geographically, that's the case. The kinds of things they need to do are different than they were in the past based on the transformation that's going on in the industry. And that's true with the big telecom companies as well. So I think a lot of it is that.
