Julie Sweet: Today, we are very pleased to announce strong financial results for our first quarter. I will begin by thanking our 514,000 people for their hard work and dedication to delivering value for our clients, which is what these results represent. Last quarter, I shared that as we began our fiscal year 2021, we were turning a page, no longer navigating a crisis, but facing a new reality with a laser focus on delivering value to our clients at this time of great need and on returning to pre-COVID growth rates by the second-half of our fiscal year. I also shared how we began fiscal year 2021 stronger than pre-crisis. Our results in Q1 made clear how we have strengthened our market position, as well as our ability to pivot our business with agility. Not only have we delivered a strong quarter, but we took exciting new actions to continue to strengthen our market position for FY 2021 and the future. Let's start with our financial results. We delivered revenue growth of 2% in local currency, well ahead of our guidance with broad-based improvement across the globe. We continue to extend our leadership position with our growth estimated over the trailing four quarters to be more than four times the market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. We delivered exceptionally strong new bookings of $12.9 billion, a 25% increase over Q1 last year, including 16 clients with over $100 million in bookings. We continued to invest substantially in our business, including closing 10 acquisitions this quarter in strategic areas, such as Cloud, Intelligent Operations and Industry X. And as KC will walk through, we delivered strong profitability and returned substantial cash to shareholders. Now, let me highlight the actions we've taken in Q1 to better serve our clients, attract the best talent and extend our leadership as a responsible business and trusted partner. We created Accenture Cloud First with the planned $3 billion three-year investment to help clients in what has become a once in a digital era replatforming of global business in the cloud. We launched our new purpose, our growth strategy to deliver 360-degree value to our clients and our largest and most significant new brand campaign in a decade. In our annual cycle in December, we promoted 605 Managing Directors with a record 39% women, and I appointed 663 Senior Managing Directors, including a record 29% women. I'm excited to announce today that we met our previous goal of 25% women Managing Directors globally by the end of 2020, and have raised the bar again, setting a new goal of 30% by the end of 2025. With 45% women overall, we are on track to meet our goal of 50-50 gender equality by 2025. We set external goals in the U.S., UK and South Africa to achieve greater race and ethnicity representation overall, and among Managing Directors in these countries by 2025. We remain the only major professional services company in our industry around the world, public or private to set these types of external goals and to have our level of transparency. We believe our diversity and commitment to inclusion and equality have been and will continue to be critical to our success and a differentiator into attracting the best talent. And building on our long-standing and well-recognized commitment to the environment, we announced industry-leading goals for 2025 to achieve net zero emissions, move to zero waste and plan for water risk. As you can see, we have been busy moving forward in our new reality. KC, over to you.
Julie Sweet: And, Tien-Tsin, let me just kind of give you a little more color from the clients’ perspective, because -- and this is what I talked a little bit about in my script, right?. If you just sort of remember, pre-COVID, we said we were in the early innings of transformation with the beginning of the decade, it’d be enterprise-wide, right? COVID hits, technology becomes the lifeline. And you really see companies understanding kind of the two truths of our world, right? There is - every business is now a technology business and exponential technology change is going to continue, right? And now it's about the speed. And this is why we're seeing what I'm calling compressed transformation, where you continue to see companies say we are going to take on this transformation more broadly. So look at the example of Takeda. They're both moving to the cloud, improving their data and making sure that they're getting near-term business value. You take a Halliburton, cloud, finance, supply chain. So there's this speed of change and we see that in the confidence. We're nine months in now. The first part of the crisis, people were getting their footing, getting back up and running. And it's interesting, we did some research in July across 10 markets and nearly 80% of the executives that we surveyed said that they were planning on investing in digital transformation. And that was up from 50% in May. And we're continuing just to see this recognition of the need to get there faster. And then what's important to understand is that, all of this is happening, though, in the context of the cost pressures, the changing expectations. And this is where a decade and in some cases multiple decades of investment from Accenture has put us in a very unique position, because no other company in our industry can simultaneously do operations and that help a company reduce their supply chain in their finance function and reduce costs and digitize. At the same time, we're helping them migrate to the cloud and give them that view, which because all of this has interdependencies. You want to get end-to-end process change. And we have literally been building these capabilities for years and years. And this is where the scale and the breadth matter.
Julie Sweet: Sure. So, Matthew, thanks for the question. So maybe just take, let's just first start why our companies having to accelerate faster to the cloud. And there's a few clear reasons. So first of all, there's a cost pressure, because when they move to the cloud, there's immediate savings just in the migration and there's obviously to get that kind of savings. Second, the cloud is really important for resilience and security. And in this current environment in particular, you can see why that matters. The crisis really exposed the vulnerabilities of a lot of the on premise IT estates. And then that has been compounded, of course, by the expansion of the threat surface through more remote working. And so the resilience and security of the cloud is also an immediate driver as to the need to do that. What I would say is probably most important and really the rapid acceleration is the need for the power of the cloud to enable the data driven transformations. And so you saw that in the example that we gave, with Takeda, where they're changing the customer experience, which requires near real time access to data in order to personalize and to be able to actually do that. And what I think is very unique, I know is very unique about Accenture is that this is where our strategy and consulting capabilities are so important, because the reason to go to the cloud is not simply cost and resilience and security, it's about the business value. And here's how we're helping clients get early business value. And you have to deeply understand the industry, the patients, the customer, and also what data is valuable among all of the data and which workloads go first. And so, it really is driven by all of these things at once, which is why our capabilities around changed management, around talent transformation and leadership are important, because, by the way, everybody wants to go higher at cloud talent in this thing. And so, it's not going to be enough available to our ability to reskill, which you saw in each of these examples that we gave in the script like Generali and Takeda is also a critical. So that's sort of the big picture. Now, when you think about where we're going to do investment, we talked about we did 10 acquisitions this quarter, four of them were in cloud. They were in each of our three markets and they were about building scale for the most part in more markets. And so, as we think about the acquisition strategy which will be a big component of the $3 billion, it's about building scale and markets around the world as well as acquiring niche capabilities. The second big area of that $3 billion investment though, is creating more and more of the assets that will allow our clients to move quickly. Everything from the myNav asset that we talked about, that does a fast diagnostic with benchmarks to help clients figure out what kind of a strategy to have and how to get value to the migrating navigate advisor that helps you figure out the reduction in carbon, to the industry blueprints that we're creating, and the solutions that are repeatable like in digital manufacturing on the cloud. So this will be an important part of our continued investment. And again, it really comes right back to -- no other company has both these deep engineering and infrastructure skills, the deep relationships. And then the strategy and consulting capabilities to actually move industries to the cloud to create business value solutions. And you don't build that overnight. We have been building our strategy and consulting business for decades. We have been an early adopter for cloud for decades. And let's not forget, we're our own best credential when it comes to all of these capabilities.
Julie Sweet: Absolutely. And when you think about Accenture Interactive, like we are doing amazing work like our own brand and purpose work for ourselves via again our best credential. But what these capabilities bring is we're actually embedding them in all of our services. Our clients come to us for outcomes and experience is a really important part of it. Again, when you think about the work we are doing with Prudential that we talked about last quarter, that was fundamentally a different way of engaging with the customer. Takeda, a different way of engaging with the donor, the researchers in the Norway example about how they're going to engage. We are embedding this experience, and how to do that in all of our work, and so that's why I often talk about, I know you all certainly look at our services, separately our four services, our clients look at our outcomes. And what differentiates us is our ability to embed the business of experience across Accenture, as well as going to market of course, like a Droga5 that continues to do amazing, pure work in terms of brand for example.
Julie Sweet: Great. So thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. We're very pleased with our strong start in fiscal '21. Thank you again to our incredible people across the globe. And thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust. Best wishes to all for a safe, healthy and joyful holiday season.
KC McClure: Okay. Hi, Lisa. Thanks for your question. Happy holidays. So maybe I'll start with your second question first. Just on gross margin. So we did have expansion in gross margin and there were a few drivers to that. The first is contract profitability was up this quarter. And in contract profitability, we did benefit from lower travel, so that does help our contract profitability overall. So that is the first thing, I would say, benefited our gross margin. And you do see that the fact that we have higher utilization also does help our gross margin as well. So both of those points were included in drivers of our gross margin. And when you look at utilization, we did have a very high productivity this quarter. It did click up in parts and that was pretty broad-based and that was also driven by our over-delivery of Q1 revenue. We did continue to recruit throughout the summer, and obviously into this quarter, you can see that our headcount is up sequentially. And so we don't see any issues meeting demand and attracting talent. And to your point on, is there a structural change from working remotely, the answer is really no. We were just able to get more productivity out of all of our groups this quarter. And looking forward, we do think that's going to kind of ease back into kind of a more normal range, which still is very high productivity, but not continuing at these levels.
KC McClure: Yes. So let me just talk a little bit about what drove our overperformance in Q1, and how that impacts our view of Q2 and H2, Tien-Tsin. So, when you look at Q1, we were obviously very pleased with our performance, and we have rather significant over-delivery against our expectations. And that was really driven by broad-based over-delivery, in all three of our markets, in all of our industry groups and all of our services all did a bit better. And as I mentioned in our script, when you take a look at the industries and the higher impacted industries, which represent over 20% of our revenues, they did improve from Q4 of a decline of mid-teens to low double digits. And as Julie talked quite a bit about the fact that that was really driven broad-based by our strong demand in cloud. And so that is an area that performed better than we expected. But if you also look at the lower impacted industries, which are 50% of our revenue, they continue to grow high single digits like Q4, but they actually did improve also within that sense. And so let me maybe connect this a little bit to how we did our sales this quarter. So we had a very strong start to the year, as you could see in our sales of $12.9 billion, which is about $2.5 billion more than what we've done in the last two quarter ones, last two fiscal years. And when you peel that back, Tien-Tsin, you can see that it was really driven by all categories of our sales side, so the large, which Julie highlighted that we have 16 clients over $100 million in sales, but all the way through and significantly driven by an improvement in our smaller deals, which came in better than we expected. And that can help us with revenue yield in the current quarter. So when I take a look at that, that's what happened with Q1. And then when you look at that compared to 90 days ago, obviously, that's better. And when you look at -- then what for Q2, we obviously have a better outlook for Q2 than we did 90 days ago with our 1% to 4% growth range. Really important to note that all of points in that range are an improvement over Q1. So we continue to build back our business from the lows of H2. And we would be really pleased with anywhere that we land in that range. Now, when you look at the second-half of the year, we haven't changed our views on the second-half of the year from 90 days ago. And just to be very specific, we still see that we would have high single-digit to low double-digit growth in the back-half of the year. And just as a reminder, the four factors that we talked about last quarter that we're going to drive that remain the same. And just very briefly, they are first, that we continue to expect an improvement in the macroeconomic environment. We don't see another -- we're not anticipating another macroeconomic shock that's built into our guidance. We expect to see more of a benefit from the significant transformational deals that we sold last year. And at the same time, to your question, we do expect strategy and consulting to reconnect with growth. And our performance in Q1 and our outlook for Q2 do encourage us even more on that statement this quarter. And the fourth thing is that we have the benefit of an easier compare that obviously remains the same. And we are also still going to anniversary the reimbursable revenue headwind, that's 2% in the first-half of the year and that won't be a headwind in the back-half of the year. So, of course, we're still meeting with our clients, you can see that by the fact that we were able to book $27 billion in the last two quarters. But we are not planning on having significant increases in revenue related to travel in the back-half of the year. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of how we see the business compared to what is stay the same now from 90 days ago, which is our outlook in H2. But obviously, we're very pleased with the improvements and performance in Q1 and outlook for Q2 than we had 90 days ago.
KC McClure: Yes, thanks. We were really pleased with our bookings this quarter. As I mentioned, they did grow 25%, and as you just pointed out, and I mentioned as well, we did have a stronger Q1 than we had in the last two years. If you peel that back it's really because the demand, again, which was very broad-based. It was really also driven by cloud, which we've talked a lot about Industry X security. So they're also aligned to our strategic priorities. If you look at it, what drove the strength in bookings, again, broad base, when you look at it by type of work. We have particular strengths in outsourcing, that really was up quite a bit with very strong book-to-bill. But, within the 16 clients that we booked over $100 million, they were represented, what I liked about that is by outsourcing as well as consulting type work, it was a nice mix, all five of our industry groups were in there too. So again, it points to very broad-based. And if you look at the services, again, no surprise based on cloud, security and Industry X tech services, very strong. And I mentioned, I just want to highlight again, that we are pleased with our progress in strategy and consulting, they had a 1.1 book-to-build in the quarter. So, overall, we felt really pleased. And as it relates to kind of what we see ahead, we feel very good about our pipeline. And if you're taking on the question about conversion or revenue yield in bigger deals, we did see that our bookings were strong across all parts of our sales, large all the way through, but particularly to the smaller deals, and they do yield more revenue in the current quarter. So that's also true. And then as you see -- when you look really at our duration, it's not that the duration of the bookings in themselves have changed, it's really more of the services that are in the mix. So, as we have more strategy and consulting bookings coming online, they obviously tend to be of a shorter duration. So nothing's really changed in the duration of each of our individual services. It's really more of the mix of the bookings within each quarter.
KC McClure: Sure, great question. So let me just start with, we have been investing in cloud for a decade, which is a very hard to replicate. And so we start with a $12 billion business that is growing strong double digits. So we would expect to continue to take market share there. And in this environments, where you have a rapid acceleration, and you're moving mission critical workloads, we would expect to continue to differentiate, because of our decades of experience and our relationships with the world's leading technology ecosystem players. So cloud will continue to be a big trend. Think about Industry X, and we've talked about this now for some time, it's kind of the next Accenture Interactive. And as you know, we've been investing in Industry X for some time. The COVID, what we're seeing the early signs of is that like in other areas, Industry X is we think going to accelerate over the next couple of years, because that was still a newer part of the enterprise that was being digitized the manufacturing and operations space. But as we now need to have like, a lot of health concerns about can you do manufacturing in a more contactless way, the supply chains have been disrupted. And so we have said, for some time Industry X is going to be the next growth engine. And the early signs are is that it's likely to be accelerating as well. So we'll see how that continues to play out. And remember, Accenture Interactive is an ongoing growth engine. I mean, we have three big platforms. You have the move to the cloud, which then has the data and the business value innovation on top. So it's not just moving there, it's everything that comes. And so that is an early innings, 20% into the cloud, but it's not just about the move, it's our unique ability to create business value to access the data and you're seeing that in the examples of what we're doing. This depends on where you are on that journey. So that is an ongoing platform for waves and waves of instant growth. The second being everything we do around intelligent operations, our operations business, our ability to move to modern digital platforms like what we talked about in IPS today. So that, again, provides we're early innings in the digitization of operations. And then Accenture Interactive, the business of experience that's an ongoing business in terms of that will always have to continue to evolve. And so, we see that the impact of the COVID crisis, we're starting to move out of that and building momentum. We continue to expect that to be a growth engine. And once again, this is where you can't make up for quickly the scale that we've achieved, because we've been investing for years and creating these capabilities. And then finally, you have this area of Industry X, and not to mention security and data, which will all continue to be of growing engines for us.
KC McClure: Yes, so in each two so kind of a whole six months, it was a low single digit decline, and now we're in a low positive growth rate. And it's building momentum. So, for example, we're helping a big European bank with their digital sales, new things. So everyone's now starting to kind of reconnect with new experiences.
KC McClure: Look, I think on security, we're super pleased with that about double digit growth. So, whether it's going to be low or strong, it'll probably ebb and flow. But the consistency of that double digit growth in security has been impressive to-date, and we continue to see that to be the trajectory. Thanks.
KC McClure: Yes, thanks. So in terms of our D&A, we expect to spend at least $1.7 billion and there's no change to what we started out at the beginning of the year, the 2% expectation of additional revenue growth for this year. And it's aligned to really a lot of our all of our strategic priorities that we went through.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So we've always aimed around 20%, 25% of our operating cash flow in our capital allocation program to be for D&A. But we've always had the ability and we continue to have the ability to do more should any opportunity arise. So there's really no change to how we view D&A of our capital allocation. Thanks.
