Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie and thank you everyone for joining us. Today, we are proud to announce outstanding financial results for the second quarter of fiscal ‘21 and our return to pre-COVID level financial results a quarter earlier than we expected and with a tough compare. Let’s first go back 12 months ago, on March 19, only 8 days after the pandemic was declared, when we were all together to announce our outstanding fiscal year ‘20 Q2 financial results. Results you may not remember, because at the time, we were all focused on the go-forward potential impact of the pandemic. In Q2 of fiscal year ‘20, we had 8% revenue growth in local currency, our then highest bookings ever of $14.2 billion and strong underlying profitability and free cash flow. We also announced that 18 clients that quarter had bookings over $100 million. With this backdrop of fiscal year ‘20 Q2, the significance of this Q2’s results in fiscal year ‘21 becomes even more clear. We have delivered 5.4% revenue growth in local currency, which includes a reduction of 2 percentage points from a decline in revenue from reimbursable travel costs, meaning, apples-to-apples, 5.4% is in the zone of fiscal year ‘20 Q2 revenue when you exclude the travel costs related revenue. We have delivered bookings of $16 billion, beating our previous record set in Q2 last year by $1.8 billion and we have delivered strong profitability and free cash flow. This quarter, 18 clients had bookings over $100 million and we continue to take market share faster than pre-COVID. In H1, we have accelerated our investment in B&A, with approximately $1.1 billion of capital deployed and we are increasing our programmatic B&A investment to at least $2 billion for FY ‘21 from the $1.7 billion we previously communicated. And for the last 12 months, we have remained consistent. We gave guidance every quarter which we met or beat. We deliberately invested in our people and preserved our talent to continue to serve our clients as demand came back and we continued to significantly invest in our business and our communities. And throughout, we have lived our core values, including maintaining without pause our commitment to make more progress on diversity and inclusion and sustainability. These financial results reflect these choices, the strength of our core values and the power of our laser focus on creating client value and being a trusted partner as well as our incredibly talented people, strong ecosystem relationships and the resilience of our growth strategy as well as the substantial investments we have made year in and year out, since we set out to be the leader in digital cloud and security and continuous innovation. They also reflect the operational rigor and discipline that long has been a hallmark of our success. I want to thank our people for their hard work and continued dedication to our clients and for delivering on our commitments. KC, over to you.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And Tien-tsin, why don’t I take the – I will take the question about execution, we are very confident about our ability to execute. And let me just remind you that one of the things that’s really benefiting us is just our absolute excellent performance when the pandemic started and we had to move all of our people from our centers, while our clients were having to move remotely. As you will recall, I shared that we closed the books for 70 public companies and we did so without missing a beat that we on average pre-pandemic, have a new release every 15 minutes, 24 hours a day, on the technology say 7 days a week and we have continued with that execution. And in fact, one of the things that we believe is driving our growth is that we enhanced our standing with our clients because of how we have been able to execute, while at the same time, we help many of them move online. So we feel very good. Our centers and our people across the globe in terms of delivery are just amazing. And I should thank them, because at the end of the day, that’s what really matters for our people and we really just have exceptional people.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Great question. One of the things that we look back on internally as a leadership team was that we actually were very bold in our ambition in my first year as CEO to actually put that new model in place only 6 months into the fiscal year and change our P&L in the middle of the fiscal year. And we look back and often use it as a lesson as to speed matters because as you think about our execution during the last 12 months, we did so with a new leadership team and a new way of working. And what it really demonstrated was we made the right strategic move. Driving the move from industry to geography were a few things. And remember, what we did was we also put digital everywhere. So we simplified because digital is now the core of our business. But the first thing is what we call the Client Proximity Imperative. We had such scale in all of our markets. We wanted to put our leaders really closer to our clients, while at the same time really enhancing the ability to move innovation around the world. And we did that by massively simplifying. And so we – at the one hand, where – we made a geographic P&L. But on the other hand, we made critical changes to actually make it easier to move innovation around the world. And secondly, we felt as if the ability to simplify and then have teams come together across our services would really unlock value. And of course, you did that before we had COVID, but we’ve seen the acceleration of the need for that because our clients are really looking for ability to bring outcomes. And so just think about the work that we are doing right now. Like I take BBVA, which you may know, it’s a customer-centric global financial services company headquartered in Spain. And we have worked with them to move – they wanted to increase their digital sales. And that brings together operation, all of our interactive capabilities, like paid media, search engine optimization, analytics and marketing operation, plus our deep industry experience. And with our support over the last 12 months, they have grown their digital sales more than 50% and they saw an increase in digital customers by more than 50%. The ability to bring those services together seamlessly to deliver those outcomes has really been enabled by that growth model that both simplified, recognize that the core of our business is now digital cloud and security, and enable us to really meet the needs of the client globally. In terms of growth markets, there is really nothing different there. I mean the geographic model helps us both focus on the opportunity in each of the markets, while at the same time, really connecting the innovation and being able to serve global clients better.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And just to remember, Lisa, like we have a very important value proposition that includes being able to do continuous learning, but also the right level of time to do strategic thinking, for example, and to come together around important initiatives. And so that’s why we believe that, over time, we really should get back into kind of a more normal regardless of where people are working from.
Julie Sweet: Yes Ashwin. Look, I think it’s – I think we would expect that we’re going to go back to sort of industry norms on attrition, although we will always work hard to not do that, right. And we do believe that we’re benefiting right now from the way we have cared for and – our people and the decisions we made to preserve our talent and invest in keeping them through the lower demand areas. So – but certainly, we’re tuned as a company to be able to grow and recruit at this level and at the more normal levels, as you said, in the higher teens.
Julie Sweet: Yes. I agree. I mean, look, I’m having lots of conversations with companies who are just trying to figure this out, right? Will travel – will it actually explode once people feel safe because they need to reconnect? Will it structurally shift? And I would say that it’s really – we think it’s too early and company, it’s really kind of allover the map. And that hopefully will have a lot better sense as we get through the next 6 months. And we see vaccination variance and healthy – how comfortable people are. But it’s still pretty unclear.
Julie Sweet: Well, it’s a great question. And this really is a big driver of how well we’re doing now because in this – when you have compressed transformation where the companies need to do so much at the same time, there is a really sharp focus on, what do I need to do? How do I source the talent, right? And that conversation has absolutely gone faster. But also, how can I digitize every part of the organization? And what Accenture has, which is very unique, is this investment we’ve been making for years in the SynOps platform, for example, in operations, and in technology, things like myWizard and myConcerto, which builds in best-of-class AI, machine learning, rapid testing. And these are platforms that we continuously invest in. And so when you – happening is here is that we’re helping them digitize. We are helping them focus on, what do they really need to have in-house versus can leverage in order to go faster. But one thing I want to be really, really clear about is, although our strategy and consulting business continued to have a high single-digit decline, it was better than we expected, strategy and consulting is absolutely essential to all of these results, including outsourcing. Because what we are bringing to them, right? It’s not simply always at a lower cost. It’s increase is in sales through our marketing operations, like the BBVA example I gave, right? It’s manufacturing in at AIG, which I talked about, it’s insurance, right, as well as deep process skills. It is helping them transform the ways they are working by being integrated with us where we’re bringing modern ways of working and digital. And so this is what distinguishes us as a company for our clients. It’s not – you for guys, it’s type of work, outsourcing versus consulting, which is basically managed services, it’s project work. For our clients, it’s our ability to bring all these services together, which is why I emphasize that each of the examples I gave in my script, and I gave you many more, really are polling all of these things together for an outcome and when you are going to compress transformation, that’s more important than ever.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And by the way, this is where Industry X is going to be so critical. For example, we’re working with a North America, one of the largest oil integrators in the world, in re-imagining their plants from both health and safety security and efficiency perspective. I was just in our brand-new OT security lab in Houston last week. Yes, I actually did go on a business trip. And a big focus of OT security is across all of our volt process and discrete manufacturing. So there – obviously, as an industry – set of industries, they have been impacted. But if you think about where we’re focused and how we’re going to help them from efficiency and safety and security, it’s great. We’re well positioned.
Julie Sweet: Our ecosystem partners are absolutely essential to our growth. I called them out in our script. We’re really proud to be the number one or number two partner, with all of the major ecosystem partners. And what we uniquely bring is, because of the strength of our relationships, we can really bring integrated value propositions to our clients. And so, those relationships are very high priority and to – and important to our future growth.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And it’s the things that are – it’s cloud, right. It’s – there is a big movement to cloud. It’s digital experience. It’s more like the example I gave in BBVA. It’s basically all the trends that we’ve talked about are playing out really across industry and financial services is one of the less – more moderate impacted industries, and they are investing.
Julie Sweet: Okay, great. Well, thank you again for joining today. And thank you again to all of our incredible people around the globe. And as always, I just want to end by thanking our shareholders for your continued trust in us. May everyone stay well and healthy.
KC McClure: Okay. Thanks, Tien-tsin. So in terms of operating margins, let me just cover with you what’s the driver this year of our 30 to 40 basis points operating margin expansion. And you are right it is unusual for us to expand our operating margin halfway through the year. And so implied in our guidance for the year, there is obviously continued healthy margin expansion in the back half. That’s in addition, Tien-tsin to the 40 basis points that we have already done year-to-date. And then as I mentioned, which does include the impact of the one-time bonus that we are doing for employees below managing director. And I will just maybe highlight a few things in terms of drivers for the expansion this year. I mean, as always, we first look to strong revenue growth and we have that again this year. And that’s coming along with increased contract profitability. We do have increased contract profitability coming through in our gross margin in the first half of the year and that’s really the first lever that we always look at. Within this year uniquely are a couple of things. One is utilization. So, we are getting some additional margin expansion this year based on our higher utilization rate. We talked about that last quarter that we are looking to bring that down to more normal levels. It did go up this quarter. We are still working on that. But clearly, in the first half of the year and into the second half, there will be some benefit to operating margin expansion on that. And the second part is due to the lower travel events and meetings of spend this year. So, we are going to benefit from that overall for the full year, but that benefit really is in the first half of the year. As the baseline last year in the back half is as you know, we really didn’t travel or have meetings, so it’s not a benefit that we will have in the back half of the year. And so I think overall, the key thing though in operating margin is that we always look to drive strong underlying profitability, because we want to ensure that we are investing first in our business because we want to drive long-term shareholder value. And so that’s really the critical part that we are able to continue to invest in our business and in our people and in acquisitions, but while at the same time expanding operating margin significantly.
KC McClure: Yes. So thanks, Lisa, for the question. Yes, I will just reiterate. We are trying to – we are working to get it back – our utilization back into a more normal range as they did tick up this quarter. And this really is tied to the increased demand that came back harder than we expected, right? So – but we continue to believe that the right answer for our people is to lower it back into our more normal historical ranges. And in terms of the structural – is there a structural change? I believe, just now that over time, there is really not a structural change in utilization. There is probably some increase right now due to remote working, but we don’t see on a go forward any long-term structural change in our utilization rate.
KC McClure: So but we’re not going to. But let me just – so instead of trying to look ahead to next year and thinking about it, let’s maybe just focus on how we are looking at our business right now. So if you think about the last 6 years when we started digital, we rotated our business so that now the core of our business is digital, cloud, security and all of our services, meaning not just – that’s not from a technical perspective. And so think about what we have built are engines of growth as the core of our business, which is what we went through when you think about cloud, Industry X, applied intelligence, operation, the things we went through on our script today. And so we have these engines of growth which we continue to invest in. And I think what’s really important in the way we think about our business is we’re – for example, cloud, we already scaled. We told you last quarter, it was $12 million in FY ‘20 but it’s growing double-digits because we’re at the very early stages of it. And when you think about Accenture Cloud First, we brought together, right, all of our services, from strategy and consulting, to experience, to cloud, industry experience, because not only are companies having to migrate to the cloud, but they need to create value, like we’re working with an American entertainment company, where we’re helping them use – leverage the cloud to accelerate the time to market of new video services, right? So it’s not about the migration. It’s about the value. And so think about our business as having built these engines of growth, some of which already have massive scale and are continuing. And then others, like Industry X, Industry X is a way that we are going to continue to diversify our revenue sources for resilience over the long-term. We made two acquisitions this quarter, [indiscernible] Solutions and Myrtle Consulting Group, to help build our manufacturing and supply chain. We’re going to continue to invest there. We think about that as the next interactive, right, in terms of building this new area. And we’re at this amazing tipping point right now where we’re seeing an acceleration of digitization in manufacturing and in product engineering. And so we continue to think about how do we both make sure these growth engines is going, but never have to have another rotation because we’re always investing. And I mean, the last point I would just say is our capacity to invest in acquisitions has been a huge differentiator in building the business we have today, as being the core of our business is now these engines of growth. And we continue to execute on that in all of our major strategic areas and the next scale plays. And I’d call out the two we made this quarter in cloud, for example, Infinity Works and Edenhouse.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Dave. So resources, it came in, in the zone that we expected it to. And I’d just point out a couple of things. So we’ve talked about the industry is more impacted by the pandemic, and resources clearly has one of those, which is energy and that continued to be under pressure. And I would also say that our clients in the chemical industry also have been feeling some pressure as well but we have seen stability in our utilities portfolio which is good. And go forward, as we look into Q3, we do see an improvement in the resources growth rate.
KC McClure: Yes. So thanks for the question. You’re absolutely right. I mean, our ability to invest significantly in our business, and that includes B&A, is a key competitive advantage. And I would just say, we’ve been at this for a long time, to your point. It’s been a core part of our strategy since 2013. On average, we’ve done about 20% of our operating cash flow to B&A, and that’s our updated guidance of about up to $2 billion – at least $2 billion, puts us in that same zone. So – but it’s not just being able to acquire. It’s successful integration. And so you can see that, that typically provides about 2% of inorganic contribution in this year. It’s going to be more, in the 2.5% zone. So we really are very focused on that as a key part of our strategy, and we will look to continue to invest. And as we’ve said, we can always – we can do more than the $2 billion if the opportunity presents itself, but it is a key part of our investment portfolio.
KC McClure: No. I would just say, in terms of what we see, in terms of the mix, for H2, we still see a double-digit growth in outsourcing. And for the full year, I think they will end up with high single to low double-digit positive growth in terms – to give you some sense of the mix.
