Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie, and everyone joining us. And thank you to the approximately 733,000 Accenture people, who have worked hard to be at the center of our client's business across our fiscal year ‘23. Our laser focus on creating 360-degree value for our clients and all our stakeholders is reflected in our overall strong results for the year. With record bookings of $72 billion, we had a record 106 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million in FY ‘23, up from 100 last year. We now have 300 Diamond clients, our largest client relationships, an increase of 33 from last year, demonstrating yet again the depth and breadth of our capabilities and the trust our clients have in us. We delivered revenues of $64 billion for the year, representing 8% growth in local currency, while continuing to take market share. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 20 basis points and delivered adjusted EPS growth of 9%, while continuing to significantly invest in our business and our people with capital deployed of over $2.5 billion across 25 acquisitions, $1.3 billion in R&D assets, platforms, and industry solutions, and $1.1 billion invested in the training and development of our people. And we generated free cash flow of $9 billion, allowing us to return over $7 billion of cash to shareholders. And we are delivering a little ahead of schedule on our business optimization actions we announced in March to reduce structural costs to create greater resilience. We also continue to attract, retain, and inspire outstanding people through our talent strategy. We're making progress toward our commitment to Net Zero by 2025, and we invested in our communities to help ensure we have vibrant places where we work and live. I will give more detail a little later in the call. Taking a step back, coming off two fiscal years of double-digit growth and a truly extraordinary FY ‘22, we are very pleased with our FY ‘23 results and the moves we have made to optimize our business. We are also rapidly taking an early leadership position in gen AI, which will be an important part of the reinvention of our clients in the next decade. Last quarter, we shared that we had sold 100 projects with roughly $100 million in sales over the prior four months. Demand accelerated in Q4 with another approximately $200 million in gen AI sales to bring our total to over $300 million for the year. We also are embracing the use of gen AI in our own delivery of services and the way we work across Accenture. As we reflect on how our market has developed over the last year, we and our clients have had to navigate a macro environment that is tougher than we anticipated at the beginning of FY ‘23. While it's played out differently across markets and industries, we have seen greater caution globally, with lower discretionary spend, slower decision-making, and in particular for us, a significant impact from the challenges the comm, media, and tech industries have faced. For example, in Q4, where we grew 4% in local currency, if we exclude CMT, we grew 7% globally, 6% in North America, 9% in Europe, and 8% in growth markets. Against that backdrop, as we enter FY ‘24, we remain laser focused on creating value for our clients. While the pace of spending has changed, the fundamentals have not. All strategies continue to lead to technology. And companies will need to reinvent every part of their enterprise using tech, data, and AI to optimize operations and accelerate growth. To do so, they must build a digital core. We are continuing to see significant demand in areas like cloud migration and modernization, modern ERP and data and AI, and the emergence of gen AI in particular, all of which represent areas of great opportunity. And it's still early. For example, we estimate that only 40% of workloads are in the cloud today, only one-third of clients have modernized their ERP platforms, and less than 10% have what we define as mature data and AI capabilities. We believe helping build a strong digital core and then using it to reinvent will be the drivers of our growth. Our ability to advise, shape, and deliver value-led transformation, leveraging the breadth of our services and industry expertise from strategy and consulting, to technology, to our managed services across industries and geographic markets, along with our privileged position with our ecosystem partners, is what makes Accenture unique. And you can see this unique positioning in the number of our Diamond clients, clients who turn to us for large-scale transformation. Over to you, KC.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Great, thanks Tien-Tsin. So it is broad-based, I mean, we have -- we're seeing it broad-based across the globe and across clients. And we continue to see those challenges. So we do think that it's going to -- we do know that it's going to develop a little bit differently based on markets. The challenges in the U.S. are more difficult. They're more focused on both technology and the technology companies and comms, whereas Europe, it's a little different, the complexion. And so, over the course of the year, we expect that the improvement will come at a little different pace depending on the market. And in terms of how we're addressing it, it's really two-fold. So first of all, we're going to continue to pivot within that industry to areas like helping within the confines of how much they are spending, trying to help them cut costs, working on things like customer service investing in more network capabilities. And what we're also doing is pivoting our business to the higher areas of growth, and you see that with acquisitions, like we did answer technologies and Industry X in the U.S., we did Flutura in India and data and AI. And so we've got a lot of areas of growth and you can see that when you take out CMT with the -- how the rest of our business is growing and it's just going to take a little time to make that pivot and that's why what you're seeing in our guidance is that we're going to build over the year as the actions we're taking to continue to pivot the business play out.
Julie Sweet: Sure, so at this point, and remember, when we give you gen AI numbers, we're being very clear it's pure gen AI, so we're not like, you know, sort of talking about data and all of those things. So the real gen AI projects right now are still in that sort of million dollar-ish on average range. And we expect that's going to continue for a while, right? That’s what we're seeing because there's a lot of experimentation. Now what it's doing though is leading clients to look harder at, well, where do I go faster, right, in terms of the digital core? You know, and so we started seeing a tick up, for example, in data migration, right? But it is still extremely early, but that's how we think it's going to, you know, play out over even the coming year, right, as people get more excited about it and it also points out the challenges. But keep in mind that, you know, implementing gen AI is not like, it's like, it's not easy. Entire environments need to be set up. It's quite complex, actually. So it really plays into our strengths of being able to help them understand what it takes, where their gaps are, and then how to take the next step on the journey to get there, even as we see clients being cautious, they're really focused on help us save money, so we can take those next steps.
Julie Sweet: And what I would say on managed services, managed services continue to be really important for our clients, because it's both a cost play, but also a faster digitization play. But it will play out a little bit. So, for example, at Accenture, right, we've got trust and safety and other managed services in the CMT. And so that's going to affect some of our results depending on the quarter and the compare and how things kind of roll out. So that's why what we're thinking about next year will be somewhere in the mid to high-single-digits, but we don't see a fundamental issue around managed services. In fact, we think they are a really strategic priority for many of our clients, but it will play out a little bit differently based on industries. We see less of it based on sort of market per se because clients really need the managed services.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And, look, on our inorganic strategy remember that the way we think about it is, can we get into new areas through our inorganic, like what we did with Anser Advisory and Industry X, which is capital products. It's basically we're very small there before the acquisition, that's an $80 billion addressable market. So that's an acquisition to start to grow there. We think about it as being important to invest in our industry and functional expertise. So in France this year, we -- this last quarter, we did an insurance acquisition in strategy and consulting. And we think about it in terms of scale. So we bought a data and AI practice in terms -- in India this quarter. And so as we are pivoting to the higher areas of growth right now, a real advantage we have is the ability to leverage our investment capacity in order to do that pivot. And of course we're -- right now, we're kind of assuming 2%, but we have the ability to do more if we have the right opportunities. And so we really do think about this as a huge competitive advantage in our industry, in our ability to drive growth and to be in the hot areas of the market.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Thanks, Lisa. So just in terms of -- just as a reminder, so we -- when we announced our business optimization program, we said it would be about $1.5 billion, and that would go through FY ‘24. So we still are saying $1.5 billion through FY ‘24. As it relates to next year, right, we expect to incur approximately $450 million. We were -- we did record $1.1 billion in FY ‘23, which is a little bit more than we expected to do in ‘23. So we were able to get a bit more into the P&L in last fiscal year '23. And I'm happy to go through the impacts on EPS, but you saw that it will be a $0.56 impact on EPS for ‘24, and I'm happy to go through some of the questions that you have. Yes. And also as we go throughout the year, the two -- we take the business optimization out of our results as we go throughout the quarters, so that doesn't -- that's not their driver for why we'll have more margin variability as we go throughout the year. And we'll see how it plays out. It really depends on the countries and different things that we have to go through in terms of process and procedures. And so we're not giving an update as we go throughout the year on the full-year estimate, but we're not breaking that up by quarter.
Julie Sweet: Sure. I mean, what I would say is that overall -- first of all, the large transformational programs include managed services, but they also include building, like so putting new modern ERP programs in place, right? So it's not only kind of managed services just to kind of set the stage for that. And just as you think about the fundamentals, because we think of the transformation deals, managed services are often a way to pay for them. They're often also a way to go faster and modernize, but we really look at those transformational programs in the round. So when you think about the fundamentals that our clients are facing, there is more reinvention ahead than they have done so far. So huge opportunity ahead. And you see that in where they are in the cloud journey, only 40% workloads, right? We estimate less than 10% of our clients are mature in data and AI. Only a third have put in the modern ERP programs. And so as you think about what they have to do, managed services will continue to play a huge role in paying for it and in actually modernizing much of it, as well the other big implementations. We do see, however, right, when you kind of go to the market-- and by the way, that's why we're super well positioned, right? Our strategy is to be that partner and then reinvention begets more, right? So you first build the digital core and then you've got a lot of work on top of that. And that is our growth strategy. Now, if you come to what we're seeing in the market, right? So always best to hear from what's going on in the ground. Last week, I was very busy and I was with about 20 different CEOs and they had three messages, right? Tech is super important, that's number one. Number two, they already have major programs underway and they know they need to do a lot more. But number three is they're feeling cautious about the macro and we've already seen that in the small deals. But they're asking us to help them save money and be more focused right now, even on the bigger programs. And so what I would say is and that's reflected in our guidance is that, the macro is having an effect on the pace of spending right now. Now, again, plays into our strengths in terms of being able to be the reinvention partner, being able to really think about the journey and positions us super well as they navigate that macro. But that is -- the reality is that there is this sense of caution and it's bleeding over to kind of overall, overall demands.
Julie Sweet: And what I would say is that I'm really proud that how we do M&A is a core competency of Accenture, right? So we've now been on this journey. I helped start it when I was the general counsel. I remember that was -- I came in and they were like, we kind of need to increase this and I've done a lot of that in my prior life and what you see is that, as we've grown, we've continued to build the capabilities. We have a very mature machine around integration, but we also have an operating model where we have leaders close to the acquisitions, doing the integration. And they really do vary from very small to larger ones. We've done over $1 billion and we could do even bigger ones with our capital. The point is that, we know how to integrate and we've been doing this now for many, many years.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And then in terms of demand, it's exactly what we've been talking about. The number one area of demand is building that digital core. So you've got clients like the financial service client I mentioned in the script that's not in the cloud at all and is basically needing to migrate to the cloud, right? Then you've got those who are in the cloud but they haven't modernized their ERP. You saw a lot of examples of that. Then you've got security, right? Absolutely has to happen. And then lots of focus on now on data and AI, particularly for those who've already been investing, so they're in the cloud, they've got their modern ERP, and now they want to really accelerate AI. So what's not happening, right, is discretionary spend globally as we saw throughout the year, starting in North America, people are not doing smaller systems integration. They're not doing smaller strategy and consulting, they're prioritizing and focusing on larger deals. And even there, there's prioritizing, especially depending on the industry where you've got more challenges to say, can we -- we've got a lot underway, we're cautious about the environment, so help us Accenture cut costs, so we can afford all of the reinvention ahead of us and help us prioritize what we start next. And that's kind of the overall, sort of, more cautious spending. But I just want to reemphasize, nothing has changed about the fact that our clients have more ahead of them than behind them in terms of building the digital core and then using it to reinvent. And we're the only one in our industry that can both build the technology and at this scale have the industry and the functional expertise to then be positioned to help them use that technology to reinvent. So we are super optimistic about this industry in our position.
Julie Sweet: I'm sure -- my team are going to love the luxury of a few more months. You know, so thank you for that, I'm going to tell them that. See you guys, you've had a few more months. So look, as I talked a little bit about in our script, we're still learning. Remember, these are like, you know, a million dollar sort of things. We're starting tom, you know, look at our -- work it in our own delivery. So it's going to take a few more quarters till I've really got a well-informed view of that. But what I will say is, gen AI is an amazing technology. It's going to do great things. And what I tell all my clients, can't use it unless you're in the cloud, have data, and you've, you know, modernized your core. So that's our opportunity.
Julie Sweet: Yes. So, Jason, let me just kind of give you a little bit more color on guidance, right? So, as we mentioned, we're not assuming in our guidance any improvement in the macro discretionary spend, but we're going to pivot two years of growth. So the macro is going to be kind of this, you know, it's not going to help us or hurt us this year is kind of what really essentially what we're saying. In terms of, you know, color, I'll kind of stick to what we have in the type of work, maybe is the best way of thinking about it. And again, I think just consulting, it's going to build as we go throughout the year. And overall, I think, it's important to know that we are going to build in this environment. We're going to build as we go throughout the year.
Julie Sweet: Yes, sure. So let me just talk about maybe a little bit of bookings. You know, in bookings, we're going to start with the fourth quarter. I mean, if did come in a little bit lighter than we expected, and they can be lumpy, and we saw some deals, kind of, push out. Of the quarter, when it came to small deals, we didn't see any change in the discretionary spend environment. And just to reiterate that we're really pleased with the 21 clients that we had, over $100 million. Julie talked about that, if just reinforces our strategy to be the client's transformational partner of choice and to be at their core. And lastly, as it relates to ‘23, you know, we look at bookings that we're rolling for quarters and I mentioned this on managed services, but just overall we're at a 1.1 book to bill, which I'm really pleased about for the fourth quarters. And then for next year, looking at ‘24 Q1, you're right, it's seasonally a little lighter for us. However, we have a solid pipeline and we do expect that FY ’24 Q1 bookings will reflect growth over FY ’23 Q1.
Julie Sweet: All right. In closing, I really do want to thank again all of our people and our managing directors what they do every day, which is truly extraordinary and gives us a lot of confidence in the future. And I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. I assure you, we are working hard every day to continue to earn it. Thank you.
KC McClure: Sure. In terms of inorganic contribution, for ‘23, it was about 2% was the inorganic contribution and for ‘24, James, we're considering another about 2% in ‘24.
KC McClure: Right. And Lisa, maybe I'll just add, bookings can be lumpy, particularly in managed services. And we look at bookings -- book to bill over rolling four quarters and our goal in managed services is to be 1.2 or above. And that's exactly where we are on a four-quarter basis.
KC McClure: No problem, Keith. Thanks, I'll handle the capital allocation part and I'll hand it over to Julie. So just from a capital allocation standpoint, Julie referenced this a little bit earlier, but our capital allocation framework is really durable, but it is also very flexible. So we've been able to continue to return a significant portion of our cash through dividends and share repurchases. Well over the time we've been flexing at various times the amount of money that we spend in V&A and we can continue with that framework. So just again as a focus, we had about 80% of our free cash flow return to shareholders through dividends and repurchases in FY ‘23 and we actually have a $500 million, $0.5 billion increase in our guidance baked in for next year. So just shows that our capital allocation framework can flex as needed while still doing a great return.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Keith. Really what I would say is managing supply and demand. As you know, it's a core competency of ours and we're going to manage our supply skills based on wherever we see the growth. So we didn't expect that we would need to add a lot of people in -- from Q3 to Q4 as we said and that's exactly what happened. And so we're going to continue to hire for the skills that we need and we're going to focus on the automation and as Julie mentioned, the lot of re-skilling of our people.
KC McClure: Yes. Great, thanks, Darrin. In terms of visibility, right, as we sit here at the beginning of a new fiscal year, as -- we're really confident that we're taking all the right steps to successfully deliver for a full-year and as you know well, we always aim for the top part of the range. But just like every other year at this time, the back half of the year is less certain, because we'll know more when the budgets are set which is really in the back -- which is in the H2 of our year. But as we mentioned, we are going to build throughout the year and why do we say that? Well, first of all, we're confident in the steps that we're taking that Julie highlighted many examples to pivot to the higher growth areas. And we expect that we'll see that come through in the back half of the year and that's also backed up by the investments that we'll make. The second part is that we do have the revenue from the larger scale transformations. It is out there, right? And so we just need to layer in some of the new growth area work that we'll get to as we approach the back half of the year. And the last part, as you're aware, I mean, we do have the benefit of each year comparison in the back half.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So, look, in terms of our full year range, at the top end of our full year range, which again, always where we try to be, it does reflect S&C reconnecting with growth, and that clearly is our goal. Now when -- really the pace is going to differ by market, right, so it's hard to tell exactly when it will be throughout the year. Of course, we'll update you as we go through. And North America is our biggest market, it will be a bit more challenged.
