Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our excellent financial results for both the second quarter and the first half of 2018. For the quarter, we again delivered strong double-digit revenue growth which was broad based across all dimensions of our business. We continued to go ahead of the market and are clearly gaining significant market share.  I am positively pleased with our record new bookings. The very strong demand we are seeing especially in digital, cloud and security, demonstrate that we continue to provide clients with highly differentiated and relevant services. Here are a few highlights for the second quarter and year-to-date.  We delivered excellent new booking of $10.3 billion for the quarter and 20.2 billion for the first half. We grew revenues 10% in local currency for both the quarter and year-to-date. We delivered outstanding earnings per share for the quarter of $1.58 on an adjusted basis, 19% increase and for the first half EPS grew 16% on an adjusted basis.  Operating margin was 13.4% for the quarter and 14.5% for the first half, a contraction of 20 basis points year-to-date. We generated very strong free cash flow of $791 million for the quarter and nearly 1.7 billion year-to-date. And we continue to return substantial cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends including $2.2 billion year-to-date. Today, we announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share, which will bring total dividend payment for the year to $2.66 per share, a 10% increase over last year. So as we move in the second half of 2018 I feel very good about the momentum in our business. We are raising our business outlook for revenues, earning per share and free cash flow, and I am confident in our ability to deliver another strong year.  Now let me hand over to David, who will review the number in greater detail. David over to you. 
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, indeed, our consulting business as you’ve seen has become stronger and stronger and you’ve seen specially we are really pleased with the bookings we see in our consulting business. The rotation to the new [easy] factor explaining that we are gaining more consulting business but as well the rotation to the new is consulting as well, creating a ripple affect with the rest of Accenture. So it has a good contribution in the full range of our services, from strategy to consulting, digital and technology, and as well operations.  So the new is really impacting across the board, but we see a very positive impact in our strategy and consulting business as well as in system integration. Bookings are very strong, and if bookings are very strong, it’s because we have a good win and conversation rate.
Pierre Nanterme: Good question. Now we could say the new is the business of Accenture. So I think we will continue to talk about (inaudible) to the new, because what we believe at Accenture is the wave of this new emerging disruptive technology will continue to come in at an incredible pace. That’s why we continue to talk about the new, because today we’ve been talking a lot about interactive mobility, analytics, and cloud security.  We know to some extent the next new, if I could use that language is coming fast in terms of immersive realities, blockchain, even quantum gate and other technologies. So the new is Accenture, now the remaining core is pretty solid and we are pleased with that because frankly we have invested as well to continue modernizing the core.  So we didn’t play defense, which is something we don’t like to do at Accenture frankly, but we played the attack by modernizing our core business, and I’m thinking about what we’ve been doing in terms of bringing a lot of [robotic] automations in our services in terms of application outsourcing, in terms of business process services.  So, we improve and increase the competitiveness of our services vis-à-vis of our clients, and by the way it does reflect in the good growth we had in technology and operations. So we don’t let the core down, we invest in the core, we pay interest tax, we modernize, and we continue to be a very stronger player and leader in the core.
Pierre Nanterme: On Accenture Interactive, and I clearly understand your question. When you look in the typical business of the agency, there are things we’re competing against and things we’re not doing at all. And the things we are not doing at all is all in this buying business you have in the agencies and this business is trending down significantly, as we all know. So we are not in this typical part of the business. Where we are focused on is clearly the high growth part of this digital marketing environment, where what we are calling brand meets creativity enabled by technology. This is the sweet spot we decided to invest in and we benefit from the investment.  Second is, we are certainly one of the very few, if not unique to provide a full range of services against our mentality of end-to-end from design to production services to commerce services to analytic services, and now, we’re launching intelligent marketing services. So we have this full range of technologies from experience to enabling the customer to want magic of marketing in digital as well with the physical experience, what we’re now calling the physical, the combination of physical and digital.  And three, it’s just the leverage of the full scale and footprint of Accenture. Just bear in mind, we are among the very few if you compare to any of our competitors to operate in more than 50 markets or 50 countries. We are covering more than 15 industries, I guess, 19. So when you look at the depths and breadths of our footprint, we have the opportunity to grow in much more industries and in much more markets, bringing these end-to-end capabilities, highly differentiated, and targeted in high growth areas.  Proof-point, take Fjord as an illustration, we acquired now three or four years ago with around 150 people, maybe 160. Now, they are more than a 1.000 people creating the largest experience agency in the world. This is the leverage which is provided by Accenture, and this leverage opportunity is absolutely second to none in the marketplace.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, of course. Frankly, financial services by and large if you look this (inaudible) has been strong. It is an industry, despite all of the value effects around that industry. It’s an industry which is still investing a lot in technology because financial services is all about tech. And they have to invest if they want to stay relevant.  Now, you have some very specific areas of growth. I’m thinking about risk and regulatory management. You know what’s happening in financial services, there’s a lot on regulatory requirements across the world, especially in Europe, we have to do the paddle (inaudible). In insurance, the severance in capital market, they have their own regulation as well, and then you have all the risk management which is a very hot place in financial services for all the reasons we know.  So it’s creating a significant market, so all what we could, we are calling (inaudible), risk and regulatory management. Of course the other part is always related to omni-channel management. In financial services and in banking, you need now to have an omni-channel architecture with your physical branches, where you’re adding your digital capabilities. And all of this should create a seamless customer experience.  All of this has to be built, so you need a lot of strategic work to create this experience architecture, and then you need to build the digital platforms and all the new related processes. And maybe three, is data; financial services is an industry where you’re mining tons of data, tons of information. And all this concept for the banks, mining their own data, I’m talking about the data of the banks to find new business models that could create value is very (inaudible).  So the activity there, you mentioned Europe rightfully, because in Europe, it’s true in the US, but it’s very true in Europe, the retail businesses is pretty depressed because the interest rates are pretty low. So, when your interest rates are pretty low, you’re not delivering the same profit in your core business, the retail business. So you need to do something in order to uplift your growth and improve our market.  So the financial services is under pressure, but again it’s like the other businesses. They’re under pressure, so they are looking for new capabilities, new business models, and this is where we position those services.
Pierre Nanterme: As I’ve said before particularly at Accenture, it’s called the new and the [nu-new]. And I encourage all of you and I will mention that in a few minutes to participate with the idea, because we will reveal a lot about the nu-new and what’s next. So I’m going to give to you some flavor on the blockchain, on the artificial intelligence.  On the blockchain, there are more and more projects, and again, what we see is we’re starting to move from typical prototypes and proof-of-concept to [famous book] to projects starting to get some scale. We’re not yet there and I think we’re starting to see what’s most important with blockchain. What are the relevant areas where blockchain could create value? And that’s what we’re doing in our labs. This is what we’re doing with cool innovation with our partners.  And when you have a new technology, the big question is how you create business and value out of this new tech. This is what we’re doing currently with the accounts of several banks in Singapore. So it can do banking arrangement, where we see lots of application of blockchain. Capital markets as well. This is what we’re doing with the exchange in Australia. Very recently, we announced new opportunities in the shipping industry with a subsidiary of St Maarten CGM, which is one of the largest shipping company in the world. In the contract management, we see the payments, we see the transaction exchange, and we see a lot around document and contract management. At first we’re starting to explore is as well around tracking and food security or security in tracking the supply chain. So payment, transaction exchange, contract management, tracking of the supply chain, these are four applied opportunities on the blockchain.  On artificial intelligence, probably it would take two days to mention all of the opportunities we see in applying the artificial intelligence across the globe. Clearly, the way we look at it, because we are absolutely obsessed with applying technology to create value. I’m not using a data, the kind of (inaudible) thing, where at the end of the day you don’t know exactly what to do with it. So that’s why we call applied intelligence and not artificial intelligence unit, and pushing our people to deliver value to clients with the italics.  Today, we are really focusing on analytics, plus machine learning, and then you’re putting the growing mix of artificial intelligence on top of it. It’s playing a lot with data, it’s playing a lot in the manufacturing industry, where now you have tons of sensors where you can mine the data and do things such as predicting investments, just to mention one of not just application, but we see a lot of artificial intelligence in the predictive business, massive application in healthcare and life science.  Couldn’t be more pleased with the partnership we made with Roche in cancer research, when we’re working on the app, which is called a Tumor Board, where we are integrating machine learning and algorithmic artificial intelligence to improve cancer diagnosis and recommendations for the patient.  I can speak forever, but I think we don’t have time, Angie.
Pierre Nanterme: It’s always the same. When you’re starting something new, it’s rich if you will in terms of services, in terms of strategy, consulting, and high-end tech. That’s the way you start. And when these new businesses are starting to mature in the (inaudible) if you will, then you add in more of the delivery services, more of the operations services coming behind.  Take security services, for instance, we started with security strategy, identity, cyber threats, and we added managed security services. So, the nu-new is clearly more around the high-end tech, high-end consulting to bring the industry expertise, and this is what we see with to mention the three nu-new as you will know more again by the idea, I’m doing a bit of advertising for the (inaudible) around immersive realities, blockchain technologies, and artificial intelligence and security services. So it’s more on the consulting like high-end tech.
Pierre Nanterme: Alright. It’s time to wrap up, and thanks again for joining us today on this call. Just in closing, clearly we a strong momentum in our business, our market leading position in the new, we feel very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and delivering value for our clients, our people, and our shareholders.  We really look forward to talking with you again next quarter, and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst Conference, I mentioned many times in that call, in New York on April 25. In the meantime, if you have any questions or calls, please feel free to connect and call Angie and the team. All the best, talk to you soon and see you in New York.
David Rowland: Yes, on H&PS there are really two set of things at play; first of all, we had a decline in profitability that was primarily driven by lower contract profitability on a few large contracts, and some of that relates to renewals at lower level of profitability that may have been previously contracted out.  And then secondly in the mix for H&PS are higher acquisition-related costs for a number of acquisitions that we’ve done over the trailing four quarters. So those are really the two factors in H&PS, our leadership team is very focused on the profit agenda in H&PS and we do expect H&PS’s profit to improve in the second half of the year. But in the quarter, those were the two primary drivers.
David Rowland: What I would say is; stating the obvious; this year’s guidance at 14.8 is in the context of this year. It in no way signals anything about what our ability is on an ongoing basis to deliver modest margin expansion. And while as you know, I’m not going to provide specific guidance, I do feel comfortable saying in general terms that our strategic objective to overtime expand our margins modestly in the 10 basis points to 30 basis point range remains intact. There isn’t anything about this year that changes our view on that.
David Rowland: And I’ll just add one point to what Pierre said I think an important insight in the mix of consulting is a very strong market in our platform business. You when we talk about our platform business, we’re talking about SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, and Workday primarily, and that part of our business is growing very well. There is definitely a lot of market activity around next generation ERP, and we’re benefiting from that in our consulting business.  And as Pierre said the conversion rate - with stronger growth in consulting, those projects on average tend to be shorter in duration, so bookings do tend to convert to revenue at a faster rate.
David Rowland: Our tax rate is lumpy by quarter. The tax rate in any particular quarter is essentially driven by four things, it’s driven by the geographic mix, it’s driven by the change in reserves, it’s driven by final determinations, and it’s also driven by the tax impact of equity compensation. So for example, if you look at the second quarter, the second quarter typically has a structurally lower tax rate, the lowest of the four quarters, primarily because of the equity compensation, and the fact that the equity compensation is primarily granted on January 1.  And as you know when our stock is appreciating as it has been, and the stock price is higher when it was initially granted as opposed to the [best] date, then we get a tax benefit from that, which is what we see, for example in the second quarter of this year. So, do not read anything into the implied tax rate for the second half of the year or quarter three or quarter four. I would focus more on the annual tax rate and recognize that in any given year our tax rate is lumpy by quarter for any number of reasons.
David Rowland: You are a student of tax when you get into that question. So we did disclose the ASU that you referenced in our K. And in that disclosure, we commented on a potential impact of up to 3.5 percentage points. I think I might have also called out, at that time, that that is an impact in isolation, but as always there are other things that impact our tax rate including tax planning.  Also you’re asking about ’19, in the case of ‘19, you’re aware that the base erosion tax kicks in, but it kicks in at a lower level than it does in ‘20. So there are a lot of things in the mix in ‘19. Again I’m not going to comment specifically on guidance, but I will say that, as we sit now subject to change as we continue to evaluate our tax situation, we don’t see a material change in our tax rate in ‘19 from the adjusted guidance that we’re providing this year. And I’ll update that in September, but that’s our current view.
David Rowland: One thing is that the inorganic contribution will be incrementally lower in the second half of the year. That’s in the mix, but other than that, there is not anything specifically. As you know, I think everyone knows is that we work very hard to land towards the upper end of the range, and we feel very good about our business as we turn the page to the second half of the year. We feel great about our pipeline, we expect to have another good bookings quarter in the third quarter, and we’re going to work hard every day to try to land at the upper end of the range, and that would be a good result.
David Rowland: I’ll comment briefly on inorganic and then I’ll I’m going to let Pierre pick up on the second. Previously we had said 2.5% to 3% for inorganic, and I would say now we’re looking at more like 2.5%. So really its 2.5% for the year, I’m referring to.
David Rowland: I don’t think there’s not anything one-time in nature that would be appropriate to call out on this call. In a big operating group, there are a lot of things in the mix. And I would tell you that we have a very, very strong leadership team led by Dan London and our H&PS operating group and they are very diligently focusing on both driving the strategy and growth agenda, but also our profitability agenda.  And I have confidence the trajectory for H&PS in the second half of the year is going to be a positive trajectory. They are working all levers that we normally focus on, which is everything from our pricing to our cost of delivery, through to the efficiency and effectiveness of our sales and marketing costs, our investments, etcetera. And I think they’ve got the levers at their disposal to navigate an improving trajectory.
David Rowland: It sounds like he had a bad connection, do you want to go to the next one, are you hearing me better now or --? Darrin we cannot hear you actually, you’re breaking up on us. 
David Rowland: That is primarily FX (inaudible), essentially what is driving that this year. We have two types of hedging we do; we hedge certain balance sheet items to hedge against intercompany movement of cash and transactions, and then the other hedging program of course is on our GDN. But there are some balance sheet items we don’t hedge. So some of those are unhedged losses, if you will.  But then even for our hedging programs, at times the hedging programs can result in hedging gains or losses below operating income. So that’s all in the mix. The simple answer is, it’s all related to hedging losses this quarter and that can vary quarter-to-quarter. And so all that’s accounted for the important point in our EPS guidance.
David Rowland: We think it will be stronger in the back half of the year, but we think we could land a bit lower than $1 billion for the full year.
David Rowland: Sequentially the trend is an improvement, and we expect sequentially the trend to continue to improve throughout the rest of the year. We’re always focused on contract profitability. No matter what the result, we always want it to be better than it was, and that is certainly true in the second quarter. But sequentially it was a moderately improving trend.
David Rowland: Purely in the context of if you laid our first half results last year side-by-side with the first half results this year, really the two big impacts, and we always start with our segments. But the first big impact is H&PS, and if you look at H&PS and if you were to look at the rest of the Accenture business absent H&PS, in the first half of the year, absent H&PS, the rest of the Accenture business was flat in the first half of the year.  On the other hand, if you look at our inorganic and if you were to look at the impact of inorganic in the P&L and you look at the side-by-side, the underlying business or, let’s say the organic part of Accenture, the margins would’ve expanded significantly in the first half of the year. And of course, that is our whole model is to expand the underlying profitability in order to absorb investments. And, for the full year, delivering consistent operating margins is a reflection of that.
David Rowland: Not really. Our business is growing rapidly and we’re constantly in the talent market, bringing people on board. Maybe there’s a little friction cost there, but it’s just normal business. That’s all within the space of our normal supply chain management and hiring activities.
David Rowland: Nothing materially changed for H&PS. The explanation of H&PS is in the context of a year-over-year comparison in the context of what we had expected this year. We had expected H&PS’s profitability to be lower, and it’s in the range of what we had expected.  Our change in margin outlook for the year is really a reflection of a conscious decision we’re making to create the right capacity to continue making investments in our business this year in order to continue to execute our strategy, and to do that while, at the same time, generating significant returns to our shareholders with strong market leading revenue growth, double-digit EPS growth, and strong market leading cash flow generation.  So, everything is in the context of driving significant value to our shareholders and having the right investment capacity to position our business for the long run.
