Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We had an excellent first quarter and I am extremely pleased with our results. We delivered strong and broad-based revenue growth across all dimensions of our business and gained significant market share once again. Our strategy continues to different Accenture in the marketplace and we are seeing very strong demand for our services, particularly in digital, cloud and security. Here are few highlights for the quarter. We delivered very strong new bookings of $10 billion. We generated revenues of was $9.5 billion with 10% growth in local currency. We delivered very strong earnings per share of $1.79, a 13% increase. Operating margin was 15.6%, consistent with the first quarter last year. We generated strong free cash flow of nearly $900 million and we returned more than $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. So, we are off to a strong start in fiscal year 2018 and I feel very good about the continued momentum in our business. Now, let me handover to David, who will review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, sure. Complementing to just what you said, I clearly see three main drivers for strategy and consulting growth. I think of course the number one is pretty obvious is there is a strong and stronger demand around digital strategies and digital transformations in all industries and across the world. And number two, there is still the same appetite today for rationalization. You know what is this [ph] around the evolution of the industries; digitalization is on one hand, rationalization on the other hand. In terms of rationalization as administration, we have great success with our, what we call, BBZ, budget base zero kind of approach, which is all about rationalizing operations and cost to make our client more effective. And three, it is a clear rebound in what I would call the platform business. And by platform, I’m thinking about SAP, I’m thinking about Microsoft, I’m thinking about Salesforce.com as an illustration. Clearly, their new platforms, cloud-enabled are creating demand for our technology services, but as well are driving demand for consulting services, because you have to significantly transform the organization as well as the processes.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Thanks Lisa for your question. And indeed, I’ve been reading carefully the report you provided regarding your CIO survey. And I could only describe to the conclusion you’ve made from this survey, indeed there is an increase in the budget. But, as you know, the investments -- I mean, they continue to shift from the legacy to the new to use our own terminology. And on the legacy, the demand is still around rationalizing the application and rationalizing the infrastructure, which is creating a good demand on our cloud services administration or good demand as well and we have results this year on our application outsourcing business, which is part of our application services. And indeed, we see a shift of the budget to digital technologies at large, including the digital technologies in the IT shelf but I would extend to the digital technology in the marketing budget as well. And all of this is increasing, as I think we’re moving in digital from what I would qualify these last couple of years, the proliferation of the POC, the proof-of-concept. So, the prototypes that have been proliferating across the different organizations; and now we are moving to the industrialization of the deployment of the digital capabilities. And of course, it’s creating strong demand to Accenture services because we organize our capabilities exactly to support the industrialization of digital services.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I’m very pleased to comment on this. I mean, first, what we’re calling the new digital, cloud, security services; you added platforms, I’m fine with that. We see continued momentum in the services we have built these last few years, interactive, what we call mobility, analytics, cloud and security. This is very strong and we continue to enjoy a good growth. But, in addition, we don’t stand still. And this is what I wanted to communicate, especially in this call to all of you is the new ways of digital technologies and innovations are coming extremely rapidly. And so, what we wanted to make sure we stay ahead of the curve and so we could provide to our clients at scale, the services in these new technologies, and that’s why we are launching these three new services that are going to join Accenture Digital. I’m thinking about Accenture Applied Intelligence, so bringing the artificial intelligence and machine learning on top of our existing analytics business. So, the analytics business had a good momentum, and we are adding artificial intelligence and machine learning to accelerate this momentum and accelerate growth. We’re doing a very similar thing by the creation of Accenture Industry X.0 where we’re bringing the new capabilities we’ve developed in terms of engineering, production on the internet manufacturing, if you will, around the digital manufacturing platforms and all the IoT and connected devices world to again sustain and accelerate our momentum in that space. And the last one is around what we’re calling intelligent marketing campaign in Accenture Interactive. Again, Accenture Interactive has an excellent momentum as we speak in the existing services, mainly design, content production and commerce production as well. And we are adding intelligent marketing operations. So, we are adding on top of the good momentum an accelerator, if you will with the new capabilities we are launching. So, I’m very comfortable that we will continue to drive excellent double-digit growth in this part of our business.
Pierre Nanterme: No doubt the digital projects are getting bigger and they are getting bigger, just consistent with the transition, as mentioned before. We had this space where clients were investing in smaller projects that qualified in terms of prototyping or proof-of-concept type of projects, testing the thing. Now, we’ve passed that phase where we have evidence that the digital transformation is driving growth and value for the different industries and clients are shifting to industrialize the digital capabilities. You’ve seen more and more the creation of what we’re calling or clients are calling digital factories, digital hub. That’s exactly what we’re doing with Schneider Electric, illustrated a few minutes ago. So, the projects are getting bigger in average as digital technologies are maturing and are scaling. So, it’s a very good trend. And of course, it is supporting double-digit growth in digital- related services.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I’m going to give some color on this, because it’s giving me the opportunity to give you an information we didn’t match in the script. When you talk about sole-source, I think it does relate to the quality and the deepness of the trusted relationships we have developed with our clients over many, many years. And I’m very pleased to share with all this group that we have now 169 diamond clients. I am mentioning this number, because many of you know how important are these diamond clients in the Accenture’s strategy including in the economic model. It’s a record high of diamond clients at Accenture, 169, including the best brands across all the world and the deepness and the kind of relationship we’ve been developing for many, many years are as well driving these sole-source projects, because sole-source projects are directly correlated to the trust and the confidence our clients are putting in Accenture.
Pierre Nanterme: I couldn’t be more pleased to comment on Accenture Interactive, which I would qualify as a darling of Accenture. And I want to take this opportunity to recognize Brian Whipple for the amazing job he has been doing in providing leadership on Accenture Interactive. And Accenture Interactive has been creating not long ago and as you know, for two years in the row, we have been ranked as the leading company in digital marketing by Advertising Age in terms of size, in terms of growth. We have an amazing momentum. I was very pleased to announce in my presentation that we are now the agency of record for Maserati. It means something for us because it means that indeed we are now a key player in the agency world. We are gaining massive market share. We are becoming certainly a leader in digital marketing solutions. And we have three major segments so far in Accenture Interactive, all the digital design was filled, all the digital content production. And you will remember that some years ago we acquired a company called avVenta being the basis for that. And in all commerce, e-commerce solutions with Acquity. You’ll remember an acquisition made in the U.S., and very pleased with the acquisition of Altima we made in France as well, which is going to boost our equity -- digital equity business. And we are adding now this intelligent marketing campaign where we’re going to analytics and artificial intelligence. So that’s the kind of fourth growth engine we are adding in Accenture Interactive. And so, I am extremely comfortable that we will continue to gain market share and to grow significantly with Accenture Interactive. And I am very pleased by the way that to lead our intelligent marketing campaign, we are going to welcome a very prominent and iconic leader from the industry Nikki Mendonça who is going to join Accenture soon to lead that business. So, couldn’t be more pleased.
Pierre Nanterme: It’s a good question. So, let me start by -- I’m going to talk for David on this because David has got a very strong point of view on the topic and always telling me that the big transaction in professional services fails at 100%, which is quite a significant percentage if you will. So, are we going to see that? I don’t know. This is not our game at Accenture. Our game is to drive organic growth on top of acquisition of very specific companies with very specific and differentiated capabilities. And then, what Accenture is offering to these companies we’re acquiring is our unique access to the best brands in the world and our unique geographic footprint; that’s the combo we’re bringing. You imagine, when these companies are joining Accenture with access to 169 diamond clients the best brands in the world. So, I tend to trust David, I always trust David. 100% of the big transaction in professional services and consolidation fail.
Pierre Nanterme: What I can share with you is indeed our view on this platform’s market. As you know, we are working with all the major players in the ecosystem, I mean think about SAP, or I call Microsoft, Salesforce.com, Workday to mention a few. If you take what probably you’d call the legacy players and not the -- I mean, the cloud native [ph] such as Salesforce.com and Workday, there are kind of periods, especially SAP and Oracle, of pause where they were facing this transition from on-premise to cloud-enabled platforms. And then what you’ve been seeing is that put the act together in a very strong way. And if you take just SAP, they launched S/4HANA and then on top of HANA their in-memory analytics tools, they are putting now Leonardo, which is bringing more intelligent and artificial intelligence on top of it. And all of this now is cloud enabled and you heard that partnership between SAP and Azure to provide the SAP solution on the cloud. And now, this is what we’ve seen in our services that our services on these platforms are growing significantly. And so, to a great extent, I don’t believe that there is anymore -- the terminology of legacy players. I think they’ve been able to transition in the new and now they could compete in cloud ERP solution, likewise the Salesforce.com or the Workday. So, I’m very impressed with the rotation they’ve been driving in their business to move from on-promise legacy to cloud as a service business.
Pierre Nanterme: No, I can mention. I mean there are many analysts who have been providing information as well as you are driving CIO surveys and they are all very consistent that the budget would increase with the shift from legacy to digital. But for me, to be honest, with 10 billion bookings in Q1, it would be hard not to acknowledge there is a demand out there. 
Pierre Nanterme: All right. I think it’s time right Angie to wrap up the call. Thanks again for joining us on today’s call. So, in closing and with the first quarter now behind us, as you probably heard from David and I, we feel very good about where we are. And I’m personally confident that we are well-positioned to continue gaining market share, driving profitable growth and delivering value for both our clients and all our stakeholders. I want to wish you, our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any question, as always, please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best. Happy New Year. Talk to you next year.
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, let me start by saying that we are very, very pleased with our consulting bookings, obviously in the first quarter. We do see good momentum in the business. We’re pleased with our pipeline. And in fact, if you look at our bookings overall, we expect to have another strong bookings quarter in quarter two. So, if you look at momentum really, broadly across our business including consulting but not limited to consulting, we are very, very positive. Perhaps your question really was getting at therefore why didn’t we raise guidance further, perhaps? And on one hand, we have a lot of reasons to be optimistic. We clearly see momentum in our business, but on the other hand it’s just one quarter in the books. And as we normally do, we want to have a little bit more visibility to the full year before we significantly change guidance. We feel obviously very comfortable. We’re taking the low end of the previous guided range off the table. And we will see where we end in quarter two. And at that point, we will reevaluate the upper end of the range. But overall, very comfortable with our business and feel very good about the momentum.
David Rowland: Okay. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. For the full year, our view of acquisitions hasn’t changed. We expect the revenue contribution, the inorganic to be in the 2.5 to 3% range. Now, that will be heavier or higher in the first half of the year where in the first half of the year, the impact is in the 3 to 3.5% range; and certainly, in the first quarter, let’s say it was probably more toward the upper end of that 3 to 3.5% range. And then, in second half of the year, it will be lower in the 2 to 2.5% range. So, 2.5 to 3 for the full year, higher in H1, a little bit lower in H2. We continue to focus obviously on acquisitions as an essential part of our strategy. We did have a lower level of acquisitions in the first quarter. There is nothing you should read into that, is driven by market dynamics and the timing and kind of lumpiness of the way the pipeline evolves in acquisitions. We continue to focus on investing 1.1 to $1.4 billion this year, heavily focused on the new and acquiring critical capabilities to further support that part of our business, which is growing at such a high rate.
David Rowland: Yes. Let me make a comment or two, and then Pierre may want to add some comments or not, depending on what I say. So, first of all, let me just remind you. When we had this discussion last year, we noted for the group that all of our businesses are subject to going through ebbs and flows and cycles. We commented on the fact that in fiscal 2015 and 2016, we had consistent double-digit growth in consulting and strategy services combined. We mentioned last year that application services and operations were very hot. And we also talked about the fact that our strategy and consulting practitioners really play two roles. One role is to serve our clients and delivering strategy and consulting services specifically. But the other role is to really bring the full scope of Accenture services and offerings to the client. So, they have a dual role of both selling the full suite of Accenture’s capability to drive transformation, as well as let’s say business-specific service. So, in that context, as we indicated, these parts of our business can go through kind of natural ebbs and flows. We’re at a point in time now, where if you look at the transformation that a lot of industries just continue to go through, if you look at the high level of growth in the new, we’re at a point where the convergence, the factors were such the demand for those services, which is higher in quarter one, it was fairly broad-based and it was heavily focused on the new. In fact, the growth rate for consulting and strategy in the new was much higher than the average growth rate of mid-single-digits that I commented on. Pierre, let me just see if there is anything you’d want to add to that.
David Rowland: The primary driver of our growth in the quarter continues to be the new. So, the big story continues to be underpinning that 10% is just very, very strong growth in the new.
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, as I said, I don’t think there’s anything particular to point out on our free cash flow guidance. The first quarter played out pretty much exactly as we had expected. It’s typical that we have an uptick in DSO in the first quarter from the fourth quarter, and that played out as expected in the range that we had expected. And we continue to track well for our free cash flow for the full year. Again, one of the things that you know Lisa we comment on is the relationship between free cash flow and net income. And our free cash flow range continues to indicate that we have a model where the free cash flow exceeds our net income. So, we feel very good about it. I mean, we work hard every day on DSOs and other aspects of our cash flow to try to land as high in the range as possible. But, we feel good about the range that we started here with and reconfirmed just few minutes ago.
David Rowland: And if I could just add -- let me just add one comment just on the quantitative side and call out that our revenues in the new now represent approximately 55% of our total revenue stream. One of the things that Pierre and I were looking at yesterday is -- and of course, we have been managing this for many quarters now is just how pervasive that is across our business. I mean, literally, every industry, every geographic market, you see a level of rotation to the new that is let’s say in the range of 50% or higher and 55% overall. And I think that that’s important for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that supports an essential element of our strategy which is to create durability and resiliency in our revenue. And that’s an illustration, one illustration of how our model is working to do that.
David Rowland: Okay, great. Very good question. So, first of all is -- I think you started with -- let me just again say that our operating margin can in fact vary quarter-to-quarter. That’s the typical pattern in our business for a variety of reasons. Let me also reiterate that irrespective of what our margin was in quarter one which we were pleased with, we feel very comfortable that we’re on the trajectory of delivering 10 to 30 basis points of expansion for the full year while also meeting on our management objective which is to invest at significantly higher levels than the rate of our revenue growth and then covering that by real underlying expansion in our margin. As it relates to quarter one, there are probably two or three things that I would point out, none of which are too much of a surprise in terms of a normal flow of our business. The first thing, I would highlight is that quarter one of last year was an extremely strong quarter for us. You may remember, Rod, that quarter one of last year, we reported 40 basis points of expansion. And so, some of what you say in our first quarter result is -- compare against a very strong quarter last year. I think if I was to just point two other things in our results in the first quarter. One thing is, as you alluded to and I confirmed, we did have a very high level of investments flow through our P&L in the first quarter, which I think you and others would expect, given many reasons including the $1.7 billion of acquisitions that we invested in last year. And I would say in general, our investments are probably on balance higher in the first half of the year this year than the second half of the year. The other thing that we called out is that we did see some of our operating groups had lower consulting contract profitability. But again, as you know as well, our contract profitability ebbs and flows at different points in time in our business. And we expect that consulting contract profitability improves as we progress through the year. So, those are some things, I would say, the tough, the higher compares. So really, I would say, we delivered a consistent level of very high profitability that we reported quarter one last year. And the rate of investment growth was much higher than the rate of revenue growth.
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, we have had -- we track this every quarter. And frankly, we have an amazing level of consistency in the sole-source deals as a percentage of the total. It continues to run in the range of about 70%. So, really, Rod, we’ve seen -- we haven’t seen a significant change in that pattern. I think, Pierre, you wanted to add something.
David Rowland: Yes. So, just to I guess to reconfirm, to ensure I was clear in the remarks I made in the script. Again, we expect our tax rate this year again to be in the 22 to 24% range. And that does not include the impact of the U.S. tax legislation. Again, our current assessment is that the impact on the effective tax rate will be minimal, other than a non-cash expense for fiscal 2018, which could be up to 500 million which reflects the impact of lower tax rates on our U.S. deferred tax assets. I didn’t say it in the script but let me also add that we do not expect an impact on our tax cash payments this year. So, having said that, over time, on an ongoing basis the legislation could modestly impact our ongoing effective tax rate by imposing taxes on our intercompany transactions and limiting our ability to deduct certain expenses. And so, the specific answer to your question beyond what I said about 2018 is that on an ongoing basis, we think it could modestly impact our ongoing effective tax rate. And essentially, you’ve got the lower rate, which is let’s say offset essentially or closely offset by the loss of certain deductions and then the other thing in the mix as well is the tax imposed on intercompany transactions. But, in the mix, we see a modest impact over time.
David Rowland: I would say that -- I wouldn’t -- I understand that if you just look at it purely numerically, you would say that we have a lower rate of acquisitions. I wouldn’t say that -- what I would say is that this year’s estimate of 1.1 to 1.4 is entirely consistent with our strategic objective. It just so happens that last year, the nature of the opportunities in the marketplace was such that we went above what would be our typical strategic range. That could happen at any time in the future. So, it’s not a slowdown as much as it was last year; it was just above our strategic range. And this year, we’re guiding 1.1 to 1.4 which is right consistent with our strategic objective and we’ll see how the year plays out.
