Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our outstanding financial results for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. For the year, we continued to strengthen our leadership position in "the New", Digital, Cloud and Security Services. We gained significant market share growing about three times to market with strong growth in nearly all of our largest markets once again. And we returned very substantial cash to our shareholders. Here are the few highlights for the year. We delivered record new bookings of $42.8 billion. We’re generating revenues of $39.6 billion, another record and of 10.5% in local currency. I am especially pleased with our balanced growth once again across the dimensions of our business. We delivered record earnings per share of $6.74 on an adjusted basis, a 14% increase. Operating margin was 14.8%, consistent with last year on an adjusted basis. We’re generating outstanding free cash flow of $5.4 billion. We returned $4.3 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.46 per share a 10% increase over our prior dividend. So, we delivered an excellent year in fiscal 2018 and I feel very good about our business, the durability of our performance and the strong momentum we have as we enter the new fiscal year. Now, let me hand over to David, who’ll review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean the margin drivers are really consistent with what I've talked about previously and you could really look at it in two ways, I mean first of all our profitability fundamentally starts with strong contract profitability and that gets into the way we price our services, and gets into the discipline with which we deliver those services to the expected economics and so contract profitability is always high on our profit agenda. And of course it can be impacted by a number of things including the mix of work in a particular quarter or year across the business dimensions, it can also be influenced by the mix of work across geographies. But we're very focused on profitability and of course our strategy which is focused on leading and delivering high value services to our clients to be outcome driven in the work that we perform for our clients and of course our focus on leading in "the New", all of that supports our objective of expanding our contract profitability over time. The other two things if you look at it through another lens would be that our profit drivers are also focused on efficiently managing the evolution of our payroll structure in relation to the evolution of our revenue and of course we have an ongoing focus on that. And then finally we're always focused on continuing to improve our SG&A structure in the efficiency of the cost of doing business and all of those things come into our margin expansion objectives for next year.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, so we expect our inorganic contribution next year to be about 1.5%, that's about a point lower than our experience in FY 2018 but it’s important to reinforce that we are firmly committed to our inorganic strategy again using inorganic as an engine of organic growth. This year we would expect to spend up to $1.5 billion consistent with our capital allocation strategy as always given the right opportunities and the right circumstances, we could certainly spend more than that. And from a profitability standpoint, all of that is in the mix of how we manage our margin expansion over time, you've heard us say many times that underneath the margin that we report externally, we have underlined margin improvement which I referenced from time to time and our focus as an organization is to get sufficient improvement in our underlying margin so that we can absorb all of our investments which includes our ambition around acquisitions as part of our growth strategy.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, on attrition, so let me directly answer your question. We are constant with the 17 not at all. Let’s be clear, I think we are today, we believe it’s reality level of attrition given the level of competition for talents in the marketplace. We have today zero issues to hire the talent that we need and it’s true everywhere across the world and so we are - and from way we do to be attractive, I mean first our strategy, I mean the rotation to "the New", the fact that we are leading in all these new ways of interactive manufacturing Internet, artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, cloud, blockchain and I can mention and it is creating a very attractive place to be. Second is our performance. We are the leader in the industry and of course it's attractive for talent. I was just reading this morning, its fresh from France, I’m in Paris], we are the number one in all the dimensions as in professional services from an industry standpoint, from a technology standpoint and across the board. So we have zero issue being attractive and finally it’s our balance strategy and the environment we providing to our people. I think we worked a lot to create the right workplace where people are collaborating. We are creating a right environment to add multiple cultures coming together and developing a lot of creative thinking. And it’s our tone and style we are developing at Accenture and its probably to benefit of being the leader.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes on this jumping on this one David, I mean for us platforms are extremely important to the success of our country. I think this is very clear what we’re calling now the intelligent platforms because the platform provided by our partners SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Workday and Salesforce but that could add that so system and others are becoming more and more intelligent and our strategy has always been the same. We leveraged the best platform in the marketplace and this and is important on top of them we build industry specifications. So for instance when we’re working with an SAP we have developed a very specific add on that platform in upstream oil and gas. The same in utility we’re working with the Salesforce.com on joint company called Velocity and the objective of Velocity is add speed develop industry specific solutions on top of the Salesforce capabilities. So this is our strategy and it’s working so far very well.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, sure so very pleased to comment on financial services. If I had to summarize the situation it’s mainly Europe where we are facing this challenging of lower growth. And it’s mainly due to some large program we had in Europe winding down in the context of 2018. So something which is not un-typical by the way that happened in other industries this last few years. I remember CMT in Europe just two years ago we had the same phenomenon of some large program getting to a close. And so what it is you need to do and now people are working very hard you need to replenish the pipeline to build the backlog and that is going to create the revenues of tomorrow. So our people are working on it, we have encouraging signals that indeed the pipeline in financial services in Europe is building up. We certainly believe that it’s going to take couple of quarters to show in our growth, so we expect the H1 to still be in the low single digit and then H2 to get back more power with the rest of Accenture. So I do not think anything un-typical are coming from anything happening to this industry.
Pierre Nanterme: I cannot take on this one because I think David mentioned already some element of this. From an Accenture standpoint, we’re pleased with where we are and no doubt we are entering Q1 with good momentum. Now for us Q1 is the end of the calendar 2018. So we’re moving to a new calendar January the 1st, so to be very specific it’s not something we see now. But the role of the leadership of any company is to look beyond the horizon and to understand what might happen in calendar 2019. And just to build on what David mentioned for instance I mean the Brexit negotiation going to get to end and we’ll know what’s going to happen and its seems we more moving to something like a hard Brexit than a soft one. What we’re calling the trade war again not signaled as we speak to you now that there is an effect but this trade war might impact some industries moving forward and by impacting these industries there could be a ripple effect on our business. We are watching as well very closely Latin America. Latin America, we've been doing well despite the complexities in that region, you’ll see what we're doing in Brazil which is absolutely great. Now Latin America prospects are concerning as well, and not to mention the other risk we all know you’re starting to see again some volatility in the commodity pricing. Not too long ago we talk about the oil price at $30 a barrel and now it’s getting to be very, very high. We are about to see some commodity pricing volatility again all of these we will see in calendar 2019, how things going to unfold. So that is the answer, nothing now but our job is to consider and to risk adjusting our guidance accordingly. Now that being said, what David said is absolutely true five to eight is an aggressive guidance if you look at the growth of the basket of competitor and the market. So it’s at 8% that would be two to three times the market. I would not consider that as conservative.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and maybe just to add on this, I mean, to attract and retain people, it's not always about the money. And it's interesting when you're driving analysis and surveys, the number one wish of the people working at that center is interesting work that is number one, the second is all the working environments and the balance and three the comp. So at the end of the day, the point is not about giving more money or to be the one who could have paid the most, it’s going to be the company is going to provide the most interesting work for our people and this is what we do with our rotation to "the New" and working with our diamond clients. Second, creating the right working environments I mentioned that already and indeed competitive compensation, so it's a mix of things you need to work on.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, we could be even clearer because you mentioned the 20% as [zero], I think all of them are growing more than 20%, to be very clear.
Pierre Nanterme: Excellent analysis indeed. The core is declining less than in the prior year, so you made exactly the right analysis and calculation. But the rationale behind is we worked hard to not to protect the call but to make the call more competitive. So it was not like if our strategy was we’re going to put all our investment behind "the New" and let the core decline or becoming uncompetitive which would have been extremely bad. So we invested as well in the core in the form if I have to summarize of massive robotic and automation and modernization of what we are providing in term of - for instance application outsourcing or other activities you would put into core where indeed we have reached a level of automation which is extremely high and accordingly we have been able to protect the margin of the core and limit the erosion. So, you're absolutely right, but it's more because we worked on it for robotic automation and modernization.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Now we have a kind of routine we established at Accenture, which is moving from the first and this is a role of R&D specially Paul Daugherty, an Accenture Research, is to understand what's coming. And clearly as you know we're spending $700 million in R&D at Accenture. And their job is to intensify to next ways and putting them in incubation in what we call strategic growth initiatives. So we incubate. This is what we did for the other businesses. We're starting to test business models. And when we get into a level of maturity, and we see the opportunity to scale and create an impact with client then we industrialize and move to the big business of Accenture. So we learn about this process of incubation to industrialization. Second, it's all about talent and leadership. And this is where we have the combination between acquisition and organic growth. So indeed we are making acquisition and I mentioned in the call, for instance, the three acquisitions we made in Industry X.0 this very quarter. To attract the skills, so companies of mid - small to mid-size that having deep skill especially in Industry X.0 on embedded software and product design where we are investing a lot. So we know now how to combine and of course all of this supported, I could see Amy Fuller next to me, our Chief Marketing Officer with good communication campaign we putting behind. So we have developed a savoir-faire in term of incubation - detection, incubation, industrialization and launching the campaign behind with a good mix of organic and inorganic behind. So its quite well oiled, if you will as a machine.
Pierre Nanterme: On this, I mean, we are - we continue to hire on onshore large markets especially in the context of our rotation to "the New", our largest markets are as you know, U.S., U.K., a lot in Germany, Japan if I had to mention maybe - maybe three countries I would certainly mention the U.S., Germany and Japan where we are recruiting a lot. But it’s true as well in our other metro markets U.K., France, Italy, Spain. So onshore deep skills probably more around high-value consulting in the context of "the New" and in the context of driving our largest relationship with clients especially with our Diamond clients, and we continue to hire significantly on - let's call at the offshore especially in India. And thank you for giving me the opportunity not to polarize that now that we'd e all about onshore and offshore would be called legacy. It's not true at all. Not true at all. And everybody would visit Accenture in India would be blown away by the quality of the people and their rotation to "the New". We had an event last year in term of R&D and innovation where some of our, I'm not going to mention the name, but some of our largest brand and clients from the U.S. being moving there for less than an hour to support that team who've been working on truly innovative session and brainstorming. So, we continue to invest onshore and offshore, drive the right balance and having the right skills. And this is exactly why, to your second question, is there scarcity in the pool? We don't believe. We operate in many markets. And in many markets we find the right people including business scientists. I think we have more than 2000 business scientists at Accenture, growing, and we could find these people all around the world. Again to your prior question, Accenture today is very attractive. Good for us. So we need to take our chance. And while we are attractive based on our results and positioning, we have no issue in finding the right people.
Pierre Nanterme: So, thanks a lot for listening and joining us on today's call. As you might have guessed, we are and I'm extremely pleased with our strong finish and excellent performance for the first fiscal year 2018. No doubt we have a strong momentum on during fiscal year 2019 and with our leading position in "the New" the significance investments we are making and the disciplined management of the business, I'm very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and delivering value for all our stakeholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any question please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best to everybody.
David Rowland: I would say I mean first of all there is no doubt that we have strong momentum in the business and there is also no doubt that we feel very good about our business and the momentum that we have. And you could point to as you mentioned the fact that we exited 2018 with very strong broad based organic growth by the way our organic growth in quarter four was 10%. We had record bookings in the second half of the year. We had our all-time high in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter it was second only to quarter three. And we got good line of sight to 1.5% in organic and so there is a lot of things for us to feel positive about and we do to be clear. At the same time, you also have to reflect on the fact as we do that this is the point in time where we are providing guidance over the longer cycle. And so that comes in to the mix by the very nature of the fact that we’re guiding over essentially 12 months. And also we take stock of what’s happening in the macro environment as well and may be its debatable but I would say from our standpoint and perhaps this year the macro environment is incrementally more volatile than it was last year at the same point in time. You think about the potential for a hard Brexit. And of course you can reflect on all of the disputes around global trade and so we think about the global environment over that 12 month horizon. And it’s really in that context that we guide to 5% to 8% and the other thing Tien-tsin I would remind you and the others of is that we guide to 5% to 8% in a market our investable basket market that is growing in the range of 2% to 3%. And so anywhere on that guidance range of 5% to 8% we would be taking significant share and if you think about the upper end of the range which is where we always strive for then at 8% we would be growing more than 2.5 times the market. And so 5% to 8% which is consistent with what we’ve done the last three years is in fact reflective of what we would consider be outstanding growth especially in the upper end of that range reflective of the Accenture as a leader. Anything we do above that is exceptional growth and it is true that we had a pattern over the last four years for delivering double-digit growth and we’ll see how 2019 plays out and we’ll update our guidance appropriately as the year progresses.
David Rowland: I mean there's no special lumpy items that’s - again we focus more on the absolute number in relation to net income and that ratio which is the guidance is actually quite strong in that regard then we do the year-over-year change. I mean we had beyond an outstanding year in DSOs in 2018, we really had an exceptional year and from a guidance standpoint, you're not going to assume that happens every year and so for example Rod we have allowed for the potential of some increase in DSOs as an example. But there is not anything other than the normal things that we would kind of factor in that’s in the mix. Again we would be very pleased to land a free cash flow in the range of 1.1 to 1.2 times net income.
David Rowland: Yes, I mean it’s - I will make a couple of comment and Pierre may add as well. I mean first of all it’s with the size of our workforce and the diversity of skills and geographies et cetera, it's really hard to talk about wage questions in aggregate and for that reason we typically stay away from them. But let me just generically say that, I mean certainly when you look at the high growth areas of the market especially the leading edge areas of the market, there are in many cases premium salaries that go with premium skills and we hire a lot of those people and we always - we pay the market rate. On the other hand, we do get differentiated pricing in digital and that's the point is that we're not, we want to pay at a market relevant rate to retain people kind of fit for purpose for the skill set that we're talking about but what we focus on is whether or not we can get the right bill rates and ultimately yield the profitability off of those resources and so in that regard, there's not anything that we're concerned about, we as I said earlier we're always focused on driving our contract profitability upward which ultimately means that we have to get the right pricing in relation to what we're paying people and we feel positive about that.
David Rowland: I’ll make a couple of comments in terms of just some facts and Pierre may add some color as well. I mean the - first of all our growth in "the New" was strong double-digits and that has continued and when we say strong double-digits as we've said before, we mean very strong double-digits. So let's say well north of 20% is the growth rate that we see in "the New". And when you look at the components of "the New", we also see strong double-digit growth across every component, so when you look at digital and the three components of digital, Accenture Interactive, Accenture Applied Intelligence and Industry X, when you look at our cloud related services and when you look at security, all of those businesses are contributing with strong double-digit growth to the overall numbers that we very often talk about with respect to "the New". These are very attractive markets, we are - and strengthening our leadership position in each and we're benefiting from the growth that goes with it.
David Rowland: I would say, no. I don't think we have any evidence that there's been a pull forward of spending for those reasons. No.
