David P. Rowland: Yes. If you just -- in terms of time to the overall range that we gave, we think consulting could be flat to low single digit positive. We are encouraged by the bookings that we saw in the first quarter. We're also encouraged by the pipeline that we see going forward in our business but in the second quarter, flat to low single digit positive. And we see the potential for building momentum in consulting as we go through the year.
David P. Rowland: Yes. The headcount, frankly, just reflects -- we're 90 days further into the year. We're that much further with our supply-demand management, our recruiting, planning. We certainly have the visibility of the bookings that we just had in quarter 1. So it really just reflects we're further up the curve, if you will, within the year in terms of our supply-demand management. So that's why we increased the number to at least 60,000 to give you the best possible view of how we see it at this point in time. The SI bookings, I did anchor to the sequential growth, really, to -- because I was trying to give you an indication of current momentum. I actually don't have the number in front of me, but I believe the year-over-year growth in SI was healthy as well.
David P. Rowland: Yes, I don't know so much, Tien-tsin, about the timing point. As much as it is, I think last quarter, I mentioned that we felt good about our consulting pipeline, but it was a little bit less mature. And what we had in the first quarter was we were just very successful moving deals at pace through the pipeline and getting work contracted. But it does -- it was broad-based improvement when you look across the 3 components of consulting that we talked about. We were particularly pleased with the consulting activity -- bookings activity in North America, but within North America, we saw good activity across most of our industry segments. And so it was fairly broad based in that sense, both in terms of the type of consulting work that we do, as well as the North America where we saw the strength across many of our industry segments.
David P. Rowland: Yes. I don't know that I could characterize a common theme if you look to the bookings. It's the mix as you would expect. I think it crosses the platform of services that we provide. Certainly, you -- we also have in there situations where we have application maintenance type contracts where we are also doing development work, new development work within those longer-term contracts that would be in the mix as well. And certainly, digital would be a component of that as well as we continue to be very encouraged by the activity that we see in the digital space and how our capabilities are lining up against those opportunities with our clients.
David P. Rowland: Yes, there's -- I mean, there are several things that we look at. First of all, as you said, the strong bookings in the first quarter give us a great foundation to build on as we move forward. The second thing is that we do feel very good about our pipeline and how it is shaped up during the quarter even with the very high bookings we had. And we see the opportunity for another good bookings quarter in the second quarter. But beyond that, there's really 3 things that I think I would point to that give us confidence in building growth. The first is that you've heard us talk quite a bit over the last several quarters about our success in selling large-scale transformation programs. We've been very transparent with those numbers each quarter. For example, this quarter, I said we had 13 deals over $100 million. Well, we can now see specific instances, specific contracts where those contracts are building to generate meaningful sources of incremental revenue as we turn the page to the second half of the year. So one element of our confidence ties to the uptick in those large transformation programs starting to impact revenue. The second thing is the investments that you've heard us talk about in creating these new business services, these end-to-end solutions from consulting to BPO such as Accenture post-trade services where we announced the pilot deal, I think it would have been in the fourth quarter of last year. I think I specifically commented at a point that the interesting thing about that opportunity, one of the interesting things was that the revenue ramp occurred after we had been in the program for several months. And so that's another example where some of these new business services, we believe, will start to drive incremental revenue as we turn the page to the second half of the year. And then of course, the third thing would be the investments that we have made in acquisitions as an engine for organic growth. And so Procurian is the one that is the most noteworthy that we closed earlier this month. And so if you look at how -- take Procurian as an example and as we fold that into our Accenture BPO business and we look at the revenue accretion that we'll get from that, that is our third source of confidence as we look at the back half of the year. And so we look at those things in combination, and that, again, gives us reason to be optimistic in terms of our revenue trajectory as we move past the second quarter into the back half. Hopefully, that's helpful.
David P. Rowland: Rod, thanks for the question. The upper end of our range is 4%. If you were to take it out a decimal, maybe a 4 point x percent growth. And so the upper end of the range does show momentum over the 3% that we just delivered this quarter. And of course, our range is established to reflect the possibilities of what could happen in the quarter, but we work very hard to try to drive the business as high in the range as we possibly can. There are a number of things about the second quarter that are just structural aspects of the second quarter. You have holidays in there around the world, including the New Year holiday. You do have the page turn to the calendar year, which you alluded to, and we don't have any particular concerns about client budgets based on what we see now. We don't have any evidence that client budgets would be under pressure per se. But we have seen years where even if the client budgets are expanding in a year, you can have some slower ramp-up in certain instances. We've seen that in the month of January. And so the second quarter is always a more tricky quarter to predict revenue momentum. And so I think the guidance reflects some of that as well. But again, the guidance that we provided is consistent with how we really saw the year building up in the first half of the year, and it's pretty much as we expected and very much in line when we communicated our original guidance 90 days ago.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Rod, what I would tell you is that 90 days ago on the earnings call, as well as I -- we said that our inorganic contribution would be around 1%, plus or minus. Since then, we've closed Procurian, and so I would tell you that the inorganic would be -- may be a tad higher for the year in the plus or minus 1.5% range, and that reflects Procurian and some of the deals -- other deals that we've closed. That will vary quarter-to-quarter. And I really -- I'm cautious about getting too much in the weeds on the inorganic each and every quarter because, again, you have to remember, in our case, the inorganic is really just an engine for organic growth. We fold these businesses in a very quickly, and they, in many ways, become indistinguishable from our organic business in a very short period of time. So let me just stick with, for the full year, it's going to be in that 1.5% range, and that will vary by quarter.
David P. Rowland: Well, certainly, it depends on to the extent we do other deals as we progress through the year that are outside of what we assume in that 1.5%. But that 1.5%, plus or minus, right, is the ballpark that we think it's in. I'll remind you as well not to get too much in the weeds on this, but I will remind you of something that I've shared at IA Day. The way we think about inorganic is we look at deals that we have done on a rolling 4-quarter basis. So that is the way we will describe inorganic. That's the way we do the calculation. And again, we do that logically because when we get to the 1-year anniversary on these deals, they are very much embedded in our core -- in our organic business.
David P. Rowland: Yes, in the case of communications, we have talked, Darrin, several times about the ongoing transformation of the communications sector. We've talked about the challenges of some of the incumbent telcos as their business evolves. And then we've also talked about the headwind we had with the large CMT client in Europe. That headwind will essentially go away in the second half of this year. There is some residual headwind that we continue to have in the first and second quarter of this year. Frankly, as it turned out, not too different than many of the quarters last year. But once we get past the second quarter, I can say definitively that that year-over-year compare dynamic goes away for CMT. So that is still in the mix of CMT's results this quarter and will be in the mix next quarter. In the case of resources, we've also talked -- that was a business that, for many, many quarters, for an extended period enjoyed very strong growth, and it was driven by a very strong consulting business in particular. And we had several of those contracts that wound down as we turned the page from fiscal '12 to '13, and that was right about the same time that natural resources, as a sector, came under significant pressure, including in several markets around the world, Brazil being one. And so -- but with resources, we've done a very, very nice job kind of repositioning the business, moving into new business services areas, new assets offerings, kind of focusing on the new world around digital, et cetera, and we feel very good about the momentum that's building there.
David P. Rowland: Well, we had -- we did see some expansion in our headcount in some of our larger, more established geographies. I think, the United States in particular, we saw growth in headcount, and that simply reflects what we're doing on the supply side to have the skills that we need to match the type of work that we're doing as we go forward. In terms of the balance between GDN and non-GDN, I think that continues to -- that will continue to evolve and be fluid. And ultimately, the market will dictate what that mix is. But you are correct in pointing out that we did have growth in our non-GDN headcount.
David P. Rowland: Well, Sara, as you know, bookings can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, so I'll just remind you of that. But I'll also say that bookings is like every other metric. We're working as hard as we can to be as far up in the range as we can. And we don't -- there's -- I mean, we just finished one quarter, right? And so we -- as much as we see some reason to be encouraged after one quarter, I don't -- I guess, I don't remember a fiscal year where we've changed annual guidance after a quarter. And all the possibilities and scenarios that we evaluated when we started the year are still in play.
David P. Rowland: Yes, we had -- we see some potential for further moderation in H&PS in the second quarter, which I said in the prepared comments. But to be clear, we feel very good about our H&PS business, and we think we're very well positioned as we then progress through the rest of the year. On resources, we do think that resources will be positive this year. And as I commented earlier, we see good momentum in certain parts of the resources business to give us reason to believe that. So we are pleased with the progress. There's still work to do in resources, but we do think that we'll be positive for year.
David P. Rowland: Jason, it was a noble attempt, but I'm not going to color within the range after just one quarter of results. We set the range to represent the range of possibilities that we see. And if we didn't think that there was a possibility of being in the upper half of the range, we would have narrowed the range. And so as we progress through the year, we'll get more specific, and the second quarter will be important in terms of how that plays out.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, I will take this one and I mean, provide a context of this question, especially around ERP. And let's start with the question around ERP. I mean, first, ERP remains an important part of our business, and it's still an important part of the bookings David alluded to. We are still selling, implementing ERP. And by ERP, I mean mainly finance and accounting application solution, human resources application solution and supply chain application solution. I think this is definition given to the core ERP business. As you know, there've been very significant ERP program 2 or 3 years ago where all the giants been investing and creating their backbone solution to organize their operations, especially on a global basis. These last couple of years, there have been a cycle of lower growth in ERP, but it's still a good business for Accenture. That being said, the vast majority of what we do at Accenture is not falling in that category of application packages, if you will, around finance and accounting, HR and supply chain. We have a much more diverse portfolio of business. David is mentioning digital, where we're enjoying double-digit growth in that category of our business. I'm thinking, of course, about the BPO. I'm thinking about all the -- which is not system integration, of course, about digital. I'm thinking about all the custom solution we're still developing with some clients. And as you know, there are industries out there which are not so much ERP heavy but more custom-made heavy. I'm thinking about financial services. If you take banking and insurance, the core banking system and the core insurance system are still more custom made or packaged but are not ERP per se in the definition of ERP. If you take communication, media and technology, all what we're calling the OSS, the BSS, the system, the billing system, the customer systems are not ERP related in the strict sense of the definition, and we're doing a lot of this as well. So ERP, important at Accenture but not at all the vast majority of what we do. So we are not that dependent on ERP as you might imagine.
Pierre Nanterme: As you said -- this is Pierre -- it's a modest deceleration for that quarter. I mean, personally, I continue to be externally pleased with our activity in the U.S. U.S. is very important. So we were double digit. I guess, last time, we announced something around 10, even when we said double digit, kind of 10. So high single digits is in the grand scheme of being close enough to where we are expecting to be. For us, what is very important is we grew more than the market. And I guess that this is what is happening in the U.S. as well. We continue to gain market share. And this quarter, it's high single digit, but I have absolutely no concerns that we continue to develop very well in the U.S. It's interesting to see that U.S. performed very well, both consulting and in outsourcing. So it was a very balanced growth across the different dimension of our business.
Pierre Nanterme: If you look at -- I mean, China, what happened last year, indeed, you have the change in the government. It was in the first half of the -- of 2013 if I remember well. And it's very typical when you're in China that indeed not only the government is changing but all the leaders in the state-owned enterprise, the famous SOEs, are all changing as well. And inevitably, it's creating a kind of pose in China around the major investments scene, if you will, until the new teams and the new leaders will establish themselves with the program and relaunch projects. So again, very pleased with what we delivered this last years in China. Indeed, a couple of -- a form of pose due to this leadership changing in China. But again, on the long term, we continue to be extremely positive with the prospect in China.
Pierre Nanterme: I guess it's for me, David, here, the specialist of Europe. I guess, we might start to see the light at the end of the tunnel in Europe. So let me explain. I mean, first, the macro in Europe are not -- I mean, fundamentally better. So I would characterize it's stable, which is probably an improvement compared of all the uncertainties Europe faced these last probably couple of years. Second, you can, indeed, see some signs, to paraphrase David, of positive improvement. I'm thinking about the U.K. You can see the U.K. economy coming back. I'm thinking about France slowly getting out of the recession. I'm thinking about even Spain starting to rebuild competitiveness and better position. We know that all of this is going to be incredibly slow for also a couple of reasons. So there are not going to be any dramatic improvement, but we have some sign of stabilization, plus. And I'm pleased to see that it's starting to reflect in the progress we are making with some of our large markets in Europe. And I mentioned Germany. I mentioned France. I've mentioned the Netherlands, and I've mentioned Belgium, to mention a few, which are doing very well despite economic environments. Still complex, but I would characterize a slight incremental progress but progress.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, this is -- as you know, we're launching Accenture Digital, and we're going to think on how we would provide more information in due course when we will have, finally, cleaning all the data, all the information in Accenture. We want to be extremely accurate and to define a very strict protocol in the way we communicate the information, so you have a base to measure and a base to evaluate the progress. But indeed, you remember very well that many cross the billion when we announced. So without saying too much, it's a multi-billion-dollar business we're talking about.
Pierre Nanterme: Let me talk to you about the business. I can't explain my instinct. But looking at industry, and I were commenting more specifically [ph], we are covering it with just looking 19 industry segments in Accenture. This is the way we are measuring our different industries, such as banking, capital market, insurance, that -- all that industry segments. 17 out of 19 posted positive growth. And just to give you a flavor first of the depth and breadth of the portfolio of business we're doing, the diversity of what we do across the board, 17 out of 19 in Q1, positive growth. With a few, I'm thinking about life science, health, energy, EHT, electronic and high tech, capital market, high single digit, if not, double digit for some. Now fact of the matter is and you spotted this one, too, on the 19, yet, I have to turn the corner, communications and natural resources. But David will explain.
Pierre Nanterme: And I think it's reflecting as well the nature of the services of the businesses we are investing in. And I'm thinking about the Digital. If you look at this Digital business, at least as a starter, it is more onshore driven than offshore driven. I think all the time, before we're going to follow the same path, as we've seen historically from onshore to offshore, that the skills required to be competitive in Analytics, in Mobility, in Digital Marketing are still more onshore, which might as well reflect this take-up if you will.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely. It's -- I mean, the nature and the construct of the booking by region supporting the fact that Europe should accelerate in the second part of the year.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, it is. What we're putting in it, you would find Accenture Interactive, which is the organization dedicated to end-to-end digital marketing capabilities. We are adding Accenture Mobility, which is all about developing, implementing and potentially running mobile solutions. And three, it's Accenture Analytics, which is all about, I mean, mining and doing all the analytic information, including the most advanced analytic and predictive analytics. So it's all the 3 from design to implementation, including the run. That's why we have 23,000 people because, of course, part of our people in the current GDN, Global Delivery Network, are providing the services as well for the execution.
Pierre Nanterme: No, we believe -- I mean, first, indeed, there is, for all sorts of competitiveness reason, appetite for the -- our clients in Europe to leverage more outsourcing fueled by offshore. That's a fact. This trend started more, as you know, in the U.K., in the Nordic countries, and now it's going south in more Continental Europe and touching France, and Netherlands and other markets. That's our point of view [ph] . Again, so it's yes, this one is there. It's playing, we believe, in our favor. A few data points on this is, first, our outsourcing business in Europe is developing very well. If you look these last couple of years, outsourcing been doing -- has been our strong growth point in Europe. And from a cost standpoint, we believe that with our network of delivery centers and with our GDN, we have, indeed, the right cost response -- cost-effective response to this market as we invested earlier in the GDN, if I may say, compared to more local players. All right. It's probably time now to wrap up. And thanks again for joining us on today's call. With the first quarter behind us and looking at how the business is shaping up for the rest of the year, I feel confident that we have made the right choices, that we are making the right investments and that we are moving at the right pace to capture new waves of growth and position Accenture for the future. Of course, I want to take this opportunity to wish all of you, our investors, analysts and of course, our Accenture people who are listening to the call a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. Happy holiday season, and all the best.
