KC McClure: Okay. Thanks Ashwin. Let me just cover a lot of the questions there. You have booking, so maybe I will first start with as I mentioned bookings really were in the range that we expected and they were quite well balanced. And we'd like that they are about 65% in the New. So just as a reminder, that's well for covering up so long bookings can be lumpy by quarter. So you see that in our results this year where we had really strong bookings record bookings in Q2. But there are historical patterns, we've always had some lumpiness and variability quarter-to-quarter of bookings. So as it relates to what we're seeing, the second half is really playing out largely as expected. We'd like our position where we are year-to-date. It really is where we anticipated that we would be at this time of the year. And so they're looking forward and talking about your visibility question. Now based on the strength of our pipeline and the visibility that we do have, we do see strong bookings in Q4. There's not really an element of the new impact of visibility, we like that we have the majority of our bookings in the New. And we feel that we're really well positioned based on where we are to-date with what we can see for Q4 bookings to be well positioned for next year. And I think that really just points to as you were talking about our offerings, the relevance of our offerings and our capabilities in the marketplace.
KC McClure: So as you said, we were also pleased with the up tick in financial services that we saw this quarter and that did come in as expected. And I did note, I will say again that we were particularly pleased with our strong growth in North America and the continued double-digit growth that we have in the growth markets. And while Europe did contract, it is -- we did see improvement in banking capital markets and as it relates to what we think for the rest of the year, we still see the second half of the year in financial services being stronger than the first half of the year which is what we had anticipated. And you see the first part of that happening in Q3.
KC McClure: Yes. Hi, Tien-tsin. As you know, we really do run our business first of all to operating margin. So that's really how we manage the business. And the first thing that we do look at -- within gross margin is, how contract profitability is performing. And overall for both the quarter and for the year, we're happy with our improvement in contract profitability. And that really just all starts with pricing, right. So as we have more and more of our work in the new and in areas where we see strong demand and where we have highly differentiated skills, we do see that we're able to price at a better rate than in other areas. So you'll see that that is part of what's driving our gross margin which is in fact a part -- a big part of driving operating margin. It's also important to note that even within gross margin, we do have our investments and that's really key for what we're doing. So again that's why we run our business operating margin but from quarter-to-quarter, we are also absorbing investments in our people, in our business, in our gross margin as well.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks Bryan. So, overall as you mentioned, we do feel good about our business in strategy and consulting. And we do feel good about mid-single-digit growth. And we did have very solid bookings this quarter as well. And as you mentioned the growth will ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter. And really as we look at our strategy and consulting business just a reminder that there's really kind of a dual purpose of what we're trying to accomplish there. First of all is just a main objective of the role of delivering strategy and consulting work to our clients. But then also, it's really to bring as you know the full scope of our end-to-end services. A lot of the overall transformation work and any of the larger scale deals in the pipeline that we may have also led by and brought by our strategy and consulting business. So in that context as we stated before, we see strategy and combined, if it's in the mid, the high single digits and that will ebb and flow by quarter, we think that's [indiscernible] for us.
KC McClure: Yes. Maybe I'll just give some of that financial data and David can talk a little bit more on that. So overall for this fiscal year, we think that we will probably spend based on where we are today very closer to $1.3 billion in acquisitions -- for acquisitions. And overall for this year than we believe based on what we've seen in the pipeline that we have in front of us and the deals we've already closed. We think the revenue for the inorganic revenue contribution this year will be closer to 2% probably closer to 1.5% that we had previously mentioned.
KC McClure: Yes. So it is an 18%. It's in the range that we have been before. At least that's the overall 18% it's not something that we're concerned about. But I would like to say that within that if I peel back a little bit, I do feel really good and we feel really good about the strong retention rates that we have in the areas that David just talked about a lot of the strategic high growth areas of our business including strategy and consulting as well as many other components of the New. And maybe just to close out as a reminder, we really have no issues getting the talent that we need. We are really quite a magnet for talent based on the strategy that we have. Our financial performance is attractive and overall our talent strategy and the experience that we provide to our people the right workplace and our culture, our strategy, it's really an environment where innovation is at the heart of everything that we do and that's very attractive to many people in the workplace.
KC McClure: Hey Dave. I would say that, I wouldn't characterize our book -- our guidance range is any different in terms of our practice. I mean as you know for the 5% to 8% from Q4, we always tend to aim -- we aim towards the upper end of that range. That's no different than what we have historically done and what we always try to do. And there's not really any difference within because the bookings in Q3 or what we see in Q4, I think it's pretty much our standard way of looking at the quarter and getting the right balance that we believe the revenue expectations we would want to set with all of you.
KC McClure: Hi, Ed. We won't provide any FY'20 guidance including FX until we get the full FY'20 guidance that we typically do at the end of our fourth quarter.
KC McClure: I will give you a little bit of color and how we see that playing out in FY'19. So for the fourth quarter, we've been consulting and outsourcing both are going to be about mid to high single digits growth and that would put for the full year both consulting and outsourcing at a high single digit growth range.
KC McClure: Jamie, thanks for that question because that provides a good opportunity to make sure that we're clear with the use of the word platform maybe so. Platforms that David was talking about that we talk about quite a bit, they are pervasive in all parts of our business all operating groups, all geographies, in all parts of our business dimension. So that's what we talk about when we discuss platforms.
KC McClure: Right. So that's all five of those, and that is pervasive everywhere. When I commented specifically Jamie on CMT; CMT has three industry groups that make up the operating group of CMT. One of which is called software and platforms. So I know that, it’s the use of the platforms name twice, but that's why I specifically called that out within CMT. But most importantly the IPF that David talked about the five platforms that we quantify in IPF, intelligence platform services are pervasive everywhere.
KC McClure: Yes. It's pretty much all the above. I mean mainly I'm focusing on -- in absolute terms, but it would generally be all the above.
KC McClure: Thanks for the question Bryan. We're really focused as I mentioned before on pricing. So we're always focused on pricing and I talked about this a little bit last quarter. That's nothing new, but we continue to really be taking a look at our business in terms of getting the right value for the offerings that we're bringing and pricing out the right way in the marketplace. The benefit, first us, would also as well as make sure that we're doing the right arrangements for our clients. So I think that's really what I would say is the difference that is yielding probably most of the power within our margins is what we're able to do in pricing.
David Rowland: Yes. Tien-tsin let me just jump in because you remember, some may remember this became a little bit of an -- maybe even an unnecessary distraction in quarter one. And just to make sure that maybe we're even more clear on our messaging. So let me just say that we're very, very pleased with the demand environment. So let's be clear on that. That's reflected in our revenue growth year-to-date that's reflected in the revenue growth that we see in the New is reflected. And what we feel is a very strong pipeline position as we closed out the third quarter and that's reflected in our statement and our confidence that we will have strong bookings in the fourth quarter. So to be clear, we're not concerned about bookings, bookings do vary by quarter. Very often it can be influenced by the timing of when the large deals closed and in the scheme of our big business that we have deals that close in the month of June let's say as opposed to a few weeks early in the month of May. Obviously, that didn't make any difference in the health of our business and what we see from a demand standpoint. So, we're very encouraged by the demand environment. And as KC said the bookings aren't lumpy as they have always been in our business. And I would focus more on the confidence that we have in the fourth quarter than I would, the fact that quarter three was at $10.6 billion.
David Rowland: And again, I would say just in terms of how to think about this going forward, our inorganic strategy or our acquisition strategy as we've said through the years really using inorganic as an engine for organic growth that continues to be a focus area for us and that will -- that is a strategic objective will -- is really unchanged as we look forward. And really if you look at what we've done year-to-date it's -- I'm really pleased with how we've executed that. I think over about 80% of what we've done is focused on the New we've done of course several deals and interactive as I called out, but we've also done deals in both Industry X.0 and applied intelligence. We've also done several deals and Accenture Technology in both our intelligence platform services where we were strengthening our skills and differentiation in a few of the platforms. And then, we've also done deals to acquire high-end software engineering capabilities again in our intelligence software engineering services. And then to round out as will always be the case we have a handful of bills in the mix that are verticals specific and it's interesting and just as an illustration of the importance to banking and capital markets does over the long haul is an important industry. We've made several investments in banking during this period of time. So this will be an important part of our strategy and you should really expect more of the same as we look forward.
David Rowland: So, first of all from a business trend standpoint we have -- we really haven't seen a change in the pattern at all. If you were to even -- if you just took the information that we provide you could extrapolate that the 35% is declining, let's say in the single digit range and that's a pattern that we've seen now for some time. And so to be clear all of our growth and this is by design comes from our rotation to the new and the success that we've had in driving those services. In many ways, we are in some instances -- we're actually accelerating that because we are in the interests of our clients, for example, we're taking some legacy services, I think legacy application maintenance type services and we are introducing new technology to do that work in a more innovative way. And in doing so, you see those legacy services an application maintenance as an example decline, but that is by design. You might say we're cannibalizing ourselves which is in support of our strategy, but we also do it in delivering value to our clients. The other thing that you have in the New and this is not to say that this is not a comment on market demand, but you do have a lot of -- let's say more traditional classic consulting services would be in the New and while there's still demand for some of those classic consulting services where our real opportunity is and where we're really focusing on our skills capabilities and serving our clients is the strategy and consulting service tied to work that we do in the New. And so the classic services have less focus therefore less growth because we're doing everything rotated to the New. So hopefully that, really the bottom line is, we really haven't seen any change in the dynamic of the growth rate in the non-new versus the growth in the New. And it's really happening exactly as we intent for our strategy.
David Rowland: I don't think there's anything changed. I mean I think you're going to see as we continue to talk about the New in the quarters ahead, I think you're going to see the same type trend line in terms of what it -- how it increases as a percentage of our revenue. So, I think as we get to the fourth quarter where we typically round the number that we quote externally inside, I think you'll see the typical pattern continue to evolve.
David Rowland: No. We have talked about that before and at the level that I guess is appropriate for us to talk about in this forum, I will say again that certainly we believe that non-linear growth over time will be more in the mix. You are right that that platform based solutions bringing IP to the table solution aids et cetera which I referenced several in my script are increasingly a bigger part of the services industry and increasingly a bigger part of our differentiation. And so, over time, we will be focused even more. And I'm sure we'll become even better at capturing the value of the IP and the solution aids et cetera that we bring to our clients to deliver services and to deliver value to our clients. The pace at which it happens is harder to predict. We're quite comfortable as we look forward in terms of our ability to manage the SaaS talent organization we have. And as we looked out as you would expect we do over a multiyear horizon there's not anything about the progression of our headcount that that concerns us in terms of executing our business strategy. So non-linear growth that I think will be more in the mix in the industry and I would expect Accenture would lead the way, but the timing and the slope of the curve I think is still yet to be defined and we'll see how that plays out.
David Rowland: As we've said before, we are very rigorous in tracking our return on our investment for our acquisitions. As a management team we do it very rigorously and we actually review that with the Finance Committee and the Board every quarter. And so, it is a big focus and as I said before we are really pleased with the performance of our portfolio and really have been for the last several years as we really started to ramp up our game in this area. As it relates to valuations in certain areas of the market which well valuations have gotten pretty frothy and we consider that as we do the analysis of [barb] [ph] versus build. We're not going to be -- we will never be irrational and in overpaying for an asset in the market. But on the other hand, if we also look at things through a strategic lens and we understand that if something has significant strategic value and there's a scarcity of the skill in the marketplace then we make the judgment about paying a little bit more in those instances and there's been instances where we've done that. So as you would expect of us Rod, we are extremely thoughtful. There are areas like applied intelligence. In the analytic space for example where the valuations are super high, Industry X and in some areas there the valuations are super high. And so, we navigate that within our financial objectives. Again, we have a willingness where it is the right strategic play, but by and large we focus on valuation because we're very return focused in the way we execute our strategy.
David Rowland: I don't think we can communicate that externally. And I don't think I want to do that on this particular call, but we take that point and we have anticipated that we will start to introduce some quantitative numbers behind those parts of our business. But right now it's a little bit premature to do that. But expect that we will do that as we move forward.
David Rowland: And by the way again in that case when we talk about the platforms, it's the work that we do around SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday and we refer to that as our intelligent platform services business that's the work we do around those platform in that context.
David Rowland: Yes. The last time we saw, it was for FY'18 and it was $8.5 billion. And when you look at this business, this year it has continued to grow strong double-digit growth. And if I pair it the way peer would have said it, I mean very strong double digit growth. So you can think of it as -- is not in the teens but higher than that. And that growth continues. And of course within that as important as the acquisitions are and how we've executed our growth strategy in the context of 8.5 plus billion dollar business the vast, vast, vast majority of that growth of course is organic. And so it is fundamentally an organic driven business where we have used the strategic acquisitions, it's really an igniter if you will of the organic growth and which ultimately led to the scale of 8.5 plus billion dollars.
David Rowland: I mean it is central to our strategy. We're super excited about the potential and Industry X. We've said that many times before, it is relative to Accenture Interactive which still has a big growth proposition in front of it. X is lower on the maturity curve if you will. And so there's a lot of runway in front of Industry X.0. In many ways it's still relatively immature. But we are working hard to be positioned right at the heart of that wave. And we've and -- we're well positioned now to be a leader in that way. So we're very focused on it. It is a top short list strategic objective and we're excited about the market potential.
David Rowland: Okay. So, thanks again for joining us on today's call. And as you can tell we feel very good about where we are and confident in our ability to finish the year strong. With our highly differentiated capabilities, continued investments across Accenture and disciplined execution of our growth strategy, we're very well-positioned to continue delivering profitable growth and significant value to all of our stakeholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime if you have any questions as always please feel free to call Angie and her team and I hope all of you have a great day. Thanks.
