Bill Green: Thank you Richard and thanks everybody for joining us today. We continue to drive our business with discipline this quarter, but also with an either the future. This enabled us to deliver strong profitability and solid cash flow for the quarter, well at the same time positioning us to ride the wave of economic recovery. More than ever we remain keenly focused on our clients and their needs and on generating real value for them and for our shareholders. Here are a few highlights for the quarter. Revenues were $5.4 billion within our expected range of $5.3 to $5.5 billion. We achieved very solid operating margin of 13.9%. Earnings per share were $0.67; new bookings were $5.5 billion with particularly strong consulting bookings of $3.5 billion. We generated free cash flow of $184 million and we continued have an exceptionally strong balance sheet with a cash balance of $4 billion after returning more than $1 billion to shareholders during in the quarter. While the economic environment remains challenging we are beginning to see signs of improvement in certain industries in markets. Overall we feel good about our position in the market and are seeing positive momentum. We are staying very close to our clients enhancing our relationships and helping them with their most important initiatives. Our focus remains on delivering value, expanding the breath and depth of our services with current clients, attracting new clients to Accenture and leveraging our strong marketplace position. With that, let me turn call over to Pam, who will provide some more detail on the numbers.
Bill Green: Thank you, Pam. Let me just say a few things about what we’re seeing out there in the market and also provide a little more detail on what we’re doing to position ourselves for the upturn in future growth. Well there’s still plenty of uncertainty, there are some positive signs. Things seem to be stabilizing with early signs of recovery in certain industries in markets, and frankly, this improvement differs on the company by company basis. Our clients have become a custom to today’s world with its new set of challenges in opportunities, their actions to improve from the past year have taken hold and are beginning to yield improved operating results. Our businesses are looking towards the future again. We are seeing some early signs in technology spending are beginning to come back and although the picture will become more clear as we get further into the new calendar year. Against that backdrop, here’s what we are doing. Our strategy initiative and our human capital strategy projects, which we completed this past summer, are yielding nicely. From those, we are onboarding new talent and the best people are choosing Accenture. We are driving new technology and industry offerings in the market and getting very strong take up. We are executing our geographic expansion strategy in key emerging markets across the world and preparing to enter additional promising markets. We have enhanced our alliances with the winners in the technology space and we are attracting important new clients to Accenture that are the leaders in their industries around the world. In addition, our pipeline of opportunities is growing, we are focused on accelerating the sales cycles of these opportunities and converting them, and we are exploding our unique and differentiated consulting strength and our track record of superior execution both win in the short term and position Accenture with clients for longer term value based relationships. Let me remind of a few things that we discussed covered on the last earnings call. In our core business, we launched new programs for leveraging our industry depths and differentiation. These include hot areas such as marketing transformation, risk management sustainability and infrastructure development. Our industrialization agenda is producing meaningful improvements on the quality and cost to serve front. Our client coverage model has been expanded and strengthened for more time over target and higher yield from our business development activities; and our business process outsourcing is enhanced in more profitable operating level delivering as predicted. In an emerging growth areas, let me just highlight three. In Digital Marketing, our new Accenture interactive business and the Accenture intelligent digital platform have great traction across a range of industries. On smart grid, we continued to be the leader in the innovative smart grid technology around the globe this has global momentum and has opened a new world of leveraging advanced technologies in other key industries that we serve. Lastly, in Analytics, we have important new alliances that are underway and with our proprietary analytics assets in numerous analytics patents. They are serving as a great launch path for this business and that is becoming a corner store of delivering high performance. As I mentioned last quarter, we plan to provide more details on these initiatives at our investor and analyst conference in this spring. With that, let me turn it back to Pam for the business outlook.
Bill Green: Rod, I guess I’d say that I’m not sure. I’d call them small or shorter, but the big transformational deals have not become in vogue again yet. People are still putting their foot in the water, up to their ankles, up to their knees. They’re doing supply chain strategies, they are doing rationalizations, they’re doing all kinds of things, but that big billion dollar transformational thing that you see in the pipeline, I mean those are a lot harder to come by and so we do see a higher volume of smaller things. That said, they’re important things, right. These are must dos for these companies and thanks to the consulting savvy that we have at the top of the business. I think it puts us in a very good position to not only get those things done, but also benefit from the downstream work that historically comes our way from those.
Bill Green: I’d say when we cross into 2010, if it comes back half as well, as it dropped and then the 2009, we’re going to be in hog heaven, because there’s a lot going on out there. If you think back to when we crossed into 2009, it was profound across all industries. So I would tell you that my sense and I’ve been out on the trail a lot is people are feeling better, broadly better about the economy, broadly better about their business, their planning to invest in 2010. They’re not going to do it on the first or second of January. They’re going to see a few weeks how things unfold, but then they’re prepared to make investments in improving their business performance and all that is wind that is at our back as opposed to our nose.  
Bill Green: I mean, we had some things slip as we always do. I think I expected us to do a little better in the outsourcing bookings. We did have a few big things slip at the last minute, which happens, I guess happens every quarter truth be told, but I was a little disappointed in it. The things didn’t go away, which I guess is what’s important to me and both in the BPO side and the AO side. We’re starting to get better pipelines in that space than we’ve had in sometime. So I feel good about the business over the medium term. I would have liked to have seen better bookings for the quarter.
Bill Green: I guess I’d say win rates are pretty consistent, and nobody is in a hurry, would be I guess the way I put it. In the remainder of the calendar year, which is just a month that we have left or the days that we have left, there are certainly people that are targeting getting things done this calendar year in their companies. People have been particularly thoughtful in my opinion, and more interested in getting it right than getting it started would be the way I would put it and I think that had some drag on the business, but frankly I think it’s good, because we have a chance to make sure we are getting it right as opposed to just getting it started.
Bill Green: I mean in the U.K., it’s been on our list for a long time. U.K. market is frankly if you stand back and look at it, probably the worst hit by the downturn. We have stabilized nicely in the U.K. We’re starting to get some momentum back in that business. The leading companies, they’re starting to invest. There’s no question. Those leading companies are global in nature for the most part. So that market we see as much more stable. We have done a good job of getting our supply and demand aligned in the U.K., and we have several of our top leadership people specifically with feet on the street over there in terms of bringing in new business and that has helped us a great deal. So we feel we’re getting on a good trajectory with that.   I would also add that, we did make a change in leadership in the United States, broadly North America and it wasn’t as much a leadership change, but an operating model change and we’re starting to get good yield from that as well in terms of looking at the pipeline and the amount of feet on the street we have in the United States.  
Bill Green: Let me do utilization and I’ll let Pam as the steward of margins. The utilization has been hot and continues to be hot. 88% is too hot, particularly in a market that is starting to expand. So we mentioned we’re going to be bringing in a lot of people this year and that involves two things, it involves building bench and involves particularly investment and consulting talent. So you can expect, we’d just like to run the company with an eight in front of it and have some flexibility in there to make sure we have the get people where we need. One of the things I mentioned last time is not leaving profitable revenue growth on the table, and at 88% frankly you could be doing that. So I think we’re doing a good job now of making sure we continue to run with lots of economic discipline, but at the same time make sure that we have the horses we need to take advantage of the business that is out there.  
Bill Green: Let me just hit a couple of highlights I guess. I think the resources group, that used to be very ERP and energy related, now it’s sort of across all the businesses within resources and tons going on in the smart grid and really, related technologies, related to energy efficiency and reliability, and sustainability and that is just a global phenomenon. I think today in the press there was an article that we had ten smart grid projects in China alone. That is the nature of that thing. So that’s kind of a new frontier for resources and we still have the big base of ERP work, but a lot of these front end things that we’re doing around the grids and electricity broadly is going to pickup nicely. Then of course, in the U.S., I mean as we all sit and look for whatever is going to happen in Washington having to do with legislation regulation, what have you on health. Our business in health continues to be very good as it relates to both the payer and providers sections and then our traditional business that was in pharma, so that we’ve good momentum on it as well. CHT is a challenge. It’s going great in Asia, but in Europe and in North America, the telecom sector is particularly challenged. Some of that is just structural things that are going on in the industry, some of that is just individual company and competitive things, but we’re trying to put more power behind that one and get some things turned around there, but basically there’s aren’t any of our operating groups that are outpacing the other ones. They’re all fighting the good fight every day in the market.  
Bill Green: I would just mention one other thing and that is when we look at a lot of what’s happening and what’s coming back, it’s less about an industry and more about a technology or an offering. For instance our technology consulting business is just roaring back with data center consolidations, virtualization, security, IT governance in general, like just a ton going on there. So that’s affecting all the industries. In some way we’re seeing the recovery more in the horizontal view across our business than the vertical view that we traditionally look at the world in.
Bill Green: I think the GDN has gotten dramatically more capable. It’s moved from a horizontal thing to a vertical thing as it specializes and focuses on the industries that we serve. We put the centers of excellence across the GDN broadly, and so the level of work that gets down in there just keeps going higher and higher up in the food chain. That works very well for us in terms of economics and in terms of integration of sort of the envisioning and architecting work, connected down to getting the work done thing. The other thing that will happen is, right now we have incredible demand for talent in our consulting business. So this stuff sort of ebbs and flows, we’re bringing them on by the thousands in the global delivery network, but we’re looking for direct entry, senior level people and major developed markets around the world for our consulting business and each of those people will drive a pyramid full of talent. So I think you’ll see over the quarters, you’ll see some acceleration in the headcount in the developed markets and consulting as well.
Bill Green: If you think about the stuff that we’re investing in and the things that we’re doing, the nature of the smart grid things that we’re doing isn’t GDN stuff. The nature of the digital marketing stuff, the analytic stuff, I mean all of this is core innovative stuff that’s done with the client’s face on the other end of it. So, it’s not as if the work just drifts into the offshore space. We’ve replenish with the innovation in the front-end things and that becomes a bigger and bigger piece of our mix. If you looked over 10 years, we’ve seen this ebbing and flowing two or three times over the last 10 years, and I think we’re at the beginning of another period of time where a lot more content rich, high end, heavy knowledge capital work gets done in the consulting space in the big markets of the world.
Bill Green: The good news is the last downturn that we recovered from was minor by comparison and somewhat isolated. In other words there were a lot of pieces of the business, there were a lot of pieces of geography and a lot of pieces of industry they were isolated from that downturn. In this one, there are very few that are isolated. So that’s one thing just in terms of people’s mental state and activity, returning to the business world. So I guess that’s the first thing. Interesting also is people have stretched their labor capacity about as far as they can. I mean, the productivity improvements are profound that have been delivered in the last 12 months in the industry, but people are holding on by their fingernails to those improvements and in order to have those improvements be sustainable overtime or to have a platform to continue to improve performance, they have to leverage technology to get to the next level. I think that’s the thing. It’s not any of the gee whiz stuff, it’s not cloud sas and all that that’s all interesting stuff, but it’s how that intersects with the fact that what do people do now that they squeezed the lemon so tight, they’ve got as much performance as they can get out of the assets they have, what do you do for the next act, and I think that’s the thing that’s going to cause people to look for technology to find a way to get leverage.
Bill Green: I think there’s back of the house and front of the house stuff. There is back of the house stuff, which is all about that, the data center. The virtualization thing is like a no brainier, but there is how do you enable the workforce, and that has to do with, if you take smart metering and you have the smart grid phenomenon is the back of the house thing, but the smart metering and what you do with truck rolls and utilities is the front of the house thing. I think if you look across financial services, retail consumer products broadly, you see all these technologies that are sort of waiting on the edge. Looking at the eHealth agenda, that sort of front of the house stuff, people have done the back of the house. So I think that there is technology innovation on both sides of it and I think we tend to always think about the data center in the back of the house and I think tons of the opportunities of the future are enabling the people that face the customers. When we look across telecom, when we look at utilities, and we look at what we’re in retail and consumer products, it’s all sort of front of the house innovation that I think are going to drive a lot of investment.
Bill Green: I think that Asia by and large has navigated through the downturn pretty well. There are certain segments that were impacted, but our SEAAC business has been particularly good. China wasn’t as hot as it had been, but we had a plan of 40%, so you come in half of that, it’s still a pretty good result. So on balance, a lot of the business held up nicely there, and the market held on. The other thing is that we’re doing a lot of new stuff there as opposed to traditional work.
Bill Green: It’s hard to tell right now. I mean I think, we were delighted with price stability. Some of the consulting stuff the high value stuff is pricing in a lot more favorable way. I think 2011 is a different world than the one we’ve been in right now, the thing that hasn’t gone away in all this is the drive for competitiveness on a global basis and I think as people get back into the game, they are going to start doing what they always do right flying to raise their game and they are going to try to do it without adding headcount, and the implications of that I think are exceptionally good for the back half of 2010 and 2011 for our company.
Bill Green: I’ll tell you my view. We plan to earn variable comp. The thing we used to call variable comp whatever that thing is annual bonus this in our current terms, we build it in our plan. We drive the business to that plan. Our operating unit people are working to make their plan and if they make their plans we earn annual bonus and we get to pay it to our people. It’s sitting here right now. That’s high on my agenda and particularly being in a market where it’s going to come back and when the people are going to have opportunities. The thing I’m most focused on is making sure we attract and retain the best talent out there and our ability to deliver what is a very modest level of bonus is important to our proposition to people.
Bill Green: No I’m glad we went this deep in the questions before we got a Tiger Woods somebody had to ask. No, frankly we are very relaxed about this, sad and unfortunate and we made a decision on behalf of our company. We have incredible material that you’ll start to see. We’ll start rethinking our strategy and how to raise our game and our message as we get into next year, but we don’t see an economic impact of it at all and frankly we are incredibly excited about the opportunity to re-brand and raise our profile in the market.
Bill Green: Let me just say a couple of quick things in closing and then we’ll wrap up and our continued focus on operating discipline and delivery excellence is what enabled us to turn in a strong quarter in this environment. We are starting to see signs of recovery and we feel good about it the environment also remains somewhat uncertain and challenging. I think everyday that goes by we get more confident and broadly clients and business at large get more confident. I do want to thank the 176,000 men and women at Accenture around the world for staying focused on what we do best. That is delivering for our client’s day in and day out and that of course enables us to deliver for our shareholders. Thanks very much for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued support and look forward to talking to you again at our Q2 fiscal 2010 earnings call next year and finally I just want to wish everyone a happy and healthy and relaxing holiday season.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill. As a reminder each quarter we provide an outlook for the next quarter’s revenue and an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. As I mentioned in our Q4 call the first half of fiscal 2010 will be challenging year-on-year, given that 6% local currency revenue growth in the first half of fiscal ‘09. While we do see continuing positive signs we remain cautious about timing particularly as we move from calendar 2009 to calendar 2010. For the second quarter we expect revenues to be in the range of $5.1 to $5.3 billion, which assumes of foreign exchange up lift of approximately 7% for the quarter. This range reflects the rates over the past two weeks. Now turning to the full fiscal year we are assuming a foreign exchange impact of positive 5% for the full fiscal year. Based on our qualified pipeline we see strong demand for our services particularly and consulting and we see good future business taking shape. We continue to expect our fiscal year 2010 revenue outlook to be at 3% decline to a 1% increase in local currency. Although the first quarters results and the second quarters outlook would tilt us to the lower end of the range. Our ability to land higher in the range will depend on the phase and timing of recovery in calendar 2010. We continue to expect new bookings for the fiscal year to land in the range of $23 to $26 billion. We continue to expect operating margin to be 13.4%, you should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as we have seen in the past. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in a range of 30% to 32%. We are slightly updating our outlook for earnings per share for the full fiscal year to a range of $2.67 to $2.75 and an increase of $0.03 which reflects the 1% change in our foreign exchange assumption. Finally we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.39 to $2.59 billion, property and equipment additions to be $290 million and free cash flow to be in a range of $2.1 to $2.3 billion. Regarding free cash flow for Q2 we do expect to slight up tick in DSOs and to substantially complete our restructuring severance payments. There is still quite a bit of uncertainty in the environment given that indicators are mixed in most of the economy around the world. Although the demand environment as started to improve predictability and timing are still a challenge, we are doing what we said, we would do, focusing on profitable revenue growth first and foremost, maintaining a strong balance sheet and continuing to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. Richard, let’s take some questions.
Pamela Craig: Yes. I think that is a fair characterization. If you look at how the first quarter came out, the second quarter outlook it’s really based on that. If you just continued that, it would tilt it probably towards the low end of the guidance. However, based on how things come through after we turn the corner on the calendar here into calendar 2010. I think that’s the part that we’re just still not sure exactly how that timing will come out and so based on that it could lead to the higher end of the guidance and that’s just where we are right now and how we see it.
Pamela Craig: I think soft is too strong a work. I mean I think we came in within the guidance. It was slightly on the lower end of it, but nonetheless that’s what we expected for the quarter and I think the pipeline is strong at this point.  
Pamela Craig: Yes. In consulting, the way we look at sequential and I know this is a little bit confusing, but it’s not like a month-to-month thing. It really is on per workday, what is the revenue per workday. So as we go forward, we’re here in consulting, we are expecting it sequentially on this per workday basis to turn positive in the second quarter.
Pamela Craig: That’s right. The second quarter because of the holidays and them being holidays all around the world has five or six less workdays usually each year.  
Pamela Craig: On the gross margin, I mentioned that there’s some shift into sales and marketing and really that was just about implementing our new sales effectiveness model, making that clear in terms of how people spent their time. So I think there’s a piece of that that is a permanent shift into sales and marketing from gross margin. The time in gross margin were non-contract activities where sometime had been spent.
Pamela Craig: Yes. It reflected again good outsourcing profitability and clearly, a couple hundred basis points really in terms of the shift.
Pamela Craig: It’s gross headcount, I don’t know what you mean by net, but that is the number of people that we expect to hire and a substantial portion is in the GDN.
Pamela Craig: Just in products, farm and automotive they have restructuring going on, so that is creating opportunity for us. Retail has clearly been hit hardest, but the clients are cautious there. The consumer goods companies, they’ve been cautious, but they’re picking up a lot of activity and cost reduction globalization, BPO, that sort of thing. As usual, it’s a good mix around the world and around the industries.
Pamela Craig: First of all on the earnings per share, the change is entirely is due to the foreign exchange assumption. We’re not really changing anything as it relates to the guidance and similarly, on the operating margin, it’s always lumpy how operating margin occurs through the year. First quarter is typically a stronger quarter and that was the case here. So we’re going to continue to manage to operating margin and we’re going to continue to make the investments in our business and we still see a 13.4% as the right place to land this year.
Pamela Craig: No, not on the bookings, Jason I think it’s more just, I mean how we see Q2. I mean Q2 is usually our light quarter, lighter of the four and just in terms of how the stuff manifests itself among the four quarters we just may have had slightly different assumptions than were out there.
Pamela Craig: It’s across the board and you mentioned it when you sort of get to that point of building the business, you’re going to see that the recruiting, the hiring, business development and really it’s across the board around the world in terms of where we’re building the business. Also in our offerings and just how we build out the horizontal things that Bill mentioned. I mean, we’re putting effort into that and we are investing in those things very intentionally.
Pamela Craig: Obviously, utilization was part of it. We did have improved outsourcing profitability. Last year, did have the bad debt provision in there. So as usual, there are a lot of things that go into the mix of managing to operating margin and we were really pleased with this result.
Pamela Craig: It’s basically consistent with what I’ve said last time, Q2 expecting consulting to be high-single-to-low-double digits negative and outsourcing mid-single-digits negative and then in the second half of the year consulting low-single-to-double-digits positive, and outsourcing low-single-to-low-double digits positive.
Pamela Craig: Well, first of all the 5% I think is a tailwind, at least that’s how I see it, because it makes the dollars higher.
Pamela Craig: Just in terms of the local currency growth, negative 3% to positive 1% I mean, we’ve kept that range, we’ve pushed it hard. We’ve looked at it from every direction in terms of the guys that run our business, the guys that run the operating groups, consulting outsourcing around the world without it and I think that we’re very comfortable with that range in terms of how we see the business right now.
Pamela Craig: I get what you mean by net now. Yes. Exactly I mean attrition will be part of that, but the number of people we plan to hire is 45,000.
Pamela Craig: Well, we haven’t really changed our bias here, last quarter, Ed we announced that we were going to be going to a semiannual dividend in the third quarter. We’re still on track to do that and of course we raised the dividend 50% this year. So we are continuing to do that and we do expect share repurchases this year to be at this point roughly the same as they were last year and the mix of those is very price sensitive because interestingly the founders will present them to us when the price is high and of course we probably are in the open market maybe we think the price is attractive. So it’s the way it works.
Pamela Craig: Well, I think that it’s of course, dependent on what happened last year, right and you started of the first quarter 9%, second quarter 3% and then we went negative. So then as you are coming up here and we mentioned we are going positive sequentially on a per workday basis in consulting them when you start to do those compares, it starts to kick in. So, it’s that and then how we convert a pipeline that has grown significantly from a year ago.
Pamela Craig: Yes I mean with the outsourcing, last year we really wasn’t until more like third quarter that it hit us with some of the cancellations and restructurings that we had in the business last year and then just also in terms of how the complexion and some of those deals changed in terms of size and that sort things. So, we are expecting it to lag a bit the consulting and again it’s based on those things and also the compare to last year.
