Julie Sweet: Yes. I mean, Tien-Tsin, I think it's hard to predict at this point anything other than what we see right now. Right? So what's different than 90 days ago. Well, as we said in December, we really get visibility into our clients' budgets in January, we say that every year, right? And so, as the calendar year, we turn the page, what we saw was a further tightening of spending at our clients. Particularly [indiscernible] our services and particularly on the smaller projects. So from that sort of trend perspective, 90 days ago we didn't see the same level. Now you kind of turn the dial a little bit more constraints and that's where we see the budgets being set for calendar year 2024, right? And as you said though, in this environment we're taking market share and we're seeing building momentum on our strategy to be the reinvention partner with a record 39 clients with bookings over $100 million. So what does that tell you, right? So, the clients understand the importance of the technology-led transformation. And the fundamentals remain the same. There is a lot more reinvention ahead. We're still -- when you look at where is cloud, both migration and modernization, we say about 80% of the opportunities ahead. Data and AI, but 90% of the opportunities ahead. Re platforming in cloud-based platforms. About 65% of that opportunity ahead, based on who has actually adopted that more modern platforms and security. Well, I think security can be kind of forever ahead, but at least 65% ahead. And that's before you get to thinking about areas like digital manufacturing, engineering services, where that technology has only been coming online, even in the last couple of years sort of the modern technology. And of course, customer also extraordinarily early days. So, where we really focused on is meeting clients where they are today. So that prioritize the large transformational deals and then be positioned to capture the spending when it increases. And we see the sort of the industry has been very strong, because all clients have to get there. They need to get to the technology transformation. They need to get the reinvention and that's why you're seeing -- even as the constraints you're seeing that early interest in GenAI. I mean, $1 billion sales in the first-six months of the year, that is the fastest we have ever built sales in an emerging technology. And what it tells you is that, clients understand the importance of AI that they're going to have to reinvent every part of the enterprise and that's exactly where everything we've done for the last decades at Accenture. Being the company that can go from strategy to build, to operations, deepen industry and functional expertise, because the strategy and consulting all comes together for this moment to be the partner for reinvention across the enterprise, not just to build the technology, but to use it to reinvent and that's exactly what you see in these results, which is why I'm super confident about the industry and the future.
Julie Sweet: So couple of things. What you see in our resilience is that, we are doing these bookings over $100 million and that's what kind of layers that. That just gives you that base rate of resilience during this period. As we said, we're seeing further constraint on the smaller projects. That's why you've got the updated guidance, right? But the pace of these larger deals, we feel really good about from a resilience perspective. And then, you know how this straight, you're at the client, you are at the heart of their business, you're really doing the strategic work that's what all these large deals represent. And then as spending increases you catch the pent-up demand and that's kind of how we see it and that's how we've run it in the past. And by the way, of course, as you know, we're really investing inorganically to capture more growth which you also start to see. Particularly at the back-end of our fiscal year. Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Julie Sweet: Yes, so there is two things. So first of all, it's about prioritization. Right? So their overall constrained on spending. So, you make choices as opposed to it being additive. So they are not able to allocate extra budget, they're prioritizing their budget. So you're seeing more of a substitution right now as opposed to, hey, we need to do this, let's add to the budget and that's tied to the uncertain macro, that's putting people constraint. I had one banker say, if the corporates have put themselves on a diet, given the macro. Right? The second thing, Bryan is, you have to remember that you can't just jump to the great data foundation. You need to be in the cloud. You've got to have modern platforms. And so what you should read into the higher clients -- the clients during these higher bookings rate is that, they're doing the big transformations oftentimes to be ready to put in the data foundation, right? There's only still 40% of workloads are in the cloud. 20% of those roughly haven't been modernized. Many of our clients haven't put in the platform, if you don't have the major ERP platforms that are modern, you don't create a data foundation to fuel GenAI in isolation. So you've got to build the digital core. And as we've said, there's a lot more to go. And that's what's driving these larger complex transformations like, people will not like to do these big transformations in a sense of the other big, they're hard, they're complicated and they need to do them in order to ultimately be able to use the AI, not just in a part of the business or as a proof-of-concept, but really to transform and get the value they now see and so it's -- again, you can't jump to AI, you've got to put all the pieces, and a lot of clients aren't there yet. Which is our opportunity.
Julie Sweet: Yes, so maybe just -- let me just start with like the strategy around capturing the growth opportunity from GenAI. So, this is the same playbook that we have used in every wave of new technology evolution. When we went from mainframe to client-server then to cloud and Software as a Service and then to RPA and AI driven automation when you saw things like myWizard and SynOps. We have the same strategy, the strategy starts with, we want to be the first-mover to help our clients use the technology. And that's why what we're doing with our investments of $3 billion to create solutions for them and you see that coming through with our sales in Generative AI, which, as I've said on earlier, are the fastest we've ever seen in sort of these new technologies where there's a lot of interest and we're the leader. So we want to be the first-mover in helping our clients use it. The second part of our strategy is to be the first-mover in using the technology itself to serve our clients. And we did that would like the digital, with AI automation, with all of our platforms. And with that said, it's a proven formula, because if we invest big to be early and be the first-mover, then we're positioned to capture all the opportunity in our -- with our clients, because they need to adapt it and transform. And as I just went through, that requires a lot the digital core, then you've got to actually use it to change new ways of working to upskill your talent and build new capabilities like responsible AI. When we are able to be the first-mover, which we are already starting now to use GenAI and how we deliver, that enhances our competitive position. It makes us more differentiated and, of course, it also then allows our clients overtime the more we use the GenAI to achieve the results they need at a lower cost, which frees up their investment capacity to do the massive reinvention. And of course, we are in the best positioned to be their partner as they reinvest in using the tech and AI to [Technical Difficulty] lot of the digital core that's got to-be-built, you can't jump that step. It's not a magic technology. But then as you build it, you then have to go function by function to change the ways you work to actually get the productivity and the growth. So we really see this as being kind of the next decade of what our clients are going to be focused on and we are positioning ourselves to be their partner and be the first-mover in both places.
Julie Sweet: Look, I think there's going to be a couple dynamics, right? Remember they just set budgets. So we're kind of assuming there are the budgets for their calendar year and we see in general, most of this constraint is tied to the uncertain macro. So those are the kind of things. They set budgets and they've got uncertain macro.
Julie Sweet: Yes, what I'd say is, this is this is more about -- like we think of this as like prior technology waves. Right? Each one has been a little bit faster in terms of that, but especially when you look at kind of where our clients are on the continuum of building out that digital core, there is a lot to go and you really need that to fully realize it. So we see this is more like our prior kind of the way these things have evolved in the past. Right now, that's what we see.
Julie Sweet: We certainly are seeing -- obviously, our clients have invested in more technology internally at our advice. Right? We've said to them during the pandemic with technology being so important, they should be building up their technologies. So there is clients, they've got a lot of clients, not all of it, because it really depends on your positioning to some of our clients, that's really not the differentiator. So they want a smaller IT and they've got others who built it up and it really depends on where they are. But sure, I mean, we certainly got clients doing more -- doing more in-house as part of it and we've got other clients outsourcing more. So like, it's really all over the map, because it's very company specific as to what makes sense for their strategy.
Julie Sweet: No, absolutely. It's a great question. Services are where you can dial back more easily than when you're signing-up for licenses for technology that you need. So you'd imagine and just what we're seeing that, when you are constraining overall spending, your discretionary spending, you go to like service providers where you're saying, I can pause for that. I can wait for that. And at the same time you've got in other parts of it, like with software where you've got to fix things you really need to invest in and you've got different licenses. So it's really not different than other cycles. Services have a bigger opportunity to say, it's a little more discretionary, let's wait. Even if I bought the licenses, I'm going to wait to actually incur the costs, because a lot of times the cost of the services can be significantly higher than the software licenses, because you've got all the change that you've got to do and all that around. So again, we don't see anything sort of different than when you've got an uncertain macro you look around for your discretionary spending and you cut that. And that's why, of course, you're seeing still the big transformations happening because it's not discretionary and they really got to re-platform in that. So it's like nothing mysterious about is kind of what I consider kind of normal in this kind of a macro.
Julie Sweet: Yes. I'll take that. Just maybe more just the financial kind of mechanical part of it. We have not seen a change in us working the work that's already been contracted, what we would call our backlog and what we talked about was really spending on new sales, new services and their smaller projects and that's the dynamic that we have factored into our guidance for the year.
Julie Sweet: Sure, thank you. Because it's -- I'm super passionate about what we're doing with LearnVantage, because it is so critical for our clients. Talent is the number one agenda item for CEOs. The number one. And when you think about what reinvention means, the clients have to do and AI rotation and they have to do a talent rotation. And what LearnVantage does is, it first and foremost provides the ability for everything from the Board to the C-Suite to business users, to the technologists to get the technology training they need to make the right decisions on AI, for example. To be able to become deeper in the new technologies. And so it really goes from the Board to the technologist. And with Udacity what we're able to provide is essentially the same approach Accenture uses, right? So, we spent over $1 billion ourselves. You saw our latest average 14 hours per employee. And we have -- we use learning science to learn and do. Most of our clients are unable to do that. The big differentiator for us in the market here is that, we Accenture know when you train someone we have to then put them on a job, and they have to get paid to do something, so they are work ready. So we're bringing that expertise now at scale to our clients. And what Udacity does is the same thing, they use exports mentors, they have a real project work that they then coach people on. So it's that same sort of approach of learn and do, but our companies -- our clients don't have all the work that we do, so Udacity has created this ability. And so -- and it's coupled then with Accenture's deep understanding of what it takes to train and be work ready. So we're really excited about it. Our clients are excited about it, they've been coming to us. We've been doing this learning and this enables us now to do it at scale. And again, we want to be the reinvention partner. So the more that we can fill all of the needs of our clients around that, the better position that we will be. So we see LearnVantage is highly, highly strategic. And by the way, it also has, we have a managed service today to actually manage the learning services that companies are now doing internally, which we also expect to -- we're investing and expect to grow. So, very excited. And then finally, [indiscernible] responsibility is our -- as corporates to bring our people along the journey. And so when people worry about things like AI in displacement, we feel that our ability to bring like who then upskilling expertise to help our clients be able to bring their people is really, really important. It's important for our communities. It's important to their Board’s and we also consider it really important because it's the right thing to do.
Julie Sweet: Great. So thanks, everyone. In closing. I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support all of our people for what you do every day. To assure you that we are working every day to continue to earn that trust. Thank you.
KC McClure: Yes. Hi, Bryan. Thanks for your question. And you're right, you're obviously your math is correct, that that would be what our guidance would say. In terms of visibility, look, it's really no different than what we have anytime in the past in this part of the year for our full-year guidance. Obviously, we are not forecasting that the whole year we just have the back-half of the year, there's no difference in visibility as it relates to what we've done in any other time of the year -- any other year at this time. And we do our same at analysis and outlook to provide you with our guidance of the 1% to 3%.
KC McClure: Yes. And maybe I'll take the layering in question on the larger deals and talk a little bit about how that's going to work for the back-half of the year as it relates to guidance. So we have the larger deals that were terrific in our second quarter and our whole first-half of the year. But you're right, they do layer-in slower than the smaller deals and we see pressure in the volume of our smaller deals. And that's why we have the 1% to 3% guidance for the full-year. Now we do feel-good about delivering to this guidance and what that means for H2, and that really is for a few reasons that we've talked about before, but let me just kind of reiterate. The first is that, our competitive advantage is that we have the ability to invest. You saw us do that in H1 and Julie talked about that, with investing more in acquisitions this year, in the first half than we did all of last year. And that's really important because that drives inorganic growth. But again, we do that really to fuel organic growth, but we see that coming online in the back half of the year. The second thing is that, we have done these larger transformation deals, but also the ones from the previous years. And we see that continuing to benefit us as it relates to revenue as they will layer on in the back half of the year. And that really just speaks to the resilience of our strategy, both in terms of being what Julie has talked about, being where our clients need us and our inorganic strategy to continue to benefit to pivot to scale in new areas of growth. And so, that's how that all comes together in terms of revenue conversion from those larger deals and when they come online, James. And maybe I'll just also add, what that means from a type of work for the entire year. What we now see from the context of the 1% to 3% is, our consulting type of work will be about flattish. And we see our managed services growing to about mid-single digit growth for the year.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks for that. Well, first of all, I'm just -- I just want to put out that I'm really pleased with our profitability in the first half of the year and the outlook for profitability for the full year. Our margin is flat, but we have EPS growth for the first half of the year, profit growth of 5%. And that really just points to the rigor and discipline that we continue to operate our business in. But really importantly, as Julie talked about, all the investments we're making in our business and our people continue. So as you look at the back-half of the year, we now see the 10 basis points expansion is where we see it. Again, very important, continue to have high levels of investment in our people and our business. And EPS, we see for the whole year at about 3% to 5%. One thing I will point out just to help all of you. We did benefit from the first-half of the year in our EPS with higher non-operating income, which makes lot of sense on interest income, on our higher cash balance. In the first-half, you see our cash went from 9% to 5%. So great cash, we can -- no concerns will continue with our capital allocation strategy, but just as you model in the back half of the year, you'll see that not surprisingly with lower cash flow will have lower interest income. So just as you're working through your EPS for the first-half and second-half, that's something that you might want to consider.
KC McClure: Yes. And just a reminder that everything that we're talking about in terms of giving guidance. I know all of you know this, but just as a reminder, our fiscal year-ends on August. Right? So there -- it's a little bit over halfway through the calendar year.
KC McClure: Yes. So, there's really four things that every year are the same, that really influence our tax rate. And just really is how those things come together. There are geographic mix of income, any settlements from previous years, any increase that we need to do on prior year tax liabilities, and lastly, the impact of our equity on our tax rate. So these four things really are confluences the same every year, depending on how they fall. That's going to influence where we land on our tax rate. And so, we -- this year we saw them favorably in aggregate. So we're able to keep our 2 point range, but drop by 1%.
KC McClure: That's right. An. I think just as a reminder, even with all that we still have the record spend with us with $40 billion of bookings for the first half of the year.
