Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our results for the second quarter, which were in line with our expectations. We continue to drive profitable growth and are investing in differentiated services that are clearly resonating with the needs of our clients. Here are a few highlights. We delivered very strong new bookings of $9.1 billion, including record consulting bookings of $4.4 billion. Revenues were $7.1 billion, up 4% in local currency, including strong local currency revenue growth in outsourcing of 10%. And we were particularly pleased with our double-digit revenue growth in both Financial Services and Health & Public Service. We delivered earnings per share of $1.65 on a GAAP basis, including the benefit of 2 items that Pam will talk about when she takes you through the numbers. Absent the benefit of these items, earnings per share were $1. We increased operating income and expanded operating margin on those to GAAP and adjusted bases. We continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.6 billion. And we continue to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Today, we announced a semi-annual cash dividends of $0.81 per share, which will bring total dividend payments for the year to $1.62 per share, a 20% increase over last year. So with the first half of the year behind us, I feel good about where we are. And we remain well positioned to meet our outlook for the fiscal year. Now let me hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Our highly diverse portfolio of business, combined with our industry expertise and broad technology capabilities, is positioning us very well to see the opportunities in the marketplace. Our clients continue to focus on large-scale transformation, and we are seeing strong demand for our services. This is evident in our excellent new bookings for the quarter as we are helping our clients try tangible and measurable value, particularly in this fast-changing technology environment. Our latest technology vision report identifies the trends that are having a big impact across different industries and explores how companies can use technology to improve business results. One of these trends is a convergence of social media, mobile computing, analytics and the cloud, which is transforming the way businesses operate. And this is driving demand for our services. In mobility, we recently helped a leading global pharmaceutical company move sales and service from traditional on-premise delivery channels to the cloud and on to mobile devices for its global sales team of more than 25,000 people. In analytics and mobility, we are helping a global industrial equipment company design and implement a telematics capability that will allow its customers to monitor their equipment in realtime. Equipment users can now immediately identify parts that need maintenance, which will reduce downtime and increase revenue growth for our client. And in cloud, we are creating efficiencies and cost savings for a large government agency by developing a private internal cloud for systems that process nearly $100 billion in transactions annually. Accenture's industry expertise continued to be a key differentiator. And we are driving growth with our unique end-to-end services, which combine our management consulting technology and business process outsourcing capabilities. In addition to providing market-leading services across more than 40 industries, we continue to prioritize our investments around specific industries where we see an opportunity for greater return. 3 of these industries where our focused approach is clearly paying off are insurance, banking and health, which contributed significantly to the strong performance of our Financial Services and Health & Public Service operating groups this quarter. In insurance, one of our key wins in the quarter, valued at more than $200 million, is to help a leading U.S. property and casualty insurer with a major transformation of its operating model. We are helping the client accelerate growth by reengineering sales across all product lines and channels through one of the largest salesforce.com implementations. In banking, we are using process automation to help a leading bank in Italy transform its accounts payable and procurement operations. We are using Accenture finance and risk management services to help migrate the client's legacy applications to SAP, streamlining invoice and payable processes and then running them on a managed-service basis. The goal is to deliver a sustained reduction in operational cost of as much as 25%. In health, a great example is Accenture Clinical Services and the work we are doing for Trinity Health, a leading operator of hospitals in the United States. We are helping Trinity leverage analytics to better coordinate and standardize patient care and improve patient outcomes. In addition to cost savings and safety improvements, Trinity is already realizing many important patient gains, including a reduction in patient mortality from sepsis of almost 20%. We continue to focus on our growth markets, which as you know, include our priority emerging markets as well as mature under-penetrated markets. I continue to be extremely pleased with the strong performance of our business in the United States. With double-digit growth, we are gaining market share, and we are benefited from our recent investments in mortgage processes, insurance and life sciences. And of course, we remain focused on operational efficiency to drive profitable growth while applying rigor and discipline across the board to increase our competitiveness and expand our margins through pricing, cost and productivity improvements. This gives us the capacity to reinvest in the business to expand our differentiation in the marketplace. The overall macroeconomic environment remains challenging, and there is still a considerable amount of uncertainty especially in Europe, Japan and, to some extent, Brazil. We continue to watch this very carefully and to assess any potential impact on our own business so we remain agile and flexible in the way we are deploying our investments around the world. That said, we continue to execute well, again, in our growth strategy, and we continue to focus on gaining market share. With that, I will turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for the third quarter and the full fiscal year. Over to you, Pam.
Pierre Nanterme: Thanks, Pam. And then just let me take this opportunity to thank you for your dedication, for the tremendous contribution you have made to Accenture growth and success. You've always been committed to doing the right thing for our people, for our company, for our clients and for our shareholders. And it has been a real pleasure for me to work with you, especially since becoming CEO. As Chief Financial Officer, you have built a world-class finance organization, and your focus on rigorous financial discipline has contributed to our strong performance over the years. Of course, a key part of this has been grooming your own successor. And I'm very pleased to announce that David Rowland, who has been a long-standing leader in our finance organization, will become our new CFO on July 1. David has decades of experience at Accenture and a deep understanding of our business. I have known David for many years, and I know that he is absolutely committed to ensuring that we continue to create value for our clients and our shareholders. I am confident that David will be an outstanding CFO. And in true Accenture style, we will have a smooth transition. With that, let's move to the Q&A. And Pam and I are ready to take your questions on the quarter and our outlook for the year.
Pierre Nanterme: And just to add a color on this. I mean, indeed, just the volume is remaining, for Accenture, stable, and so it's just the proportion we see changing. But we are starting to be encouraged by the healthy pipeline for this type of opportunities. So we're starting to see some things happening. So again, volume stable proportionally with the lower -- it's not shrinking at all, and the pipeline is showing some good signs.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Just to add on this, I mean, first, we continue to be extremely pleased with what we see in the U.S., and that's very important for Accenture. As you know, United States is our single largest market, so that's very good for us. In Europe, I mean, Europe, you all know the complexity of the macroeconomic environment, and I think we are holding our own quite well. And we have several of our large markets even growing in Q2 in Europe. When you look at APAC, it's a collection of different markets. And indeed, Pam said it very well, we had some very specific situation, I would say, in Japan. And we have this Australian compare as well. But overall, just to add a color on this, we had record bookings this quarter in Asia Pacific, and we maintain a healthy pipeline. So I think -- directionally, I think our geographies are moving in the right direction, of course, with a different pace, reflecting some different, specific situations here and there.
Pierre Nanterme: No, I would just confirm: I do not see any change, so let me be clear with that, in any pattern. It's just, indeed, we continue to see the conversion of consulting booking to revenue at a slower rate, something, as Pam mentioned, began about a year ago. We, to some extent, have some expectation that we had an anniversary with -- in this Q2 quarter. And this trend of conversion at a slower rate is continuing, and therefore, it's impacting our revenue growth short term. So what we see is just a more gradual trajectory that we do not see any structural change on anything.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, this trend, I mean, continues, I would say, nicely. Again, I do not see anything I would qualify as dramatic. I'm very pleased with our performance in term of cloud, but I would add mobility as well, everything going digital. All of these is moving at a good pace, is driving a significant growth in those areas for Accenture. Now I do not see a kind of dramatic point of inflection, if you will. I think this market is picking up. It still early days. I think there is more to come in those different businesses in the coming decade. And it's just moving nicely.
Pierre Nanterme: You're absolutely correct. And I would just like to refer that's why we're very pleased to announce this -- one of our major win this quarter with this leading U.S. property and casualty insurer, more than $200 million, which is going to be one of the largest salesforce.com implementations. So I think that's what that is. We are transforming sales operation. We're not only implementing Software as a Service. And so indeed, even if the strict SI implementation of the Software as a Service might have an impact on the effort overall. As reflected with that illustration, the overall effort to do a salesforce transformation or a sales transformation, even based on salesforce.com, is still representing a significant transformational investment, including SI. So I think that's a good illustration to your question.
Pierre Nanterme: We always have high expectations. So we're extremely pleased with $9 billion, but we're never complacent. So I'm extremely pleased, but I'm not complacent. I mean, we need to drive the business for profitable growth, and this is what we are doing. And it's all starting with bookings. The bookings are our revenues for the future. We're building contracting revenues, what we used, in the past, to call backlog. And but when you look at the areas of strengths, as we mentioned, definitely, I would say that's been the quarter of Financial Services. I'm -- I don't want to always mention my prior operating group, but it was indeed quite of a high mark this quarter around Financial Services, banking, insurance. I mentioned one of our largest sales. But what is interesting is what Pam mentioned: 14 sales over $100 million across all 5 operating groups. So indeed, we can mention Financial Services, they're going to be pleased this quarter. But I think, across the board, we're pleased to refer to -- health's continued to do extremely well. We're very strong in Products from a booking standpoint. So that would be maybe the 3 operating groups I would describe. And then the good bookings in consulting. But this -- those -- these 14 sales over $100 million across the 5 is probably, for me, a great source of satisfaction.
Pierre Nanterme: But on the other hand, it's giving us more visibility. So that's an interesting situation where, indeed, this longer duration, which as well is linked to the nature of the programs, which are more transformational by nature. So you need to put transformation with time. There is no transformation you can drive in the short term. That requires some times. So we've seen the duration, which I think is more linked structurally to the nature of the business, which from that direction is good. And it's definitely given us more visibility in our business and more backlog moving forward. So we need to get through this transition, if you will, in term of pace of short-term growth. And as I mentioned, we'll -- in the back end of the year, we expect to see consulting growth in the single digit, as mentioned by Pam.
Pierre Nanterme: Switzerland, Ireland, South Africa is a little bit more than Europe, but -- EMEA, anyway, are indeed growing. And if you put that in the context of the overall macroeconomic environment in Europe, I think that's a good signal.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, overall, pricing is stable -- I might say, maybe -- I will say, stable plus. I mean, you will characterize the plus, but I think it's slightly more than stable. But overall, it's stable. We used to say, with pockets of pricing power, if you will. But I'm feeling comfortable with our pricing situation, and I would characterize into pricing plus. I don't know whether we can give more details, Pam on...
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. But if you reflect on what we did that year, I think we did a good job in setting the wages at the right place; in absorbing reasonably rapidly in Q1, in the first half of the year, as reflected as well in the margins. So it's what we continue to have, Pam and I, what we call rigor and discipline. I'm called Mr. R&D in Accenture. I would expect that would be Mr. Research and Development, but it's more resources, more rigor and discipline. But I think we are -- we know how to manage our cost. And it's very important: In such a competitive environment, we need to be competitive. So we will never give up in our competitiveness, and we will continue to invest in our differentiation. Thanks a lot, David. And thanks, all of you, for joining us on the call today. Now as you heard, this call today was somewhat special for Accenture, but it will be an special for me as well, with Pam announcement. Now coming back to the business, and in closing, I'm pleased overall with where we are. And as we said, at a time where economic volatility and uncertainty are still prevalent, we continue to manage our business with a permanent focus on driving profitable growth. We are leveraging our global footprint and our unique end-to-end transformational capabilities to provide highly relevant business solutions to our clients. We are investing in our future, and we remain totally committed to delivering value for our clients and shareholders. And finally, with 261,000 highly qualified and highly dedicated men and women around the world, frankly, I feel confident in the ability of Accenture to continue to win in the marketplace. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best.
Pamela J. Craig: There really isn't. It is that simple, Tien-Tsin, in the sense that the consulting is just ramping more gradually. There's fewer of the smaller deals in there and that converts after, and that trend has continued even beyond where we thought it would. And so that -- and so we do need more bookings, actually. And so we are trending -- and we are indeed trending toward the upper end of the range.
Pamela J. Craig: So first, on the book-to-bill. Just based on this complexion of the consulting revenue, we are -- we do believe we need to be higher in that range of 1.0 to 1.1 that we've talked about with you for years. So right now, we are looking, and it is, this quarter, 1.1. Of course, if this smaller, shorter-term stuff comes back into the mix in a greater proportion at some point, then it might move around in there, but it -- but you're right, at this point, that's what we see. In terms of the consulting revenue growth rate, I -- we really do think that we will eke out positive consulting growth in Q3 and that it will be, at least, low positive single digits. And that -- it -- trend would continue in Q4.
Pamela J. Craig: It does, Rod. To us, it is a market phenomenon. We see it primarily in Europe where we traditionally had, particularly in some operating groups like Financial Services, a lot of that kind of smaller consulting work. And so it's not that it's going down at this point, it's actually staying rather pretty stable. But just as a proportion of the bookings, it is smaller. And we do see it primarily as a market phenomenon more, that clients just don't sort of gravitate to that stuff as much as other things.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, the duration has stayed pretty stable, Rod, in the sense we were sort of looking at all those metrics: aging, velocity, et cetera. And it's all pretty stable.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, we do have the pipeline replenishment, and that's been going well during this month. And so I mean, if I just wanted to give you just some sense, I think the bookings will be higher than they were in Q1 and not as great as they were in Q2.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, Asia Pacific, as you know, is a big place. And there's a lot of different things, and I'm going to let Pierre give a little color, but let me just give you some numbers stuff and then do that. But so we have countries that were clearly trying to develop, like China that has a high growth rate, places like India, et cetera, which where the growth is good. Then we have the more mature markets, like Japan, where we did see some isolated decline, which was in CMT, this quarter. And -- but it -- so we have a decent-sized business there, so it had an impact. And then there's places like Australia, which had just phenomenal growth recently, and we do see that coming a little off. So it's sort of the mix yield, next to something, that it is low positive, it's 2%, but I mean, I think, in terms of the positioning for the future, it's shaping up nicely. But let me let Pierre give you some color.
Pamela J. Craig: No, I mean, if anything, outsourcing continues to be strong. And it's had 10 quarters or so of double-digit growth. And I mean, we do see that moderating a little bit, but the pipeline is very strong and healthy. And certainly, outsourcing, as a business and an area of demand, continues to evolve very nicely, I mean, what's happening in IT services as it evolves to more managed services. And just the potential and -- in BPO is very strong. We've made some acquisitions there, et cetera. So we feel really good about the outsourcing business.
Pamela J. Craig: I think, in terms of what we expected 6 months ago, we did expect that we would turn to growth in the second half in consulting faster than we are. So it's just a little more gradual. And I would say it's similar to how we felt 3 months ago.
Pamela J. Craig: Absolutely, Bryan. Thank you very much. And also, I just want to point out one thing that -- I sort of got passed a note here, as we were sitting here. It's just in terms of we did point towards the lower half of the guidance in the 5% to 8%. And that really is just because, at this point in time, as we look forward, it just is more clear that it's going to be in the lower half.
Pamela J. Craig: There we go. We knew there would be one of you. And if we had taken bets on who it would have been, it probably -- you would have popped at the top of the list, Julio.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, it's primarily the Global Delivery Network. And as you know, from the growth that we're seeing there, it's that this has really become a sort of an incredibly diverse group of people around the world that not only do IT and -- but really, we have doctors, we have nurses, we have people doing very sophisticated analytics. So this is -- really, our focus in delivery is really building up that network and then being -- having the right size of workforces locally to combine in with that. So the strategy is the same, but you're going to see more growth in the GDN.
Pamela J. Craig: And just as Paul -- and I mean, that's just a great example, right? And as Paul Daugherty, on -- in October, pointed out, it's that, this kind of new work implementing the new technologies, is -- we do see those kinds of projects, at least this large over time, but they are installed a little differently, right? They don't necessarily have these big, giant development ramp-ups and then ramp-down. It's a little more gradual. So I think it sort of plays into this whole trend as well.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, Katy, let's just break it down a little bit. First of all, I think that it -- there's this -- in the bookings every quarter and the consulting bookings every quarter, there's a mix of things. And so the first thing that's impacting it is in the mix of how the overall set of bookings converts to revenue. When you have less of the lower -- of the smaller stuff that converts fast, then that just works the average, right? And so that's pull it -- and so the higher volume of the bigger and longer stuff is pulling that average up. And then I think, in terms of that work, we do see and -- that things are being arranged not as these sort of giant consulting projects but more in phases and more chunks. And so that, too, I think, just influences how the stuff then bleeds into revenues. So they're the same size, but it's just that buying patterns are overall a slight -- continuing to evolve, and we see that in our portfolio of bookings.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I'll comment on the -- you say, what industries. I mean, it is in Europe. And historically, some of our businesses did have higher proportions of these in their mix of bookings. And particularly in Europe, and I mentioned Financial Services, they had a high proportion of those. So there is some of that. And again, when you think about the transformation that's happening in Europe, in banking and that sort of thing, this all just makes sense in terms that those buying patterns would change. So I can at least give you that much. I mean, we're not -- we don't give out the numbers in terms of how these things proportionally. But just as a proportion of the total bookings, they're stable, but our lower-proportion because bookings are up.
Pamela J. Craig: No, I mean, that's exactly right. I mean, when you look at the contract margins that are up, particularly in outsourcing, as it was reflected in our gross margin, I mean, part of that is pricing, right, that we're able to get that. Now we don't -- I mean, it's -- we're characterizing it as stable overall because, as you can imagine, across this giant business of all these things, it's -- there are some puts and takes. But I think stable plus is a good way to characterize it.
Pamela J. Craig: They were up as well but just not as much, yes. So it's a little more marginal. It just wasn't -- but they were certainly not down.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, as you know, we put in our salary increases primarily September 1. And we do adjust those during the year if we need to, but we're just starting the planning, actually, for what we'll be doing next year.
Rod Bourgeois: Okay, great. And Pam, I definitely wish you the best. Very impressive career at Accenture. And you've definitely put together a world-class finance organization. I'm sure everybody there will miss you, and I think that the Street will as well. So thanks again.
Rod Bourgeois: Sure. And so a question here on the consulting outlook. It sounds like the small deals are still soft. And I'm wondering whether that is purely a function of softness in the market or if there are competitive dynamics that are playing an increased role in being able to win some of the smaller, less-transformational type consulting deals that are out there.
Rod Bourgeois: All right, great. We've had a lull in management consulting, so it's good to see that looking up. So on the bookings side, given the strong bookings in the February quarter, I should ask if duration rose meaningfully on a year-over-year or quarter-to-quarter basis and if you could answer the duration question for both the consulting segment and the outsourcing segment. And then I've got a quick question about the May quarter bookings outlook.
