Bill Green: Thank you, Richard, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are very pleased with our results in Q2. We delivered a solid quarter, driving our business with discipline while positioning it for growth. And importantly, we are beginning to see positive signs and increasing demand for many of our services. Here are some highlights from the quarter. We generated revenues of $5.2 billion within our expected range of $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion. Operating margin was 12.6%. We delivered earnings per share of $0.60. We achieved very strong new bookings of $6.5 billion, with consulting and outsourcing each exceeding $3 billion. We generated $616 million in free cash flow, and we continue to have an exceptionally strong balance sheet with a cash balance of more than $4 billion. In short, a very good performance. In addition, we just announced a dividend of $0.375, which is our first semi-annual dividend in part of our ongoing commitment to return cash to shareholders. While there are still uncertainties and challenges in the global environment, we are seeing signs of positive momentum in the market, as our clients are once again looking to the future. We are very well positioned to benefit accordingly with the return to positive growth. We are staying close to our clients helping them with their most important initiatives. We have enhanced our offerings for today’s demands and we are recruiting high quality talent aggressively to ensure that we have the breadth and depth of capabilities to capitalize on future growth opportunities. With that, I will turn the call over to Pam who will provide some more detail on the numbers.
Bill Green: Thank you, Pam. Before Pam takes you through our outlook for Q3 and the full year, I just wanted to take a moment to give you my view on where we are and how we are positioned for the future. The economic environment we’ve always gone through has of course been extremely challenging. But it’s also been an excellent opportunity for leading companies to demonstrate their management shops and, more importantly, to sharpen their ability to compete, win and grow in the future. Over the past year, we have done just that. We laid out a new human capital strategy. We refreshed our business strategy. And we invested to gain more depth and breadth in everything we do. In short, we positioned ourselves for the future – this future. Looking at our track record, thus far as a public company on every measure is something we are extremely proud of. But I believe our time for the next level of market leadership is squarely in front of us. When I look over the past 12 months, I see a time not of recovery, but of renewal. We are incredibly excited as we look to the future. Taking stock of where we are, let me share a few observations. Our people, 181,000 and counting are the best people on the planet in terms of skills and experience. And we continue to invest hundreds of millions of dollars a year in training them. Our clients, 96 of the Fortune Global 100, three quarters of the Fortune Global 500, and closing in on 100 diamond clients with relationships based on trust, confidence and delivery. Our brand, one of our top 50 brands in the world and synonymous with high performance and business outcomes. Our global footprint, providing global clients with consistent service anywhere in the world they operate in more than 120 countries and building leadership positions in the markets of the future. Our delivery model, which ranges from high touch and locally responsive to the global efficiency and industrialization of our global delivery network, supported by an incredible ability to leverage worldwide learning, knowledge and assets. Our breadth and depth of service, few, if any, can work with clients from envisioning solutions to designing and building them, to operating them on behalf of our clients, all with unparallel depth by function, industry and technology. Our 4,500 senior executives’ deep experience with their personal skin in the game tied to our results, and our commitment to shareholders, a durable company, pristine balance sheet, a shareholder focus, and on a daily basis running our company as a high performance business. We have great confidence in our position. It is one of leadership. It’s one of success. Our 2010 results are on track with our expectations. We expect to end the year on a trajectory that shows us back to altitude in driving our business. As we look forward, we feel very good. As the market for our types of services moves up, we outperform. Look at the track record in the history. We are of course focused on delivering 2010, but we will share some of the facts supporting what I’ve just covered at our investor and analyst conference on April 8th. Now Pam will provide our business outlook for the third quarter and the rest of the year.
Bill Green: Well, I guess, Adam, first, there is nothing good about turnover in my book. But it is a fact of life in this business. Right? And our people are very attracted to our clients, and some of them choose to move along. I think us hiring 50,000 people says a lot about how we see the outlook and what we see going on out there. And I think leading companies are starting to look to the future, and companies are starting to invest in their businesses again, and we see it in a pipeline. I think we see it in the momentum we see in the business. We’ve responded with hiring as we have. And a lot of the relationships that we tend to very carefully through challenging times are going to start serving us very well. All of that is going to create more opportunities for people in this profession, and particularly Accenture pedigree people. But we feel really good about what we’ve been seeing in the last quarter, and we hope to be able to bring in some real talent in this market and combine it with the incredible folks that we have and drive the revenues and profits from that.
Bill Green: No, I think it was 45 on the last call. We are comfortable with 50 now. We have brought over 20,000 people onboard already this year. Attracting and bringing onboard and training and deploying talent is one of the core competencies of the firm. So frankly, the hiring is just in response to the demand we see and the pipelines that we have in front of us.
Bill Green: Yes. I think – you know, we’ve looked hard at that. We managed that. But in reflection, we’ve done that for five years.
Bill Green: And so I think there was above acceleration this year. Whether that bump continues, flattens out, who knows? But I think it’s something that we manage and just bring in the whole thing together in terms of the operating margin we deliver in our revenue profile. So we are going to keep watching it closely and frankly get more efficient and better at how we manage it.
Bill Green: No. In fact, if you look – I mean, we look really hard at that. And the quality of the bookings this quarter were exceptional in terms of, if you combine the nature of the consulting stuff plus if you look at the outsourcing stuff in the shorter duration, a lot of it is more near-term revenue than our profile has been frankly historically. I know exactly what you are asking. We look real hard at that as well in terms of how quickly the bookings convert to revenue.
Bill Green: Yes, we did have to get that last year sort of terminations and restructurings behind us, which we’ve done. We get great momentum in the apps outsourcing business. I think it was interesting – apps outsourcing, you’re going to look also – what we look at is the quality of the business, not just the meat moving, if you will, of the business. And frankly, we feel good about the deals that we have. There are good deals that work with our economics. They average up our portfolio and, frankly, see good momentum in that space. It was interesting I think everyone thought outsourcing would be more robust in the last 12 months. But I think we had the very unique thing, and that was people aren’t making any decisions. And I think people are just starting to make those decisions now and we expect that the application side of the outsourcing is going to continue to get momentum.
Bill Green: Yes, I think that’s true. As we mentioned, people were taking more bite-sized pieces, and once they do that and that’s successfully delivered, they expand that. So some of it comes from that. I think the deal size is modestly larger, but what it is in – are those big deals or those big transformational things that we might have known from a few years back. But frankly, this is better business. It’s near-term business, and it’s stuff you can get started on and get delivered and then expand as you go.
Bill Green: It will never be at my liking. Don’t let Salvino off the hook. You know, what’s important in the outsourcing pipeline is the economics of the deals there. There is billions of dollars of profitless deals out there. I mean billions. And there is billions of dealers of single-digit economic deals. And so the key thing is the ones you get. I mean, we are just delighted with the profitability and the execution capability of our outsourcing stuff. And we’ve been trying to make sure we average up our portfolio and not just tell about. And so I think that’s a distinction that we make. We are grateful that we have a chance to make some of those choices.
Bill Green: I guess I would – it's marginal, really. I mean, there is still a lot of small beachhead foot in the water up to the knee kind of deals as opposed to sort of the big – take all there, there are also deals were people are splitting the work between two suppliers. And so all of those things have some impact on the dynamic of the size.
Bill Green: I’m not worried about Asia-Pacific. I mean, it’s still a little bit of a frontier out there. And frankly, two or three deals can really swing this thing one way or another. If you look at the pipelines and the activity, we made some leadership changes this year. We get some great new people in place. And so I’m not worried about that all. Just on the geographies, what matters a lot is North America. And I’m delighted with some of the momentum we are seeing in North America. The other thing we have to do is we’ve got to get people in the road. Right? I mean, if you look at our utilization, if you look at the demand, one of the things we’re very focused on was making sure we have a great opportunity in this market to get some real talent. And we got to get them in the door and get them underway. I mean, that’s a big part of this. And so we’ve dialed up the recruiting machine a lot and our training engines and things like that. But you know, we got to just make sure we get them through and deployed. And that’s an important element. In Europe, I think there is a mixed bag. If you just go through the countries, we are not worried about it, but we are cautious because they are cautious and there is a lot of uncertainty over there. And frankly, when I look at Europe, it’s more on a client-by-client consideration than it is on a country-by-country by consideration. And that’s kind how we are managing the business over there.
Bill Green: Yes. Julio, I think we’ve just – we're just trying to be thoughtful. Right? We get surprised a year ago. We don’t want to be back to that. As Pam mentioned in our comments, there is still lot of uncertainty out there around the world. But if you just sort of triangulate the hiring and the pipelines and all that stuff, we believe around the right trajectory. We’re just having a little in a world it seems like anything can happen. So we are just going to be thoughtful about it.
Bill Green: No. I mean, it’s too high in my opinion. The people we brought in and we have brought in over 20,000 people so far this year. We’ve put them to work and the utilization continues there. As Pam mentioned, our plan is 50,000 across the year. We expect we will get all of them busy and hopefully that will give us some room on the bench, if you will, to have a little few points off of that market just as we do more training and investments and things like that in our talent. But it’s just something we are balances but the business continues to charge away and we are bringing them people. It’s fast as we can in order to make sure we are getting the highest quality talent. And so we haven’t caught up with the utilization rate. So just a follow-up on that, if utilization rate was perhaps a little bit of an upside surprise in the quarter, where there any margin factors that went against you, more than you would anticipate it, because the margins overall at least relative to what we were expecting or a little bit lighter. Well, I mentioned that one delivery inefficiency we had. So that was one thing that went against the margin. And the 88%, I mean we knew it was going to take a little bit of time for that to come down. I mean, it doesn’t just instantly come down. So we were actually expecting at that level.
Bill Green: Yes, I – I mean, I guess I’d say everyone went into the year with a plan, and I think the clients by and large were cautious about their spend profile, as they saw how their own business came to be. And I don’t know if the healthcare thing will send any of them back in the United States, but there is still some uncertainty out there. But I think by and large, people have selected the things they are going to make investments in and have started or just beginning to start making the investments in those. And I think some of what you see in our consulting business is exactly the result of that.Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: And just one last question, I think maybe you could just talk about what you are seeing this year, as you go to that process versus what you saw last year. I think a lot of what we are hearing is that maybe the budgets are a little bit more fixed and that might lead to maybe some upside in spending going forward, and maybe you could just talk about sort of the comparison of the two years.
Bill Green: Well, I guess the only way I compared is this. Last year, if you hadn’t already started spending it, you aren’t going to start spending it. And what we have now, I think, is a budget that people are operating to, but also companies aren’t afraid to initiate things that aren’t in the budget. And very often some of the strategic programs and the some of the front end consulting work, which will ultimately involve the IT expense and other expenses, are in the budgets that people are initiating those projects. And last year, none of those things got initiated. If it wasn’t in the budget and you hadn’t started spending money on it, for the most part, people didn’t initiate anything. And so we’ve seen a lot of initiation in the last quarter. And if you just look at the nature of the pipeline, the conversations around the world right now, a lot of thing is around initiation of new initiatives.
Bill Green: Yes. No, I can. I get the same disease. I mean, we feel great about – you go through the high phases on a lot of this stuff, but this cloud stuff is real. Right? The serious of which the providers are looking at it, the seriousness of which the clients are looking at it, the virtualization as a science, if you will, let alone the technology in the total cost of ownership profiles are real. Addition I think you see some leading companies. Obviously the VMWare, VMC connection, you see what Microsoft is doing. We have lots of engagements underway. But as I always say, it’s not like you put your stuff in the pickup and drive it to the cloud. I mean, this is complex stuff. There is a lot of work to do getting repositioned in that environment. But we’ve got dozens and dozens of early stage things going on. And I think that as the technology gets betters and if the cost profiles get understood, and as a few pioneers get out there, this thing is going to be a bona fide technology wave. And we are excited about how we are positioned really with all the providers as it relates to that.
Bill Green: Yes, actually we are – Kevin will be in. Don Rippert, our Chief Technology Officer, those guys have been immersed in there, and that will be their analyst day to give you some color on that.
Bill Green: I think – it's no secret the public finance is already where you look. One day after the next, there is challenges at the state and local level. There are challenges in the reimbursement of federal, out of the state, and local things. And if you are obviously looking through Europe, you’ll see some huge challenges and public finances over there. And so I think we think the environment is going to be a tad cautious, as people are trying to decide do they have the funding for some of the bigger initiatives, not the garden variety stuff, but the bigger and more important things. On the other side, the health – the health business, the activity levels picked up. The pipelines have picked up. And the question everyone asked in (inaudible) so it just in case is, what is the impact of the recent legislation? And regardless of what you think of the legislation, the impact on the health insurance exchanges helping attract members into the individual markets working to improve the Medicare advantage business improvement stuff that will need to be done in there. And just frankly, we ensure cost improvement work. I think it’s going to be significant, and those companies have already turned their sites to living in what, for them, I guess is their new normal.
Bill Green: In that area, in technology consulting, it’s more companies initiating projects to evaluate their technology infrastructure and do consolidation and experiment with virtualization in some area of it. Right? So that’s just sort of core consulting things people trying to get a more efficient, better value for money, IT environment. Those early stage things, which is more rationalization, will lead to hopefully series of cloud services that lasts three to five years, as you move someone to application to a private club for the most part is a lot of what we are looking at. In creating – the companies creating their own private cloud is just a big deal.Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company: But I guess that what you are saying is that more companies are still focused on that area to drive costs out and a little bit is more on the strategic side.
Bill Green: Yes, I know. I think it’s like people getting their minds around us. Right? And so they are getting started, and they are starting by evaluating what they have, and they are looking at the near-term improvements. Right? The short-term quick-hit things, virtualization is something that many companies could be taken more advantage of them than they are. And so we are helping a lot of them with that. From that work we’ll lead people to a strategy that says, “What is my go-forward platform environment look like?” and that comes with having to call all the applications move here, which is a bigger bite and obviously something that you got to go to the big table to get the money.Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company: Great. Thank you, guys. Have a great day.
Bill Green: Okay, thanks. Let me just say a couple of things in closing, if I might. I am incredibly pleased with our performance in the second quarter. Just as important, I’m excited about the science, a positive momentum we are seeing in the market, and in our business. I do want to thank that more than 181,000 men and women of Accenture whose hard work and dedication is what enables us to deliver value, both to our clients and our shareholders alike, I appreciate all of you joining the call. We appreciate your continued support and very much look forward to talking with many of you in person that our investor and analyst conference. And of course, we will speak again in June with our Q3 earnings call. All the best. Thank you.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill. As a reminder, each quarter we provide an outlook for the next quarter’s revenue and an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. As I mentioned in the last two quarters, we knew that the first half of fiscal 2010 will be challenging year-on-year, given the 6% local currency revenue growth in the first half of fiscal ‘09. With the first half of fiscal 2010 now behind us, we believe we have turned the corner, but remain cautious about the pace of the upturn, given continued economic uncertainty around the world. For the third quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $5.5 billion to $5.7 billion, which assumes the foreign exchange uplift of approximately 5% for the quarter. This range reflects the rates over the past two weeks. Turning to the full fiscal year, we are assuming a foreign exchange impact of positive 3% for the full fiscal year, which has trended down from the positive 5% assumption we provided last quarter. For revenue, we see improving demand for our services and good future business taking shape. Based on our year-to-date results and the outlook just provided for Q3, we now expect our fiscal year 2010 revenue to be at the low end of our guided range of a 3% decline to a 1% increase in local currency. We continue to expect new bookings for the fiscal year to land in the range of $23 billion to $26 billion, even with the additional 2% foreign exchange headwind. We continue to expect operating margin to be 13.4%. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter, as we’ve seen in the past. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in a range of 30% to 32%. We are updating our outlook for earnings per share only to reflect the new foreign exchange assumption. We now therefore expect EPS for the full fiscal year to be in a range of $2.61 to $2.69, a decrease of $0.06. Finally, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion, property and equipment additions to be $290 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. In closing, we see an improving demand environment. Demand patterns have changed a lot, we have responded, and our business is poised for growth. We remain fully focused on revenue growth, earnings, and the generation of strong cash flow with the objective of returning a substantial portion of that cash to shareholders. We look forward to sharing more with you at our investor and analyst day in two weeks. Richard, let’s take some questions.
Pamela Craig: You will never give up, neither will I. The – we have guided 13.4% for this year. We are sticking to that. That’s with the investments we are making in the business in terms of the training and the hiring on the investments in our offerings. And I think that given that when we originally put together our revenue plan and we provided that original guidance of negative three to positive one, we did expect that we would be hiring that. And I think the fact that we have maintained on that margins well and expect to continue to do so is a good statement. So that’s where we are with margins. Like you, I’ll never give up. But that’s where we are for this year.
Pamela Craig: Well, I mean, it’s been going on for some time. I would say that we are further along in the outsourcing than we are in system integration. We do see more interest in the system integration area from our clients in being willing to do more work remotely, which is good. So we do expect that will continue for some more time, say, in medium term.
Pamela Craig: In the high value consulting, management consulting, technology consulting, the pricing is really very stable. And we did take a hard look at that, as we were looking at the quarter. Meaning, the system integration business, as we just talked about, with the shift offshore, that means lower costs and therefore lower prices. And the key there, I think, is to be very proactive about how we are managing that, as Bill mentioned, and to maintain margins.
Pamela Craig: Hey, Karl. I don’t think it really is different from last quarter. I mean, last quarter, I saw a tilting there and really see it coming out at about the same place at this point above the bottom, but tilted towards the lower end.
Pamela Craig: Well, I think it’s fair to say, Rod, at least for me being a sort of conservative one on the phone here is that I do still have some caution about pace. And that is reflected in there. And – because you’re right. The February bookings, when you took into account – sorry, revenue, when you took into account foreign exchange, it was near the top end of the range. And I think our people still have a little caution in there. Right? There is still uncertainty out there. It is moderating, I would say. But it’s still out there. But I think that is in the mix, but we looked at this six ways to Sunday, and we really tried to just call it as we see it in terms of where we believe it will come out this year.
Pamela Craig: One of the things we did see this quarter, Rod, is that transformation as a concept has not gone, and we just see that it is being ranged in smaller chunks and we did see sort of an uptick in transformational components of the strategy work that returned in management consulting. And those management consulting, technology consulting, the higher value consulting area, the average contract sizes were up a bit this quarter, outsourcing more steady.
Pamela Craig: One notable thing about the outsourcing pipeline is the infrastructure outsourcing, which is part of technology outsourcing, of course, that part of our pipeline is up the most. It’s up quite significantly.
Pamela Craig: Positive 2% to 6% in Q3, as you just calculated. That’s right. And the control thing will be – we believe will be higher than the outsourcing in that mix.
Pamela Craig: The consulting more in low-to-high positive single digits and outsourcing more flat to mid positive single digits.
Pamela Craig: Yes, you know – I mean, last year, as you know, we brought 50 basis points in – after you took out the restructuring charge. And of course that’s the level that we said we maintained this year. And I think from where I sit, I just want them to be sustainable. I want what we delivered there to be something that we can sustain and deliver and build from over time. And this is a time of renewal, and rebuilding of our business. We do need to invest in our business. And there is still uncertainty out there in some of these dynamics. And so we just thought this is the responsible level to do for this year. Now in terms of next year, we will update you in September, I guess, when we do our guidance for next year. I mean, it’s obviously always a mix, right? Because we know it’s important, but we are just trying to balance everything and really just get to all the levers that we have for operating margin and continue to push on them and see what we can do.
Pamela Craig: Just one other comment on Asia-Pac, Julio, I mean, with the (inaudible) sort of going into the decline, it was maybe the countries you would expect; Japan, Australia. But we do expect that they will prop up faster, and there is good growth in the more emerging kind of countries in Asia-Pacific.
Pamela Craig: Well, needless to say, Julio, I mean, it’s always a little easier halfway through than when you start just in terms of visibility. And the visibility has improved a little, which – and certainly in terms of near-term visibility, it’s better than it has been. So I mean, we are more confident about it. And again, the pipeline is up, the bookings are up, so the pieces that we look at to project that or indicating that we are confident about the range.
Pamela Craig: Yes. That’s what I was just going to mention is that it’s not unusual when things turn out to have it pop alone.
Pamela Craig: That’s currently happening in the higher value consulting really across the whole commercial client base around the world. And also interestingly, in system integration, I mean, there is very good demand for custom, as I mentioned, ERP and SAP as well. So even though the FI [ph] projects maybe are a little smaller now, there is a lot of them, and we’re responding to that.Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Thank you.
Pamela Craig: Yes. I mean, I would be glad to see the G&A coming down, so of course that’s the one that you most want to continue to try to manage down. I mean, I think in the sales and marketing side, we’ve put some emphasis on selling and spending money there, investing money there. And at least at this point, we are going to keep doing that.
Pamela Craig: Yes, it’s foreign exchange clearly. I mean, basically last year we had foreign exchange gains and this year we have 14.65 losses, and it’s driving the swing there this year.
Pamela Craig: That’s a big question. Does foreign exchange is a difficult thing to predict. I guess giving what your – given the implied guidance as you’ve sent up, Yes. We decided not to change that really, just in terms of what had had. We thought about because it did swing a little negative this quarter, we decided not to.
Pamela Craig: Well, I mean, buying patterns have changed due to growing uncertainty and challenges in the public sector around the world. And so we do expect that to continue sort of as we work through it. Now there is continued demand for health and human services type work, and also in our health segment, it’s different. We are expecting sequential growth to start. But in the public sector, there has definitely just been a change given all that’s happening with these kinds of organizations around the world.
