Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Fiscal '20 results demonstrate the relevance of our growth strategy, the resilience of our business and our people, our operational rigor and discipline, the power of the relationships we have with the world's leading companies and ecosystem partners and our ability to pivot rapidly to meet the needs of our clients and new ways of operating. Fiscal year '20 also demonstrated the unique advantages of our long track record of focusing on being a responsible business, from our commitment to inclusion and diversity that has helped make us an innovation-led company, to our focus on investing in our people and their skills, to the way we live our core values, all of which help make us the trusted partner that our clients have turned to in the face of the ongoing global health, economic and social crisis. And if there was ever any doubt, we clearly demonstrated that scale matters. We are unique in our industry for the scale of our digital, cloud and security capabilities, and for our leadership in all the services critical to building a company's digital core, transforming its operations, and accelerating growth with our four services of strategy and consulting, interactive, technology and operations, as well as our deep industry experience and data and artificial intelligence capabilities, and we are also unique in the scale we have with large client relationships and across 13 industry groups with a global footprint. This scale has been core to our resilience in the second half of FY '20. Let me share a few highlights. We are now approximately 70% in "the New"- digital, cloud, and security, just when the need for these services, already high, accelerated dramatically as a result of COVID-19. In fact, in FY '21, we will no longer measure "the New" as "the New" is now our core. And as of March 1, with the new growth model, we have embedded digital everywhere. We will continue to share color on our growth drivers, including cloud and security as we continue to invest in these large, high-growth market opportunities.  We ended FY '20 with 216 Diamond clients, which represent our largest client relationships, a net increase of 15 over the prior year. We transitioned seamlessly to our new growth model with a new global management committee to increase our agility in bringing together the power of our multiservice teams to our clients and to create greater opportunities for our people. And the new model and team successfully passed a challenging test, navigating the pandemic and emerging stronger. More on that later. We committed to stronger bookings in Q4, and we delivered with our second highest bookings ever in the fourth quarter, finishing the year with a record $50 billion of sales. In FY '20, we continued to increase our investments for the future at scale with $1.5 billion in acquisitions, $871 million in R&D in our assets, platforms and solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to over 7,900 and delivering a 6% increase in training hours for our 500,000 people, while reducing our training cost by 11% to $866 million due to our digital learning platforms. We are now 45% women, on track for our 2025 goal of a 50-50 gender balance. And this month, we announced ambitious new goals to increase our African-American and Black and Hispanic American and Latinx communities in the U.S. And despite the unprecedented uncertainty and volatility, with the pandemic declared only a few days before we had to give guidance for Q3, we called it like we saw it for each of Q3 and Q4 and delivered within our guidance. For the full year, we delivered either within or above our guided range and continued to deliver growth ahead of market modest margin expansion and record free cash flow. Our resilience begins with an exceptional leadership team and our incredibly talented and dedicated people. Before I turn over to KC, I want to thank each of them for what has truly been an exceptional year that we should all be proud of. KC, over to you.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Tien-Tsin, I think what's important -- so in other words, we're not over-indexed in strategy and consulting versus the rest of our business and industries, and so how it's kind of worked with sort of 20% in severe industries, et cetera. As I talked about last quarter, right, when you think about strategy and consulting, it's a huge differentiator in sort of these transformational deals, and I'll talk about that in a minute.  And then, as I said, the leading companies right now are very focused. So some of the smaller work that you would do to sort of incubate and to start doing things, companies are saying and we're telling companies, focus on the big rocks that you need to do, right. And so, what's playing out in the market isn't about sort of a weakness in strategy and consulting. It's a reflection of how our clients are thinking about their businesses and what they need. So, I'm actually quite pleased with how well strategy and consulting is holding up.  And the thing that's the most important is that this is how we're delivering 17 clients with over $100 million bookings, because each of these big transformations, like require this deep understanding of industry and functions. And you see that in other places.  For example, the Bank of England, we announced a deal there where we're helping them with their high-value payments infrastructure to support resilience and innovation, right. Digital payments and instant payments were huge before the crisis. As you know, it's changed dramatically. And because we understand the industry, we have cross-industry expertise in how digital payments are being used, right, as well as the understanding of data and the technology, those things come together to create this new system that improves resiliency, customer experience, access to data and end-to-end risk management. No one can do that, right, with all of those skills but [audio disturbance] anything? Maybe next question.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And Lisa, that's exactly what's happening. Because remember, before crisis, there was exponential technology change, right. I mean, just in January, we were talking about the big inflection point. Remember, it was back in 2013 that we first said every business is a digital business. So that was happening pre-COVID.  What COVID has done -- we thought it would take a decade. It's now shortened to what we think is more like five years. That's why we announced Accenture Cloud First last week, because we think this is right now the "once in a digital era" moment where we are rapidly moving to a complete replatforming of global business, right. It is hugely significant and that's why having invested since 2014 when we first created digital in these capabilities is what's helping us, as you say, do so well in this incredibly difficult challenging macro environment.
Julie Sweet: Yes, which means, of course, H1, we've still got the headwinds in terms of the compare. It's like the sunsets. But we're not saying, hey, but we're just going to get on. We're going to get an uplift.
Julie Sweet: It could be an upside, right, but just on the demand side, you do have it right, Ashwin, in that there's -- what's happening right now is you've got certain things we're doing immediately, and then you have these bigger conversations that we're doing. That's how you saw 17 clients last quarter. We're continuing to shape a lot of these bigger things.  If you take like supply chain, for example, with one client, they needed immediate forecasting help because it's a pharma client that had to get PPE. So we worked quickly with SAP to put an integrated business planning, help forecasting, decrease critical shortages, while we're talking about a broader transformation of supply chain.  Same thing for a leading health and personal care company. They needed a transportation management system, which we partnered with Blue Yonder to put in, to immediately address the issues about getting goods to different places. But we're talking about shaping an entire transformation of the supply chain to build in the resilience, get the data and the analytics, right.  And that's what we're doing kind of everywhere, where we have the agility to quickly -- and by the way, the critical ecosystem partnerships to do that while at the same time we're shaping the larger conversations. That's happening in cloud as well, right. That's why we're doing Accenture Cloud First. We're oftentimes doing some immediate things, but we're shaping these bigger transformations, working with the public hyperscalers on the hybrid cloud, working with the hyperscalers as well as the HPE, VMware, Red Hat, Ciscos of the world, who are incredibly important partners as we shape this.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Look, on the decision-making, what's happening is what you'd expect to happen, right. Everyone had to make really fast decisions in how to navigate the crisis. So there are some things that are happening at lightning speed, right. When you have to figure out your supply chain or get up on Teams fast, you do that. We've seen some acceleration in the transformation deals, right, because they're like, we got to move faster to kind of get to that. And you have other places where they slowed down things, clients where we had three things teed up, and they're like, let's do this one and then let's wait and see on these others.  And so I would just say it's very contextual right now and it varies also by industry. And of course, we're now going into kind of budgets for the end of the -- as you normally note, due in the fall season. So that will be -- and that will -- we'll see how that plays out as well.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And on remote -- on the work from home, right, that's -- I talked about the new reality, and we're going to be working differently, but it's going to be constantly evolving. So for example, we've got about 1,400 clients worldwide, where our people are back at the clients. We're encouraging our people to come into the offices with respect to doing collaboration. We're back to approving travel. Now it's massively restricted because you're not going to go to a place where you're quarantining. We've got some people who have childcare issues, who've got health issues, and that is the reality, right. And so we're going to continue to navigate that. And this, of course, is where we already were so remote that we're really good at being able to navigate that. But that's all about the new reality.
Julie Sweet: Great. So we're excited to turn the page and deliver for our clients, people, shareholders, ecosystem partners and communities in FY '21. We call this shared success, and it is a mindset we strive to live every day. Thank you to our people and leaders for how you come together to deliver on these commitments and shared success and a special thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well, everyone, and thank you for joining.
Kathleen McClure: Thanks, Tien-Tsin, for your question. So let me talk about what we see for growth in strategy and consulting, and then Julie can pass on some additional color. So first thing I would say is that when we look at strategy and consulting, we really do see that it's held up in this environment, because it really is critical to our differentiation in the places where our clients are continuing to invest. And if we look at the actual results, strategy and consulting, they came in really as we expected in Q4. And you're right, it does follow a very similar pattern from an industry perspective, Tien-Tsin, where we see pressure in strategy and consulting in the most highly impacted industries in the market.  Now in terms of the dynamics for growth, we see the same dynamics in the first quarter essentially that we're seeing from an industry perspective in strategy and consulting growth in the first quarter as we saw in the fourth quarter, and that should play out pretty similar in the first half. But we do see recovery and reconnecting with growth in the back half of the year. Let me just hand it over to Julie for some more comments.
Kathleen McClure: Yes. Let me cover the first question. In terms of the growth of "the New", so it did hold up very well, and it really came in as we had expected, right. So remember, "the New" now is 70% of our business. And when we talked about "the New" and you remember this well when we put this in, the point of it really was to make sure that we were resilient in the pace of change. And if you go through and look back at what we did in 2015, where it's 1/3 of the business, it's now 70% of our business. And that really has provided us with a position of strength in which we were able then to -- when we talked about our new growth model in March 1, that we embedded digital everywhere. So that's all now the core of our business. So we did come in where we expected it to be. And overall, we feel very good about our positioning in "the New."  So on the second question around how are things kind of bleeding into -- I think your question is more, how are bookings bleeding into our revenue? So let me just cover that in terms of maybe, first, looking at our bookings in terms of the mix. So if you look at the mix of what we're selling, which was very strong in the fourth quarter, $14 billion of bookings, very strong in tech, very strong in operations and I mentioned lower bookings in strategy and consulting, which we expected. So given that the lower percentage of the mix of our bookings are strategy and consulting, and as you know, they tend to be shorter, the overall duration of our bookings are a little bit longer. So when you think about our revenue and when it's going to start coming into our bookings and when it's going to start coming into revenue, I think it's important to really take a look at what's been happening in our business since COVID hit.  So when we talked about our business as really impacted, and we hit our lows in April and May. And we were very pleased that in Q4, we improved from those lows, right? And we came in at where we expected within our guidance range. We also, Jason, have that 2% headwind from reimbursable revenues. So that also has a 3% impact in consulting. So that's also very unique and unusual to the situation.  And the third thing just to continue to remember is that dynamics that we saw, we talked in Q3, about the higher -- the more impacted industries being where we said, 20%, feeling a little bit more pressure on growth. That's going to play out very similar -- that played out very similar in Q4, and we see that playing out very similar in the beginning part of H1 in the year. But we will build back our business in Q1 to Q2 based on our guided range that we provided.  So just again, to be very clear, the guided range for Q1 of negative 3% to 0% implies stability from the growth that we -- the build back that we had in Q4, stability at the bottom end, and improvement at -- anywhere else in the range. And we continue to see that build happening in Q2 through the first half of the year.
Kathleen McClure: Yes. And let me just take, Bryan -- I'm going to just take your question, and I want to just talk about connecting the point of, okay, bookings and the top line revenue growth. So I talked a little bit about the duration when I was talking with Jason on his question. So let me round it out by just kind of stepping back and looking at how we see all of these bookings connecting to revenue growth.  So I did touch on already what happened in Q3 and how we -- the build back from April and May in Q4. And I've touched quite a bit on H1, how we see that playing out, where we're going to continue to build back in our business. So you're going to see those bookings, Bryan, start coming back into Q1 and Q2. Although our growth rates are going to be in the similar range, we are building back our business.  But let me just talk a little bit about the second half, because it's going to get a little bit more to probably your question on bookings. So we do see a different growth dynamic in the second half of fiscal '21, and we expect to reconnect with higher growth. And when we say higher growth, at the bottom end of our range, that's high single digits. At the top end, it's low double digits. And there are really 4 main drivers that we see for connecting with this higher-level growth in the back half.  So the first assumption that we have is we do expect some improvement in the macroeconomic environment, which doesn't -- so we don't assume another macroeconomic shock. The second thing that we see, and this gets to your question is, we will see more of the benefit from the significant transformation deals that we sold over the last few quarters in the back half of the year. But then the third point is, at the same time, that's when we expect strategy in consulting to reconnect with growth. And I think Julie gave just terrific color on why it is that we see that coming back in the second half. And then the fourth point is that we will have in the back half of the year, as all of you know, the benefit of an easier compare.  And with that, I just want to point out a couple of things. We're going to anniversary the reimbursable revenue headwind. So that's been 2% in the first half of the year. But not only will we anniversary that, but we have adjusted to this new reality of less travel as have our clients. So of course, we are meeting with clients, and, yes, we are returning to some client sites, but our H2 revenue assumption does not include a significant increase in travel.  So along with a 2% inorganic contribution for the year, which aligns to about $1.7 billion acquisition spend, that gives you kind of the full picture of how we shaped our guidance, how the bookings are going to come in, when they're going to come in and drive our top line growth. And based on the current environment, while I want to continue to say for quarter one and for the full fiscal '21, that all of our ranges in play, we will connect with strong level of growth in H2. So you can consider that if you look at the impact of this, and Julie talked about turning the page, the pandemic, it was really an H2 of FY '20 impact on our business. We're building back up in H1 of fiscal year '21. And we're going to connect with growth that we believe is a strong level of growth, as characterized by at least high single digits in the second half of the year, which is implied in the low end of our guidance.
Kathleen McClure: Yes. So let me take just the last question and a point on the first question, then hand it over to Julie. So maybe Ashwin, a point on your first question, so let me talk about how we see demand in terms of our pipeline and bookings in FY '21. So we have a strong pipeline coming into the year, even after doing the $14 billion of bookings in Q4. And just as we look at how that's going to play out over the year, we do see Q1 being a little bit lighter and building throughout the year, which is our typical pattern.  And then on the last point, what I would say is, I just want to be clear on the assumption that I have made on what we have in revenue in the back half of the year. We've been talking about this revenue headwind from travel. So I just wanted to be really clear about the assumption that I'm making in revenue that we are not assuming an uplift in the back half of the year.
Kathleen McClure: Yes. So thanks for the question on free cash flow. You're right, I mean we had record free cash flow of $7.6 billion in the year, and it surpassed even our expectations for the year. And why is that? Really, it's due to just stellar billing and collections this year. So you know we have industry-leading DSO, right. You know us well. So we're usually either around 40 days, 41 days. We closed at 35 days, right, so -- which is we haven't seen those levels since fiscal 2015. And we did all that during liquidity crisis, during a pandemic, right. So I think it's just very impressive. And it just goes to the rigor and discipline that our team has and how we run the business. And that was a 1.5 free cash flow to net income ratio.  So Ashwin, you're used to how we do guide free cash flow. You know how strong we perform. And it's typical for the bottom end of our range to be a decline. And what you see this year is that we have all of our ranges decline over what we did last year. And I just want to give you some just context in this.  As you know, when we go back to what is still industry-leading DSO, we've added at least five days to get back into 40 days of DSO. The way free cash flow works is it's that change of five days, and that's almost $1 billion, it's like $800 million plus of a change in free cash flow, just getting ourselves back to that level. So there's nothing other than just stellar free cash flow this year and going back to what is still superior cash management next year.
Kathleen McClure: So thanks for the question. So I'll just take the -- just clarify and confirm that for next year, we do have 2% inorganic revenue contribution factored into our guidance with up to $1.7 billion of spend. I'm not -- we won't -- don't guide into future years in terms of what we're going to do. But obviously, the D&A is a key part of our capital allocation. We have no planned changes at all to our capital allocation approach. And I'm going to hand it over to Julie to talk a little bit about any other color.
Kathleen McClure: Yes. So thanks for the question. So obviously, one of our key financial imperatives is to expand -- give modest margin expansion while investing at scale in our business and in our people. And we did this, you saw, Bryan, even in fiscal year '20 with lower ranges of revenue growth. And so we feel comfortable that we can continue to create the flexibility and the investment, to do our investments in talent, to do the investments in the business. Julie talked quite a bit about how excited we are in Cloud First. So I would say it's the normal rigor and discipline that we need to bring to our business, to create that margin capacity, to invest back while keeping within our 10 to 30 basis points of expansion.
