Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thank you everyone for joining us. We had another outstanding quarter reflecting our laser focus on creating 360 degree client value and the importance of our scale, experience, industry knowledge and trust to the world's leading companies and governments as they continue to digitally transform their enterprises.  We had a record 20 clients with bookings over $100 million and a total of $15.4 billion in bookings. We delivered 16% revenue growth in local currency, 3% above the top of our guided range with outstanding profitability and free cash flow. We estimate that we continue to take significant market share.  Our growth was broad based across geographic markets and industries with 11 out of 13 industries growing double digits this quarter and reflects our ability to bring together our unmatched breadth of services from strategy and consulting to interactive technology and operations to create the solutions which achieve the value and speed that makes a difference to our clients. We continue to meet our clients’ strong demand adding a net 32,000 talented people this quarter alone. We offer an employee value proposition that allows us to attract top talent, develop our people with world class training and provide them with vibrant career paths. We are pleased with our record 117,000 promotions year-to-date, including almost 1,200 promotions to Managing Director, and while delivering these results we have raised the bar again in terms of investment.  We now expect to invest about $4 billion in strategic acquisitions this fiscal year with 39 acquisitions closed or announced year-to-date. This includes announcing this quarter, two acquisitions with purchase prices over $1 billion each. The acquisition by Accenture Federal Services of Novetta in the U.S., an advanced analytics company which we expect to close in August, and with Umlaut, a world class engineering services company headquartered in Germany, which we expect to close in Q1. These 39 acquisitions are well balanced with 10 in North America, 17 in Europe, and 12 in growth markets.  Our level of investment demonstrates as well how scale, experience and trust matters. Scale, in terms of our financial capacity; experience, in terms of our track record of the successful integration of approximately 200 companies since 2013, and the trust we have earned in the market that attracts leading companies to want to join the Accenture family. We invest in acquisitions to scale in areas where we see a big market opportunity, to add skills and new capabilities and to further deepen our industry and functional expertise, all to drive continued innovation and the next waves of growth.  Finally, because we believe strongly in our commitment to share its success with our communities, we recently announced that we would donate $100 for every one of our zen 540,000 employees or $54 million to urgently address the needs of our communities due to pandemic, including $25 million for India.  KC, over to you. 
Julie Sweet: Sure Lisa. And well, so we've always said we have the capacity to do larger acquisitions, but we’re very disciplined about what we will acquire, and so these were you know opportunities that were very aligned to our strategic priorities.  So you know Novetta being both, investment and public sector, but primarily all about you know advanced analytics, machine learning, cyber and cloud engineering, and also importantly diversification for our federal business, because they are in the national intelligence space and Umlaut is in engineering, which was just an opportunity as a company that we know very well, that really is giving us an opportunity to accelerate our scale in Industry X and we've seen the digitization of manufacturing and engineering be a major priority post COVID.  Now we've been investing for nearly a decade in this space. We predicted this would happen. As you can see by the number, the amount of work that we're already doing, and this was a great opportunity for a company that we know well, and you know our strategy continues to be – we're going to make acquisitions to scale and big market opportunities to add new skills and opportunities as you know that we built a lot of interactive through acquisitions, for example those renewed skills and capabilities, and then to deepen industry and functional knowledge.  And so this is the continuation of that and you know I think the advantage we have is our financial capacity to make investments and to increase our investment you know for the benefit of our clients and all of our stakeholders when we see the right opportunities and we’re going to continue to have that discipline around making strategic acquisitions. 
Julie Sweet: Yes, so Ashwin it’s a great question around you know managing our business and so I want to just take you all back to right before the pandemic. I remember back then and on March 1 we put in a new growth model we call the nextgen growth model and that was designed for helping us manage our business as we saw the scale increasing, right, and that change in growth model was focused on being able to have more of our leaders closer to our clients, we changed the P&L as you recall to the geographic.  And so we’ve already put in place a model that is designed to allow us to continue to scale, and so this for us was anticipated, and it’s exciting to see how we are very uniquely positioned as our clients’ needs have accelerated, because that’s what’s driving the demand right. The needs of our clients have accelerated post-COVID to do compressed transformation, and we have the right operating model in place.  As we think about attrition, you now it’s ticked up to pre-COVID levels in a hot market although not the highest we’ve ever seen, and so as you said it’s an industry phenomenon, we are comfortable – I mean our core competency is about managing our supply and demand, but more importantly our core competency is being a great company to work for. And as you saw with our numbers this quarter, we hired net 32,000 incredible people and that is just a testimony to our ability to attract great talent, as well as continue to train our people. We’ve trained over 100,000 people since the pandemic started, pivoting to the areas of our clients’ needs.  So we feel good about it, and of course this is what you expect from us, so we’ll continuously improve. 
Julie Sweet: Well the sort of big picture, we believe that the digital engineering and manufacturing space is the next frontier for our clients, right. There’s been a lot and there’s still a lot to do with respect to the front office and the back office for lack of a better term, that you know our clients are building a digital core, they’re transforming operations and they’re trying to find new ways of growth. But the areas that have been not as digitized over the last several years as companies have pivoted, has been in core operations, manufacturing and supply chain.  Now we predicted this just as we predicted back in 2013, that someday everybody would be a digital business, and so we’ve been investing. We’ve already made, I don’t know, seven, eight, nine acquisitions over the last several years to build these capabilities, and you saw that with all the examples that we did in the script. And so this is about rapidly scaling with some of the best engineers in the world, right, because we see the market opportunity, but most importantly the need from our clients, and so you should expect that will continue to build these both organically and inorganically, but obviously this is a great add in terms of scale for us. 
Julie Sweet: Yeah, I mean I think the way to think about it is that we’re taking market share and we are really well positioned to capture the growth that’s available because of the needs of our clients. And so you’re obviously seeing that uptick in organic growth and we think this will be sustained demand. I think it’s too early and we’re not going to kind of get back into sort of giving sort of a view of FY‘22, but what we would say is we do believe that what you’re seeing right now in demand isn’t just like you know a recovery because spending decreased, but actually sustained demand and that we are incredibly well positioned to capture that, because clients are looking for outcomes and the breadth of our services.  You know they’re turning to us because we can give them solutions, not just individual services. They want the innovation that we’re bringing; you know the things like our SynOps platform. They are very appreciative and focused on the fact that we care about the 360 degree value, so that we’re helping improve their own skills, as well as achieving their goals and finally, you know and I think something that is really critical right now and why we are so well positioned is they see it’s a company that creates value and leads with values.  And so trust really matters when you are doing major transformation and you know I’ll give you one example. We’ve had over 80 clients in the last 12 months just come and sit down with us to learn more about our diversity supplier program, because it really matters to them and they see us as a leader, right. These are the things that make us an incredibly attractive and trusted partner. And so we think that you know this is really an enduring differentiation at a time when there is going to be subsisting demand for compressed transformation. 
Julie Sweet: Yes, Jason just in terms of how we think about the fourth quarter. I mean so obviously we’ve had $44 billion of booking year-to-date and even with that, we still have a strong pipeline and we feel good about our position for Q4 as it relates to bookings. And in terms of what did better, you know as I mentioned earlier, it really was broad based, every part of our business did a bit better. 
Julie Sweet: I mean there is nothing material. I mean like think about the public sector for example. We did a lot of COVID surge work, but now you’ve got the fiscal stimulus that’s around the world and you see the digitization of the public sector like we gave the example of concept in Italy. So there is nothing material that we think will be difficult to manage, because you’re seeing really, when you see that in the results, kind of across industries, there this need to digitize, so nothing material that we think to mention.
Julie Sweet: Yes, it’s a great question. It’s not so much about the size, it’s really about the intent. I mean what you’re seeing is clients really saying, in a world where I’ve got to digitize the entire enterprise, right, where do I want to focus my own resources and leadership and where can I leverage Accenture and their investments? And this is where we really got ahead of the market, right, where we developed SynOps and what we’re providing them is both cost efficiencies, but really outcomes of actual insights that come from being able to digitize. And then you add on top of that, where we have more clients thinking about having us takeover, we have a strong pipeline and you know taking over more people, because we have such a great employee value proposition and so they’re starting – you know when we think about the future of work, think about it, we’re seeing more of our clients really see it as a combination of their own employees automation or bots, and then partners like Accenture that really integrate with their own employees and we’re just a leader here. And so it’s more about the trends of the need to digitize that is what you’re seeing reflected, digitized at speed.
Julie Sweet: And Bryan as a reminder, because I remind you all every single quarter, right, clients aren’t focused on is it strategy and consulting or technology or operations. They are looking for outcomes and what makes us so unique is that all of these things, whether it’s Cloud or Intelligent Operations or marketing transformation bring together our services and with more confidence and certainty and that’s really how we think about it.
Julie Sweet: I mean, you should all just think about this as we’re going to deliver on our commitments and we are investing to drive the next waves of growth and we are taking advantage of our ability to do so in this market.
Julie Sweet: Great, Tien-tsin. Okay, in closing, we really appreciate everyone joining us today. We believe that we are unique because of both what we do and how we do it and we are a company that as I’ve shared before, creates value and leads with values. I want to thank all of our people and our leaders for what you’re doing every day. And finally, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We will make sure to earn it every day. Be well.
KC McClure: Okay, great, thanks Lisa. So let me just decompose bookings a little bit. So we were really pleased with our bookings this quarter right, $15.4 billion, and again that grew 39% in U.S. dollars, really strong book-to-bill 1.2%. And in terms of – when you look at it, there was very strong bookings in both consulting and outsourcing, as well as all three geographic markets. And if you look at specifically in our V&A, which also was represented across all of those dimensions, there will be a slight impact in the bookings based on the backlog that we bring in from these acquisitions, but it's not overall significant. But let me just peel it back in terms of when you look underneath that 15.4, I’d say there's really kind of three things I’d point out. First was that there was really a good mix of all categories of our sales. As Julie mentioned, we had a record 20 clients, over $100 million of sales and that as you know positions us really well for the future. But if you go all the way down through the categories, all the way through our smaller deals, they’ve represented very well and that can help us with revenue in the current quarter.  The second thing that I would point out is that our bookings were very broad based across all of our services, and that include strategy and consulting. And the third thing was that it was aligned to our strategic priorities as we pointed out, you know driven by cloud industry [accent] (ph) security for example. So you know with those points I'll hand it back to you to ask the second question or if there's any other color that you want.
KC McClure: Yeah, Ashwin I’ll take this and maybe I'll frame up a few things for you and hand it over to Julie as well. So let me just maybe frame up how we’re thinking about you mentioned the demands you know in overall business and thinking about the quarter and our year-to-date from a financial perspective. You know these results are really exceptional when you think about it in the context of our historical performance, so I’ll start there. I mean clearly we’re benefiting from an easier compare in a strong market demand and we see that continuing, but even with that bookings at $44 billion growing 25% year-to-date and that’s off the base of record sales through Q3 last year. And then you couple that with 54 clients with bookings over $100 million through Q3, which is more in the first nine months of this year, than the whole of last year ‘20, FY‘20 and FY‘19 and I mention that as you talk about things in different ways, you may need to manage differently just to talk about the scale in our bookings. As we look at the scale in revenue, we grew record $2.3 billion in revenue this quarter year-over-year. When you think about our industries, where we’re clearly the leader with the breadth and depth of industries, with 11 of the 13 growing double digits and as I mentioned before in our guidance, the increase in our full year outlook, it's driven by organic revenue given that inorganic is contribution staying pretty much the same.  And then you end that all with profitability of 40 basis points expansion this quarter. We had very strong profitability and we're no longer benefiting from a travel tailwind and we continue to invest at scale in our business and our people. So you know with that, let me hand it over more to Julie to round out some of the question you had on demand and attrition.
KC McClure: Yes, thanks Rod. So I mean, let’s start with the second one first. So yes, in terms of for the people side of it, obviously there’s a lot of demand in the market. We’re in a hot market right now and historically we’ve seen wages increase and that vary by skills and geographies and that’s happening now, but you see that Rod flowing through our results already to-date and through our guidance.  So it’s really up to us to manage our business with rigor discipline as we always do, you know us well, you know managing our pyramid, increasing the use of automation and just overall delivery efficiencies. So that’s the first part on wages as it relates to operating margin.  And just coming back to the same point on V&A, so let me just give you a little bit more color on V&A coupled with what I talked about a little bit earlier and of course, I’m not going to give any specific guidance for FY ‘22 until September. But we do expect to have a higher level of inorganic contribution next year, probably around something closer to 4% and that’s really due to the fact that we’re deploying about $4 billion in FY ‘21, a larger portion that’s closer to the later part of the year, and we expect to benefit from more of that revenue in FY ‘22.  We also expect at this time to deploy somewhere around $4 billion in FY ‘22, that’s including Umlaut, which we expect to close next year, early in the year. And of course as Julie said, we’ve always said we have the ability to do more, but that’s our line of sight today, and it’s up to us to manage our, to all the levers that we have in our disposal, to continue within the premise of clients and our overhead and structural costs, to make sure that we continue to drive modest margin expansion while investing at scale in our business and our people.
KC McClure: Yes, so let me talk to you a little bit about what we’re seeing in terms of pricing overall. So just importantly, as a reminder, we talked about pricing. We define it as the contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell Bryan. And as always the environment remains competitive, and in many areas of our business we did see pricing was lower and that’s really based on a combination of the fact that the market is competitive and disciplined investments that we’re making, and so all of that is baked into our operating margin guidance for the year.
KC McClure: Yes. Hey, Bryan. Thanks for the question. You’re right, we were very pleased with the acceleration to high single-digits in the quarter in strategy consulting, which is what we expected. In terms of how we look at just consulting overall type of work go forward, we see it being strong double-digit for the fourth quarter and the second half of the year that would mean we round up really kind of at a strong double-digit growth perspective.
KC McClure: Obviously, we’ll give you – I’ll give you specifics in September Bryan for next year, but overall our capital allocation framework really remains intact.
KC McClure: Yes. Hey Tien-tsin, we still have a strong pipeline overall and that includes in the large deal category.
KC McClure: Yes. So yes, we want to – so what I did say is that we do expect inorganic contribution next year about 4% and our line of sight now is about $4 billion of capital spend next year ‘22, but we expect modest margin expansion to continue in ‘22.
