Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie and thank you to everyone joining today and thank you to our 738,000 people around the globe for your incredible work and commitment to our clients, which has resulted in our delivering another strong quarter of financial results and the broader 360-degree value we continue to create for all our stakeholders. Let me share a few highlights of value we created in our continued disciplined execution. I am very pleased with our record bookings for Q2 at $22.1 billion, our highest ever including 35 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million, our second highest quarter on record for such bookings, representing the continued trust that our clients have in us. We delivered revenues of $15.8 billion, representing 9% growth in local currency, bringing us to $31.6 billion of revenue at 12% growth through H1 and we continued gaining market share, growing approximately 2x the market. We continued our inorganic investments with six acquisitions in strategic areas, including cloud with the acquisition of SKS in Europe, which will expand our specialized technology consulting and regulatory capabilities, enabling us to better serve our financial services clients; security with the acquisition of Morphus in Brazil, a cyber defense risk management, cyber threat intelligence service provider; and supply chain with the acquisition of Inspirage in the U.S., which will enhance our technology capabilities to accelerate innovation for clients through emerging technologies such as touchless supply chain and digital twins. We also continued our investment in our people with 10.3 million training hours, a 12% increase year-over-year. We are optimizing our business to lower costs in fiscal year 2024 and beyond, while continuing to invest in our business and our people to capture the significant growth opportunities ahead. KC will be giving you more detail on these actions. Finally, we believe our focus on creating 360-degree value differentiates us in our market. We earned the number one position in our industry for the 10th year in a row and number 32 overall on Fortune’s list of the World’s Most Admired Companies. We ranked number one in our industry and number four overall on the JUST Capital list of America’s Most JUST Companies. And we have been recognized by Ethisphere as one of the world’s most ethical companies for the 16th year in a row. I am very pleased that our results demonstrate once again that our strategy to be the execution partner of choice for transformation, lead in the five forces and have a diverse business across markets, industries and services continues to allow us to lead and take market share. And in a world in which all strategies lead to technology, we have distinguished ourselves in our impact to the market. Over to you, KC.
Julie Sweet: And maybe just to add a little color. Look, as you can see in our bookings, there is just continued strong demand for the larger transformational deals, right? And the need to, in particular, build the digital core. And I’m personally working right now with clients across insurance, healthcare, consumer goods, banking and telecom, all of whom are very focused on how do we upgrade our – get rid of our technical debt, how do we build more resilience. They are trying to build digital products, but they have got really old systems. And so we remain in the early innings of building the kind of digital core that really need to transform every part of the enterprise. And so we continue to feel good, not just about our pipeline, but about the demand we’re seeing really rooted in our view that all companies are going to have to do total enterprise reinvention across the enterprise that it’s really a continuous cycle starting with a digital – a strong digital core. And there is a lot of work to do on building those cores out.
Julie Sweet: Well, let me just start with the type of projects. I mean what we’ve been seeing over the last several quarters is just a laser focus on cost, right? So most programs, clients want to see a shorter return on investments, right, more focused on cost. They love cost and growth, but it has to be, in most cases, a shorter return on the investment. At the same time, it’s important that not all industries are in the same place, right? So if you’ve got industries like, say, in the high-tech area, and some spots on retail, for example, cost optimization is very dominant, right? If you have – you’ve got some of the other less affected industries, say, insurance, energy, it’s – everyone wants to be more resilient and lower cost. But they are really trying to deal with their technical debt, they are thinking about growth, how do you reimagine the customer experience. And so I would say a common theme is that in this kind of an environment, everyone does want to be optimizing costs, but where they are focusing is different by industry is what I would say first. And then just to your first part of your question about are you seeing changes in decision making and I’d let KC talk to you about the yields in our pipeline because you all saw, in general, seeing a trend toward these larger deals. So there is – and we talked about this in the last couple of quarters, we’re seeing less of the smaller deals in SMC and to some extent, SI, particularly in North America, where we’re seeing more caution. North America had record sales this quarter. But in areas tending towards the bigger transformational deals, not the smaller SNC and to some extent, SI deals. And those – that transformational pipeline, which is our strategy, right, like if you think about it, what have we been trying to drive for the last few years? We want to be at the center of our clients’ business, we want to be able to be relevant, really help them transform and then be well positioned to continue to be that partner. And I would just say, Enel in my script, is a great example of that. I mean they are hugely innovative utility. They were very early in cloud. We help them get to the cloud. And now they are modernizing and once again being super innovative. That’s exactly the way we want to work with our clients, be their core and then be there for their next big transformation. Maybe, KC, if you want to just comment on the yields real quick.
Julie Sweet: Yes. That’s primarily happening in North America where we’ve got comms and media and high-tech are more challenged, cutting back spending for sort of obvious reasons. And then our software and platforms business, which has been really a strong business for us for the last few years has – it’s still slightly positive, but has come down a lot, and I think for kind of obvious reasons that we’re all reading in the press. And so we do think this will last for a bit of time as you look at sort of some of the ways they are approaching spending in that. And – but it will eventually come back, and these are great companies. And we’re helping them in many places, but their spending is just lower right now. So that’s – I think long-term, we’re very positive. These are all great companies. And this why it’s so great that we’re diverse, right, that we serve so many and not just diversity in industries but in markets because you’re seeing a different picture, for example, in comms and media in Europe, where it was growing double digits last quarter in growth markets where it was positive. So the diversity of our business really plays to our strength and why we’re continuing to deliver strong financial results.
Julie Sweet: No. I mean the actions, I can just kind of reground you on like what we’ve been saying, right, which is we’ve been achieving hypergrowth and there is been wage inflation like none of us have ever experienced and it’s compounding. And we’ve been addressing that through a combination of improved pricing, cost efficiencies, and so this is really us taking a step back and being able to more structurally address the impact of compounding wage inflation. So it’s a real positive for how we’re moving forward. And think of it as really being – creating more room in the P&L so that when you think about our enduring shareholder value proposition is we still expect next year to grow faster than the market. We expect to invest at scale in our business, to deliver 10 to 30 basis point margin expansion on an adjusted basis, to have a disciplined capital allocation, including a meaningful return to our shareholders. So that is a commitment – this is an offensive mood to say, yes, today, we’ve got great demand, we’ve got great utilization, and we can take out more structural costs to put us in a better position as we move forward.
Julie Sweet: Sure. In fact, I was just at a client this week where we are helping them really transform their whole IT department. And one of the things they want from us is our myWizard platform, which is a great way of explaining how over the last several years, we have built a platform that integrates the best-in-class technology. So, we didn’t write our own code, right. We use the best technologies. And the way it uses AI, for example, is that when a ticket comes in to address something, an IT issue, AI looks at it, identifies whether or not it’s been a problem solved before, in some cases, can solve the problem, in other cases, routes it to the right people. And then it learns from every ticket. So, in the past, when we have talked about – with you about why is it – how do you think about revenue and people, we said, look, we have already been breaking that for years now because we are using so much technology and AI in how we are delivering all of our technology jobs. The same thing is true, for example, with testing, which is incredibly automated, using different technology, including AI. We are continuing to use AI in the way we run our business, for example, in how we look at our accounts payable and receivables and finding ways where we can optimate to have better efficiencies there. We are using it today in the way we are delivering our consulting services as well and definitely very much so in how we look at sales and being able to predict based on lots of factors. Should we be running after the sale or not, or can we show the data that these – this is not the right kind of sale, we are not the right fit. So, we have increasingly been using AI, both in how we deliver services as well as in how we run ourselves. Of course, our SynOps platform for operations is also AI-enabled. It’s one of the reasons why clients turn to us because it’s helping them digitize faster. They are not having to build these things. So, long-term, we see these technology changes, things like generative AI is playing to our strengths because to use these technologies, it requires deep understanding of the industry, the use cases, the process changes. When people talk about the new kinds of generative AI, which we are super excited about, being like a co-pilot to human beings, the entire process has to be changed in order to make that work. You have got to up-skill the people and you have to be able to do all of that in a very responsible way. So, we are already working with. There has been a lot of demand to understand this. And in understanding it, understanding actually how hard it is to be able to implement at scale in an enterprise versus, I am assuming you are – we are all having fun playing with it, but how you build that into an enterprise is very different and a great opportunity, and we are partnering with all the major players to help them take the technology go from technology to implementation to impact.
Julie Sweet: Sure. As a client base, we skew towards the larger banks across all of the markets. So, we don’t comment on individual clients, but we don’t have any big exposure to kind of the smaller regional banks and in general. So, as you sort of think about the stepping brake, obviously, the developments on the banks for the – are still early in the last couple of weeks. So, as I talk about demand trends for our clients, which are generally the bigger banks, a couple of things really stand out. So, first of all, there is a lot of focus on their technical debt, because the banks, a lot of them are still in the mainframe. Our mainframe practice really across industry has growing like gangbusters right now as clients across the industry are really having to take on some of that harder technical debt, which they need to do because the more and more they digitize their services, which is a continuing trend in financial services, if the systems behind it aren’t agile, then it can take a lot of time to introduce new services. You have got to – oftentimes, we will have multiple systems. You will have to test things. You can’t go as fast. And so the banks are kind of reaching their limits in terms of what they can do without touching their core. So, we expect the sort of addressing the core to be a really important driver. We are seeing, in asset management, more and more views – more and more companies in asset management, really digitizing. They had been kind of slower behind the banks. And then insurance, we are working with leading insurers across the world who not only are kind of trying to catch up because banking was ahead of insurance, but finding sort of new and exciting opportunities on how to use data, in particular, to grow their business, how to transform their experience and claims. So, financial services which covers banking, capital markets and insurance, we continue to see as a vibrant area. Where things are slowing down a bit in the U.S. where we have been a big player is in integration. We will see that might pick up again. Let’s just see how all of this shakes out. But that has slowed down for a bit. Hopefully, that gives you some color.
Julie Sweet: Keep your model – to be clear, keep your model 10 basis point to 30 basis point adjusted margin expansion. We are going to invest in our business and we are going to grow faster than the market.
Julie Sweet: And I would just say, a lot of its mix, right. If you have longer transformational deals like the numbers of people that you need to drive are different. So, I wouldn’t say there is some big, wait a minute, we have got some new inflection point where you have disconnected more. As I talked about earlier, we have been disconnecting to some degree, for a while now, but there is no big change in that perspective. Just as we have executed our strategy. And I think it’s so important to understand that it has been a deliberate strategy to say we want to do transformational deals. We want to take our SNC people who have deep industry and functional knowledge, put them together with our technology people to do either big implementations, right, that are changing the digital core or transformations that are coupled with managed services and just how that works out. And so while we love when the economy is booming and SNC and the small deals are also booming, the strategy is to be at the core so that we continue – we help them with one big project, we understand their company and met it more. We take them on the next big project, and we are really getting that kind of stickiness in our relationships. And so we will kind of deal with the sort of softness in the smaller deals. But over time, this is exactly what we want to do. And in fact, if you think about this year, consulting – last quarter, we thought consulting this year would be mid-single digits to high-single digits. We now see it as mid-single digits for the year, and we are fine with that, right, because that’s about kind of lower SNC and SI smaller deals. North America in December, we thought it was going to be mid-single to high-single digits. We now see that as the mid-single digits for the year. Again, it’s because sort of the caution that’s impacting the smaller deals, record sales, great large transformational deals, and that’s just going to how it deals with. And that’s why, as KC said before, SNC, we are going to see a very similar performance next quarter probably, and it may take a little bit longer to reconnect with growth. But remember, we don’t look at that as separate. We see SNC as a competitive differentiator for these larger transformational deals, which is our strategy.
Julie Sweet: Look, it’s never say never I guess the economy slowing down and what we do it, but I really stay focused. We try to stay focused on our strategy being relevant across cycles, so – and basically growing stronger than the market. And so the market is still faster than market, it’s still kind of hovering around 5%. And so that’s what we kind of watch more than the economy because technology is so core to every strategy that when the economy goes down, what are you seeing, well, people are saying, we got to optimize. We have got a lower cost. We have got to do managed services. So, we watch more – the economy can kind of do an uplift, right. But what we are trying to always do is grow faster than the market. So, that’s the big indicator for us. And you see it’s a very strong market. And it makes sense. I mean I will just tell you like the amount of the just technical debt across these industries and how much work to do, we are still very much in early innings of what needs to be done to take advantage of cool things like generative AI. You got to have data.
Julie Sweet: Vendor consolidation is certainly a part of what’s going on in the market, but there are some industries that did that a long time ago in some clients. So, I am not – I don’t have the numbers off hand of what we have in our 35 clients. But I am not seeing that as sort of the big driver of our growth. Right now, we are often telling clients who like basically need to get revenue faster, but more – it’s interesting, the vendor consolidation for many of our clients is less about cost and more that a lot of the industries, like say, consumer goods, telecom where they have lots of different countries. It’s very hard to move to a platform business and sort of build things consistently if you have a ton of different vendors, right, because you want the stuff done in the same way. And so the – it’s interesting the vendor consolidation play for many is more about how do we actually implement a strategy of kind of moving to global platforms being able to have a single approach to data, super hard to do if you have got 50 vendors to 100 vendors. So, I would just say it’s tied to exactly the kind of strategies that we are advising clients on, but no big theme for us.
Julie Sweet: Thank you. So, in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support in all our people for what you are doing for our clients and for each other every day. Thanks everyone for joining.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. So we do feel good about our pipeline even after our record bookings this quarter. And our sales outlook for the next quarter, Q3 is solid. We expect to have slightly lighter bookings than what we’ve had compared to the record quarter that we just had.
KC McClure: Yes. So just let me answer the last part first, is you should view this as creating the room in our P&L to ensure that we can continue to deliver on that enduring shareholder value model, including the 10 to 30 basis points, which for a short period of time will be on an adjusted basis. So – and as you think about it, it is – I like that, is it offense or defense. It is offensive. I mean if you look at where we are today, right, we’ve got record bookings, a strong quarter of – strong view of the year, 8% to 10%, 91% chargeability. We’re going after structural cost, right, to ensure that we’re in a better position. As you know, we’ve been dealing with the difficult challenges of compounding wage inflation. And we’ve been doing that with pricing, but we’ve also been doing that with cost efficiencies and digitizing. And we have identified an opportunity to go after more structural costs to kind of create that resilience and that room in the P&L as we look forward. So very much in our view, getting ahead of and dealing with these structural issues that have been created over the last couple of years.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. No problem. So when we – let me focus really on consulting bookings because it is important to understand the impact of F&C and our consulting bookings and also how to what we’re doing in our larger transformation deals because they do convert to revenue at a slower pace. So as I mentioned in my script, I was very pleased with our SNC bookings and our overall consulting bookings, which were very close to the record that we had last year. And SNC participates, and is a critical part of winning the larger deals, which we have 35 clients over $100 million. And so what you’ll see is in SNC, you may see a conversion that’s a little bit slower than we typically have because we still do have some pressure in our smaller deals, particularly in North America. And so maybe I’ll just – how does that all work in terms of yield then? What that means for next quarter? As we look at SNC, I mentioned that we had a modest decline, a decline in mid-single digits this quarter. We think we will be in the same zone overall in Q3, and we’re going to look to reconnect with SNC growth in Q4. It may take us a little bit more time than that. But I just want to make that connection to your question as it relates to our very strong consulting bookings in SNC. They were definitely part of that discussion and clearly part of that the reason why we are able to get the 35 clients in a $100 million, but you will see that come into our P&L at a little bit slower conversion.
KC McClure: So I’ll just maybe reiterate the contribution for the year. So we now see inorganic contribution to be about 2%. And acquisitions can be lumpy. And we – as you know, we can’t always really control the timing, but there is no change to our strategy. In any given year, you’ll hear us kind of go up or down a bit on the percentage of contribution. No change.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. Thanks, Lisa. So maybe I’ll just first start with just looking back over the last two previous quarters. We added 28,000 people in the previous quarters. So let’s first start there. And you’re right, Lisa, when you take a look at what we were able to accomplish this quarter, first of all, we had record bookings. We drove 9% – 9.3% revenue growth, and we had 91% utilization of our people, right? So we have the skills and all the people we needed to deliver to the demand in the market. And if I look – answering your question, looking forward, we sequentially did not add headcount from Q1 to Q2. We see that being about the same in Q2 to Q3. And then looking forward, based on the outlook that we have now, we do see that we would add additional heads in the fourth quarter.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks Jason. I am not going to comment specifically on kind of individual breakout of the bookings. But maybe I will just reiterate what I mentioned to Tien-Tsin. So, we had record bookings this quarter. We do see that next quarter. We will have lighter bookings than what we had this quarter in terms of the record bookings. Overall, what you can see, Jason, you know us well, is that the mix right now is much more favored halfway through the year to managed services, all the reasons that Julie talked about. We were really pleased with consulting this quarter that did – we thought it was going to be strong, and it came in even stronger. And so that, we are very encouraged by that, and we do have a strong pipeline, and we continue to see solid bookings for Q3.
KC McClure: Thanks for the question. Let me just first start with FY ‘23. So, the actions that we are taking are not about FY ‘23. They are about FY ‘24 and beyond. So, in terms of what we will do with those savings, it really is going to depend, Jason, on how the market develops, the growth opportunities that we have next year. And as Julie said, the key part of what we are really focused on is just going to give us more room to continue to execute our enduring shareholder value proposition, what she mentioned. And I know you know that.
KC McClure: Yes. Maybe I will just talk a little bit about what you are seeing in terms of headcount, Darrin, and what we are recording in revenue in terms of how we are generating our revenue. And Julie, if you want to add in, you certainly can. But in terms of what you are seeing is we have been very focused on hiring, balancing our supply, demand to what we need to both sell and drive the revenue to meet our client demand and continue to take market share. And part of what you are seeing throughout the year is we have been continuing – you have heard us talk about us really focusing on continued strong pricing. Again, reminder, that when we talk about pricing, it’s the margin on the work that we sold. And that has been improving over the last five quarters. It’s not stable, which we are really happy with. And so some of that is part – there is a part of that that’s helping to drive our revenue production as well.
