Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie. And thank you everyone for joining. And thank you to our 710,000 people around the globe for their extraordinary work and commitment to our clients, which resulted in delivering another very strong quarter of financial results and creating significant 360 degree value beyond our financials for all our stakeholders. Here are a few highlights of the 360 degree value we created this quarter. Starting with our people, we continue to invest in their skills and they completed 10.6 million training hours, which averages to 16 hours per person this quarter. We are incredibly pleased to be recognized as a top 10 Great Place to Work for 2022 in countries representing 76% of our people, Argentina, Brazil, France, India, Japan, Mexico, the Philippines, UK and the United States. Specifically on the US list, we are particularly proud that Accenture jumped 38 spots in one year to rank number six. Overall, this is the 14th consecutive year that Accenture has been recognized by great place to work. Also a particular note in India, not only were we ranked number 10 by Great Place to Work, Business Today recognized Accenture in India as number four of the best companies to work for marking our 11th consecutive year on the list. All these recognitions reflect a tangible demonstration of our commitment to our people. The strong demand for our people and services and trust from our clients are once again seen in our strong bookings of $17 billion which represents 15% growth in local currency. Compressed transformation continues with another 18 clients with bookings over $100 million, bringing the total year-to-date to 74, which is 20 more than the same time last year. We had revenue growth of 27% in local currency, continuing to take significant market share growing nearly three times the market while delivering margin expansion of 10 basis points. Our ongoing investment in our communities was reflected this quarter, and how we are leveraging our expertise in digital learning and collaboration, partnering with UNICEF’s Generation Unlimited on the new passport to earning platform program to equip 10 million young people ages 15 to 24 with digital skills across 10 countries to prepare them for work. This program went live this quarter in India, the first and largest country of the 10. As always, well as always, we are staying close to our clients and our ecosystem partners to help them succeed today, and to anticipate the needs of the future. And our very strong financial results this quarter reinforced the trust our clients and partners have in our ability to do so. Over to you, KC.
Julie Sweet: So I think, Tien-Tsin, so we don't predict the macroeconomic. So what we do is really focused on what has helped us to be successful. And obviously, every financial situation is going to be different to pandemic, we don't know how this is going to be versus what was happening a decade ago. And so let me just focus on why we are in a strong position. And that is, first of all, what's driving today is total enterprise reinvention. And so that means companies are trying to transform using tech data and AI around the enterprise. And we've been investing for a decade to be in the position that were relevant to the enterprise. And so we can do everything as you saw in our examples from HR and finance to manufacturing, right to in the insurance industry, underwriting and claims, right, so and it's really the entire enterprise that we're relevant to, and that'll gives us a huge power to help our clients. And you see that's happening right now with the inflationary environment, you've got consumer goods companies focused very much on cost, as well as growth. And we're able to help them do both, right. And on the other hand, you've got, say the energy companies that have had a really rough cycle, who now have the ability to invest more continuing on their cost discipline, but trying to also drive their transition to clean energy right into advance their digitization. And so our diversity in both what we can do, and our diversity in industries, is extraordinarily helpful. And then as you think about why we're a leader today, I just want to sort of make sure people understand the power of the fact that we can do everything from strategy to consulting, to manage services. So if you just take a consumer goods company, one of the biggest areas of spend is in marketing. We have amazing strategists at Accenture, right. It's a huge group, it's really, really relevant. And what they bring is not simply here, let's go after your marketing spend that looks like the biggest spend, what they can say is, and let me explain to you that the trend is to digitize to use hubs to not be as geographic specific. And let me show you where we've actually executed that and are managing that service for some of the leading companies. That's what our strategists can uniquely bring. And we can talk to our clients and say, and we can either help you build the capability, or we can do it on your behalf because we can access the talent, we can move you more quickly. And so as we think about why are we strong today, and how do we deliver on our enduring shareholder value proposition and growing faster than market delivering large and expansive, returning to shareholders and delivering 360 degree value? It's really based on this unique set of capabilities, these very strong trusted relationships. And then, of course, all of this underpinned by technology, where we're a powerhouse and we are the leading partner of the largest and technology companies in the world. Operator, next question.
Julie Sweet: Yes, sure, Lisa. I mean, usually we see an uptick in attrition from Q2 to Q3. We actually also see seasonally another uptick in Q4, which we'll expect to see. So this is kind of in line with prior patterns. And again, it's primarily driven by India at the lower end of our pyramid, which is highly competitive. At the same time, we're able to hire for the demand we see. And so, and also, as we've commented before, our overall executive retention, which is the people who are driving our business every day, it continues to be high. So not a lot of change and these are really seasonal upticks.
Julie Sweet: So, I mean, at the core of our businesses, how we manage supply and demand, right, and so we're, our ability to, we do have high attrition, right? So our ability to not for example, when I say high attrition, meaning our industry has higher, high attrition, and so our ability to not hire to replace that attrition, right. So our core competency is managing supply and demand. And we have an ear to the ground with our clients, but we also have a lot of analytics around what we're seeing in open demand, what we're seeing in our pipeline. So we manage our business with great rigor and discipline, and we'll continue to do that throughout the cycle and of course, I just want to make sure we're not walking past an incredible quarter from revenue and a booking. And as KC said, we see continued strong demand going into the next quarter with another strong bookings quarter and another strong revenue quarter.
Julie Sweet: Sure. And so, first of all, as always, we call it like we see it. So today, we see strong demand and we're not seeing a change in decision making. What we are seeing is a shift depending and the industry and the market on what clients are asking for it. So for example, in the industry is like a consumer goods industry, you're seeing a lot more focused on costs than a year ago, right, with CEO saying, hey, Julie, I always used to talk to you about growth. Can we talk about growth and cost? Right, you're seeing more investment going into help me do more with less. And at the core of that is Cloud Data AI, you also see a big focus on can we go faster. And I was just meeting with a CEO last week who said, Julie, I just -- can you just look at our strategy? And are we being transformational enough, right? Are we challenging ourselves to go fast enough? And this is where the experience that we have of doing this particularly over the last two years where we saw this compressed transformation is so important. I was just speaking with an energy company last week, where they, like a lot of companies early on when digital transformation started, say, five, six years ago on the front office, they've been doing a bunch of experiments of digital twins around and they're saying to us, okay, Julie, help us understand where we're going to get the most value, but how do we scale and that's the unique combination we have of like, we can understand from a strategic perspective, where's the biggest value, but I can then take like, let me take you this company over here, different industry that's been doing digital twins that we've just been massively scaling over the 18 months, let's share with you the lessons learned on how to do that, because it is the next digital frontier, there isn't as much experience. And now we'll help you go faster. So the context is different depending on the industry. I mean every CEO is of course, focused on the macroeconomic, and people like to use that as a catalyst for doing some of the harder things around cutting costs. And what we do as Accenture because we can help on all aspects of that. We also can embed in a growth conversation. You saw the example we used as big retailer in earnings where we're helping them grow and we're taking out $100 million in costs at the same time, right. And that's what makes us so unique and that's why we will just continue to stay very focused. We're doing a lot in supply chain that those conversations accelerated in Europe for obvious reasons. But they're really it's a global phenomenon. And we're doing a ton here. And of course, as we think about our business, when we look at the demand, we also look at, do we need to upskill anyplace because we're seeing more demand, say in supply chain, or more demand in a particular industry? And that's where the agility of our learning, as you may recall, in the first six months after the pandemic we upskilled 100,000 people to shift to cloud and collaboration technology. So that's how we stay very close. And then we use these other tools, we have like our ability to upskill to make sure that we are responding to what our clients need.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And from a strategic point of view, we continue to believe that the mergers and acquisition, V&A as we call it is critical to the way we grow. And there's three big reasons, right. The first is we will do it for scale. So you saw us do a lot of cloud acquisitions, for example, because we wanted to capture the momentum in the market and to build scale in area, in countries like we did a big one in France, for example, where we didn't have the scale and we had a lot of market momentum. The second reason we do it, is to move into adjacencies. So you saw a spilled Accenture Song and interactive over years, we've used that very effectively with industry X. So you saw that enough big acquisition last year, for example and that continues. And you starting to see that now in sustainability. We just announced three acquisitions. So where we're really built going into new areas with new skills and capabilities and then third, we're always looking to sort of continue to add in our industry and functional expertise and that strategy has served as well. And we continue to believe that that's an important part of our growth going forward.
Julie Sweet: And we're not seeing any weakness in those results. And so we continue to really stay close to our clients. There's, as I talked a little bit about earlier, there's a shift in focus in many of the more impacted industries, and across the board around things like energy efficiency, right. And so our strengths in, for example, manufacturing and sustainability is helping us drive conversations and helping our clients get more energy efficient, for obvious reasons, given the background in Europe, supply chain, lots going on in supply chain, as you think about what we're doing there, we're doing everything from helping them have greater insight. So we're working with a food retailer, for example, to understand how they can anticipate disruptions better and earlier using data and analytics. So supply chain is a big topic. And then costs because everyone's anticipating, it leads to continuation of the inflationary environment that we're seeing globally. And so cost becomes a big focus. So it's today, again, all roads lead to not just technology data and AI, but how do you use it to transform the business? Which is our sweet spot, right? That is what we do. We partner with the technology companies and our clients to help them use these technologies to get results. And that's what we're doing today. And that's the environment that we're seeing our clients need.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And I'd say on the captive side, it's more of a steady, kind of, it's been steady. I don't think I'd say picked up or not picked up. It's been steady for the last couple of years.
Julie Sweet: Yes. I think a couple of things, I start with the rebranding is really more around reflecting what we’re doing today in Accenture Interactive and that brand was kind of old because it started a decade ago, right where, and it doesn't really reflect kind of the particularly post pandemic, which is really a complete use of technology, bringing in creative using data and AI and moving very, very fast. So this is where you've got examples like we've given in the past, like a Jaguar Land Rover, where they're using managed services to personalize experiences, and they're moving very, very quickly. And so Song just really captures better what, in fact, we are doing there. And from an operational perspective, it's just a natural evolution to bring together some of the brands that we've acquired over the years as you know, we built Accenture Song through a very deliberate, M&A strategy. And so I think it bit more of just kind of the natural evolution.
Julie Sweet: Yes, and I would just add that, remember, an industry isn't a monolith, right? So you had coming out of the pandemic, in almost every industry, you had some percentage, we've talked about this, who went really fast. Now you've got others who are saying, wait a minute, we're seeing the impact of some of the leaders move faster on their digital transformations. And so for example, those who moved early to the cloud, we're now talking about the next phase of how do you utilize the cloud to drive new things. Remember, our little formula cloud is. The cloud is the foundation, data is the driver and AI is the differentiator. And so if you've moved to the cloud, now, you're using the data in that differently, right, as opposed to those who still need to move to the cloud. Like we are very early in the transition. And so the way we think about it is if you have a total enterprise we walk our clients through, what's the digital core, you need to have? Where are you on the maturity scale? And how do you prioritize? And so while we look at the industries is growing double digits, what's actually happening within the industry really depends on where you are on the maturity curve. And that's what drives our business, right? Because we can help the clients who are leaders go to the next level, and we're helping the ones that are behind trying to leapfrog. And so I think it's important to look at in that sense is that you need to have granular deep understanding of the industries and help our clients. We help our clients with that to know where to go next.
KC McClure: Yes, thanks, Tien-Tsin. So let me just start with anchoring to what we saw this quarter in bookings and our pipeline, and I'll talk then a little bit about what we expect for Q4. So as you mentioned, we were really pleased with our book-to-bill this quarter. And you talked about our tough comps, we did 30% growth in consulting. And we have year-to-date of 1.1 book-to-bill in consulting through Q3. We're very pleased with that. And outsourcing, we did 23% revenue growth, again over tough comps from last year in the quarter at 1.2 year-to-date book-to-bill. So as we look ahead at Q4, we do see continued very strong revenue growth of 20% to 24%. So you heard that in our guidance. And we do think bookings and outsourcing, bookings for both, excuse me, revenue for both consulting and outsourcing, both going to be in that range. So we have another strong quarter in consulting and outsourcing revenue growth. And on top of that Tien-Tsin, we do see another strong sales quarter in Q4. And we feel good about both our consulting and our outsourcing pipeline. So hopefully that gave you enough color on where we see bookings and the rest of the year playing out.
KC McClure: So, Jason, that is accurate in that. The $0.15 for Russia. That's absolutely accurate. And then we have an additional $0.14 from the updated from the guidance that we gave you last quarter that we are absorbing. So you're correct.
KC McClure: That’s right. I mean, I think the key thing that you're asking and the key point, I want to make sure that we are getting across is that there's no change to our business, right, fundamentals and our business performance.
KC McClure: We actually had a bit of an increase in our revenue guidance, which helps us partially offset the $0.14 drag that we have from FX. So really strong, we continue to see really strong fiscal operations, we just can't absorb completely, all of that large FX movement that we saw from last quarter to this quarter. That's all.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. Ashwin, happy to and so just in terms, I'll start with the last part first, in terms of just our mix, right, we and I'm not going to guide anything into next year. But if you just look historically, at our mix, it can move around 1% or 2% between consulting and outsourcing. But it's generally been as , three years in the zone of like about 55% consulting and about 45% outsourcing, So that and we're seeing the same this year. So that's the first point. And then in terms of consulting, we are really pleased with our performance to date. And as you know, when we, I gave you some -- I gave guidance for consulting for Q4, but just a reminder, there are book-to-bill is really strong for the year in consulting. And anything is as you know, over one around one book-to-bill consulting, we consider strong, we also look at it over trailing four quarters, right. So but I -- we will give guidance for you in September of -- in September for next year. And that's where we can give you some sense of what the outsourcing is, consulting type of work will be next year. But now, you can look at our patterns and see it's about 55%, 45%.
KC McClure: Yes, I'll let Julie talk about the strategy. But just to recap what I did say, you're right, we had previously said we thought it would be about $4 billion. We now think it is going, we’ve done $2.2 billion to date, 27 transactions year-to-date. We now think it will be about $2.5 billion. And that's because there's about $ billion, Ashwin, that is going to go into next year because of required regulatory approvals. So that really is the biggest difference between the $2.5 billion and $4 billion that we talked about.
KC McClure: Okay. Yes, so we were -- we were pleased that we did see, again, improvement, Bryan in our pricing. And again, reminder that pricing, when we talked about pricing, it's the margin on the work that we sold. And we really need to continue to focus on that, which is what we are doing to offset what we're continuing to see in wage inflation in our business, which as we all know is in all industries, it really is across the globe. So and we are seeing some improvement coming from pricing in our P&L. So I'm pleased with that. And at the same time, as you would expect, we're changing the mix of people on our contracts, and also using technology to help offset the impact of wage increases. So again, very focused on pricing. That's the biggest lever that we have but there -- that they all of these improvements together are still lagging the compensation increases. But we're still very, very satisfied.
KC McClure: James, thanks for the question. I will just make just focus on the key metrics that we look at. And we report every quarter as it talks about our people and the usage of our people, clients. We're at 91%, which is really in the zone of utilization that we like to be in, it's a little running a little bit hot throughout the past year and a half since pandemic and we're at 91%. So that's a very healthy range that we're good with.
KC McClure: Maybe I'll just anchor to what we saw this quarter. And I can hand it over to Julie to give a little bit of color on that. But we did see all 13 industries this quarter have double digit revenue growth, right. And when we talked about bookings, we had strength across all of our markets, services and industry.
