Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and everyone joining us today. And thank you to our 721,000 people around the globe for delivering a truly extraordinary year. We measure our success by both our financial results and the broader 360-degree value we create for all our stakeholders, our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Strong financial results allow us to deliver more 360-degree value. Let me share a few highlights of this extraordinary year. In FY '22, we delivered record bookings of $72 billion. As our clients continue to execute compressed transformations, we had 100 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million compared to $72 million last fiscal year. We delivered revenues of $62 billion, representing a record 26% growth in local currency, adding $11 billion in revenue for the year. We continue to take significant market share growing more than 2x the market. Our financial results reflect our commitment to creating value for our clients every day, which is why they are turning to us as their trusted partner across the enterprise. We now have 267 Diamond clients, our largest client relationships compared to 229 last fiscal year. We expanded operating margin by 10 basis points and had EPS growth of 22% over adjusted FY '21 EPS, demonstrating our ability to grow profitably and at scale. We achieved this profitable growth while continuing to invest significantly in our business and people with $3.4 billion deployed across 38 acquisitions that are well balanced across markets, services and strategic priorities; $1.1 billion invested in R&D assets, platforms and industry solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to more than 8,300; and $1.1 billion invested in the training and development of our people to grow the skills needed to serve our clients. We continue to offer an employee value proposition that includes providing vibrant career paths and opportunities for our people with approximately 157,000 promotions and over 40 million training hours while expanding our workforce by almost 100,000 and achieving 47% women as we continue our progress towards gender parity by 2025. We believe our unwavering commitment to diversity, broadly defined and inclusion is an essential element of our ability to deliver market-leading financial results because our diversity and inclusiveness makes us smarter, more innovative and more attractive to top talent. We achieved over 85% renewable electricity powering our offices and centers around the world on our way to 100% by 2023. We prioritize creating value around the world and the communities where we work and live, both through investments and job creation and through our direct support of meaningful local initiatives, including our apprenticeship programs in the U.S., UK, Switzerland and Latin America and our growing partnership with Youth Business International, which will help an additional estimated 240,000 young entrepreneurs, ages 18 to 35, build skills and success in a digital future on top of the 370,000 young entrepreneurs already supported through this partnership in many different communities throughout the world. This year, we are proud to achieve our highest brand value and rank to date on BrandZ's prestigious Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands list, increasing 28% to over $82 billion and ranking number 26. Over to you, KC.
Julie Sweet: Great. Thanks, Lisa. So yes, let me give you a little bit of color around our guidance assumptions. So our revenue range of 8% to 11% for fiscal '23, it includes 2.5% inorganic contribution, and that's compared to about 5% that we did in '22. And that would represent then about 8.5% organic growth at the upper end of our range. And so, we continue to see really strong demand for our services, Lisa. And as you've seen, the most recent estimate for IT Services continues to show the growth for our industry will be about 5%. So anywhere in our range, it will show us continuing to take share. But at the same time, while our growth is not directly correlated with GDP, we read the same things that you do. And the latest GDP estimate for most of the world's largest economies are lower in 2023 than 2022. So again, we're calling for double-digit growth at the top part of our range. Another year of double-digit growth, which would have us adding significant scale, yet again on top of our current $62 billion business.
Julie Sweet: Maybe I'll add, Lisa, is that -- when we think about the macro environment, what we're really thinking about is what do our clients need, right? So as -- so -- and I talked a little bit about this last quarter, right, is this environment affects different industries differently. So, you've got those who are really tied to the supply chain disruption and the inflation continuing to focus on cost. But you also see that as the uncertainty increases. So over the last 90 to 120 days, you saw changes in the estimates around the GDP growth for 2023, it makes all clients really think about, okay, what's my resilience? Is there more that I can do? Can I take advantage of the environment to push through deeper cost cuts that require you to change behaviors? And so we really think about the environment as what does that mean we need to do to help our clients and how do we continue to pivot. And it's very similar if you think about what we did in the early days of the pandemic, where we've pivoted a lot to, for example, cloud using all of our learning organization. So that's the focus. So it's always an opportunity to better serve our clients.
Julie Sweet: Yes. I mean I don't -- I mean, obviously, we've got larger deals. You have more visibility around larger deals just because they're larger deals and you see how it is. And certainly, how we think about the business so much, I mean, I think if you just take a -- your underlying question is what are clients focused on, right? And so what we do see is -- and what we actually -- more than just see what we are recommending is that leadership teams remain sort of focused on prioritizing where they can get good time to value, making sure that they are doing things that are material, not having 1,000 different pilots as opposed to actually getting to scale. And so a lot of that does lead to a focus on larger transformation deals, and it's tied to what we call total enterprise reinvention, right? What we're talking to clients about is systematically reinventing. And actually, we've got some research coming out at the end of September that says 68% of CFOs say they today have either three or more transformation programs either going right now or about to start in parallel. And so, what that really does mean that is that you've got more companies do what we've been talking about since the early days of the pandemic, which is systematic transformation. We'll try to do it faster and that does lead to larger programs. And probably the bigger impact for us is less about visibility, but those obviously convert to revenue differently.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And Tien-Tsin, I just -- Tien-Tsin, I would just emphasize, we believe it is very important to continue to invest at higher levels in our business every year and that's our commitment. And it's been -- we think a big reason for our success is that through every cycle, we continue to invest.
Julie Sweet: Great. And Keith, what I would just say is that -- remember, our focus is helping our clients create value within whatever environment that they are operating in, right? So -- and which is very different depending on your industry. So like pick right now, providers in the U.S., right? They are focused on cost cutting because they went through a tough time with COVID, they're behind in digitization, so they're investing there. And they have to because they're facing one of the most difficult labor markets they've ever had to now sort of resistance and difficulty in automating before. That is a completely different that a global consumer company like Unilever, we talked about in our script, who's reinventing everything that been on this journey for a few years, looking to the next thing, right? And they're dealing with supply chain disruptions, right, cost inputs. And so, that is how we continue to succeed is by understanding the depth of difference in our industry. We're using knowledge that we had from other industry to now accelerate what the providers are doing because they're now implementing SaaS solutions to connect their patients that we've been doing for years in retail, right, and in banking and in lots of other industries. So that our outlook for the year reflects our confidence that we are going to continue to be able to use that knowledge, stay close to our clients and deliver on what they need.
Julie Sweet: Well, as KC said earlier, our guidance for the year takes into account the current estimates for 2023 for GDP, which, as we all know, over the last sort of 90 days have decreased. So, we take that into consideration. And where we see that really affecting our business is our ability to help our clients and think about what to do, right? How do you execute a faster transformation? Are there new opportunities? I'm talking to a consumer goods client now, where we're helping them think about, well, how do we cut marketing and get more effective because they need growth, but marketing is one of the biggest spend areas for a consumer goods company. And by the way, let's not waste a good environment to be able to catalyze cultural and behavioral change as they think about things. So that's where we are seeing it. And otherwise, our guidance reflects -- as you know, it's not a one for one, but we obviously take into account the economic environment.
Julie Sweet: And as always, clients still -- most of our clients are calendar year, and they'll set their budgets, and we'll know more about that in January. So it's really the same.
Julie Sweet: Well, as you know, our -- we have a very deep competency in supply and demand. And actually, over the course of the last couple of years, we continue to innovate. We have an incredible what we call integrated talent control tower that is able to predict earlier and earlier in our sales cycle, where the skills will be needed and what type of skills. And so for us, this is just normal business, right? And keep in mind, technology demand is really incredible, right? I mean you saw that in our results. All strategies lead to technology. And we're super pleased with not only our performance there, but what we're seeing ahead as clients continue to build the digital core as fundamental to all of their other strategic needs. And our talent supply chain is able to see that, predict it, understand the skills and keep moving forward.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And look, I would just say to you that technology skills are in demand by both companies as well as our competitors because technology is at the core of strategy. And so, we're expecting to have a continued tight labor market, and we continue to expect us to really excel because despite that market, as you know, even this last year, we added 100,000 people. So, I don't -- the fact that there has been some layoffs in certain markets isn't really, I think, going to change much.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And just -- I think it's always important that we are continuously thinking about both the near term, this fiscal year and the longer term and anchoring on the five forces of change for the next decade. And so, total enterprise reinvention, talent we talked about the investments we're making in sustainability. We just made a great acquisition that's on Carbon Intelligence, which is all about consulting around carbon getting to net-zero strategies. The Metaverse Continuum, small today. We're the leading enterprise user our own way of onboarding, but lots and lots of interest, and we're already making those investments and then the ongoing tech revolution. And so that's why as you think about our results, right, we are investing today and tomorrow and really are looking at the demand that we see over the next decade.
Julie Sweet: Yes, it's probably worth reminding that last Q1, we had Umlaut and Novetta, which were both very large acquisitions come in, in Q1. So probably just good to remind everyone that's part of what's driving the Q1 S&C results too. Great. So before we wrap up, I do want to mention that Angie Park, who has been our Head of Investor Relations for the past six years, has been promoted to become the CFO for our really outstanding technology services business. Angie has been an absolutely incredible Head of IR and we're particularly grateful for how she has helped lead us through some of the most turbulent times in the history of Accenture. I know from speaking to our investors and analysts how much they've appreciated Angie's steady hand, her commitment to transparency and connection. And I know we'll all miss her in this role, but are extremely excited to see her start the next chapter of what has already been an incredible career. So thank you very much, Angie. And I am also pleased to welcome Katy O'Connor who will become our new Head of Investor Relations. She's got incredible experience. She's held many finance roles during her 25 years at Accenture. So please join me in welcoming Katy and I know she's looking forward to getting to know all of you in the days ahead. In closing, I do want to thank again all of our people and our managing directors for what you're doing every day. Our people, our actions and our results in FY '22 have positioned us to be very strongly going into FY '23 and create even more 360-degree value. And finally and very importantly, thank you to all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Thank you.
KC McClure: Sure. And so Lisa, as you mentioned, we feel really good about our bookings in Q4. It was our second highest bookings ever our highest also being this year in the second quarter. What I really liked about it was driven by broad-based demand. So across all markets and our services, and we peel it back. We had good book-to-bill in all dimensions of our business. And with outsourcing a record of almost $10 billion, and that was almost $1.3 billion more than what we did for our last record. And we do continue to see a strong pipeline going into the year, even with those the second best record bookings. But I will say that as we often do, we have seasonally lower bookings in quarter one and we are seeing that again this year.
KC McClure: Yes. And maybe Tien-Tsin, I'll just add in terms of -- if you just look at our bookings this year from an outsourcing type of work compared to consulting type of work compared to our history over the last few years, there's really no difference, right? We actually have a slight percentage uptick in what we closed out this year in consulting type of work looking versus outsourcing. So there's no real difference in our mix.
KC McClure: Yes. So, I'll take the inorganic point, and then I'll hand it over to Julie to give some more color. So, first of all, there's no change overall to our capital allocation strategy, right? So, we will continue to use V&A to fuel our organic growth. And so, you'll see the 2.5%, Tien-Tsin, is an inorganic contribution. It's generally in the zone of what we've done in previous years. And so maybe I'll also just take a chance to talk about what that means in terms of how we're going to invest in our business next year and how that relates to how we're seeing our profit because I think it's really important to point out that we're really proud of what we accomplished this past year in '22, where we did 10 basis points of expansion. And Tien-tsin, we were continuing to invest at scale in our business, right? And also in our people, particularly this year with managing wage inflation. So as we look through next year, we expect to continue to invest in our business. We expect wage inflation to continue. It's across all industries and across the globe. And for us, it's going to vary by geography by scale. And we will navigate that like we did this past year with a focus on pricing, which we all know can lag compensation a bit. But I just want to point out that we did see the benefit of improved pricing in our P&L in '22. And so again, we're going to do all of this while changing the mix of people in our contracts, the use of technology to absorb the higher investments that we're making organically and the higher investments that we're making in our people. But -- so it's really important that we continue on our investment profile. And with that, like I'd be really happy next year to land anywhere within the 10 to 30 basis points of op margin expansion. And I would say that based on how we're going to invest throughout the year, there's a bit more potential for us to have a more variability in the quarters as we go throughout fiscal year '23 on our way to 10 to 30 basis points of expansion for the year.
KC McClure: Yes. So Keith, maybe I'll start with a little bit more color on how we actually see revenue kind of breaking out for the year. So from a type of work perspective for the full year '23, we do see consulting revenue growth to be within the context of the 8% to 11% that we gave out overall, which remember has been 6% FX headwind embedded in that. We see consulting revenue to be high single digits to double digits. And outsourcing, we see being double digits. And when you think about what our bookings expectations are, while we don't guide to bookings, you should -- our view remains the same. We look for over a rolling four quarters period of time for book-to-bill to be over one.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Keith. So, as you know, when we set our guidance, we always first start with looking at the ratio. So the ratio that we have in our free cash flow guidance is a very strong $1.1 billion free cash flow to net income ratio. So, we're happy with that. We also are allowing in that guidance a bit of an uptick in DSO from our current level. And then also, we are assuming we are going to have the FX impact of 6% that will obviously impact our free cash flow as well. And as you know, it's not unusual for us to start guidance at the beginning of the year with a free cash flow guidance range, that's below where we delivered the previous year.
KC McClure: Yes. And maybe, Brett, I'll give you a little bit of color on that as it relates to Q1. Let me give you a peel back a little bit on the revenue outlook that we have for the first quarter -- and when we look at the markets, we see all the markets for the first quarter within that 10% to 14% revenue range that we gave. They all have the potential to be double digits, and that includes Europe. And then also for the consulting type of work in Q1, we see a high single-digit to low double-digit growth range within that 10 to 14. And I would peel back consulting a little bit for you, too. Within consulting, we see the detect portion of consulting the systems integration, we'll have continued strong demand and S&C, we expect to be in lower single digits.
KC McClure: I would say, Brian, that in terms of looking at the back half of the year, I mean, that's no different than the way it is, honestly, every year. We talked a lot about what we just mentioned on how we look at the macro in the market. But the back half of the year, we always -- it's always less certain at this time of the year than obviously the first quarter and the first half. Again, it's no different than what we have experienced every year.
KC McClure: So let me just remind you that when I'm talking about pricing in my answer, I'm talking about the margin on the work that we've sold. And I'm really pleased that we've continued to see improvements in pricing. And we are seeing the benefits. I mentioned this earlier, but I'll just repeat it. We are seeing the benefits come through in our P&L. And we continue to focus on improvements in pricing as we enter into fiscal year '23. So I'm really I'm really pleased with the progress we've made.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Jason. In terms of Q1, it's really just a few simple things. One, we got a tough compare. Two, is there's less -- when I mentioned less inorganic that really does also hit in essence in the S&C part. And then as Julie talked about, a lot of our S&C practitioners are really focused on some -- a lot of the larger transformational deals. And that just has Jason, a different revenue yield, and it bleeds in later throughout the year.
KC McClure: Yes. So I'll start, Jason, with the last part. I mean we had -- I'm really pleased with the way we were able to grow at scale profitably while managing the wage inflation in FY '22. And as we said a little bit earlier, but just to repeat, we do expect wage inflation to continue, and we have factored that into our guidance.
KC McClure: Yes. So, I'll maybe just start with the overall outlook that we have read. You can see that we started with 8 to 11. I already gave the color on that. So -- and within that, obviously, we have a strong start at 10% to 14% growth. And in terms of really what that looks like for the rest of the year, I mean we'll continue to give guidance like we typically do as we progress through FY '23. I mean, as Julie mentioned, we see continued strong demand in our technology -- our areas of technology. And other than that, we don't really give any more guidance and kind of view on revenue outlook than what I've already shared.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So you're right, we did end up spending $3.4 billion for the year in '22 because we were able to get some of the regulatory approvals done this last fiscal year '22 that we weren't sure of the timing. And you'll see that because of that, while we're going to continue to always provide the inorganic outlook on a full year basis. So, that 2.5% is a full year. We're not -- we don't really do that by quarter because that again can also be lumpy. We're not going to continue to provide the capital allocation amount as we go into '23, just because it can really vary by the end of the year, and we'll be able to -- you'll be able to see it and we'll report it every quarter.
