Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our financial results for the second quarter and first half of fiscal year 2017. For the quarter, we again delivered broad based revenue growth across many dimensions of our business and we continued to gain significant market share. We see excellent demand for our services especially in high growth areas such as digital, cloud and security-related. Our very strong bookings culture both are relevant and success of our strategy to rotate our business to the new and support our confidence as we look ahead to the rest of the fiscal year. Here are a few highlights for the second quarter and year-to-date. We delivered very strong new bookings of $9.2 billion for the quarter and $17.5 billion for the first half. We grew revenue 6% in local currency for the quarter and 7% year-to-date with continued strong growth across many areas of our business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.33 which brings EPS for the first half of the year to $2.91 an 11% increase on an adjusted basis. Operating margin was 13.7% for the quarter and 14.7% for the six months an expansion of 20 basis points year-to-date. We generated free cash flow of $50 million for the quarter and $1 billion year-to-date. And we continue to return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends including more than $2 billion year-to-date. Today, we announced a semiannual cash dividend of $1.21 per share which would bring total dividend payments for the year to $2.42 per share a 10% increase over last year. Now with the first half of the year behind us I feel very good about our business. We see very strong demand in the marketplace for differentiated capabilities and remain confident in our ability to deliver our business outlook for the year. Now let me handover to David who will review the numbers in greater details. David, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, it's hard to be a little bit of additional very well, I mean, to put it very simply we feel very good for the second half of the year. That's it, based on stocks. We have very good bookings, we have good pipeline. We have great momentum in most part of our business, that will give you a clue. We are covering 13 industries. We're big if you well, 13 industries, of these 13 industries 10 are positive and on the 10, six are high single, when I say high single is one is at 9.5, that’s 1 to 10 for simplicity, six would be the double digits. So you could only be positive when you see such momentum. Indeed, we have three very specific situations, and frankly these three situations at least two are linked to some client situations where indeed the business has been slowing down for absolutely good and valid reasons and we have evidence that the two industries in resources [indiscernible] and energy will be backed in the second half of the year. So I’m extremely positive for the second part of the year.
Pierre Nanterme: And I would add, if you look at resources, which has been one of the area of watch carefully again that too tough because you are not mentioning utilities. Our utilities business is continued growing double-digits. So this one is on reasonably good fire and we're doing very well, because this industry rotating rapidly to The New and you have a direct correlation in the business with the rotation to The New from our clients and the performance of these industries. This is a simple as this. And now it is back and I think when I look at the three energy and then you have CNR, chemical and natural resources CNR being the smallest of the three to be clear. And so energy is very important moving forward and we are getting more and more evidence that energy would perform much better in the second part of the year. Yes.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely, I mean the line, the direction should be mid-to-high single-digit. We believe this is where the consulting business should be. Sometimes they're going to be higher than this because you have a combination of good factors and sometimes you just a bit behind and here we have this combination of these three situations, creating a disproportionate drag on our consulting. So as we mentioned before, definitely two of the three will get back and so the consulting associated will get back as well. On the other side of the spectrum, we are not only investing in what we call in The New digital, cloud and security, but we, as you know, putting some investments in building extremely deep skills in our yards where we believe there could be higher gross in a very specific way. You've seen the acquisition of [indiscernible] a premium brand in retail North America. We are doing the same in aviation in very deep skills in investment management where we believe it's going to be a great market and we are making acquisition there on the very targeted basis so, I'm extremely confident that the consulting will be back.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean we're putting very significant definition on the skills of our people. I mean we just brought 400,000 mark in terms of people and we want to have 400,000 talented people and by talented people, I mean having the right skills this is what we mean by talented people, the right skills for today and more important, the right skill for tomorrow. So what we did and not starting now, but starting years ago is to make sure that in trading and indication, we are investing significantly. I think the number is public. We are roughly investing $900 million in training and education to make sure that we have the best skilled people and will bode us well to attract the best talent. So we're combining our organic rescaling if you will $900 million we have digitalized all our training to make sure that our cost of training is extremely efficient. And I would just impress frankly to recognize my friend Bhaskar Ghosh on what he has been doing with our Accenture Technology business in rescaling last year and what we call New IT 70,000 people. He is managing roughly 200,000 people, Bhaskar roughly if I may say. And the goal for us is to scale 100% of these people over three years, 70,000 plus, 70,000 plus, 70,000. In addition, we are recruiting through acquisitions very deep skills, very deep skills, we believe it's going to take too long to grow organic. And so we have a good, I think a two pronged strategy, if you will, investing in our people to make them relevant and I think this is something we all talk like to our people. We have a responsibility, I feel that way, I have the responsibility to make them relevant for the future and then complement with high notch, iconic talent we’re getting from the market. So we have a kind of perfect blend.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, thanks for the question and in answer to your question number one is extensively and answer to question number two is extensively. I mean what we are especially in Accenture Technology and in Accenture Operations and of course in Accenture Digital, we have now infused in Accenture Technology all new capabilities called for us intelligent platforms. The name we are using, the public name is My Wizard. My Wizard is to first in that category of intelligent platform, so you can develop code using more and more intelligent virtual agents. So we’re doing that massively, but it's not enough. We’re indeed applying to Accenture Technology, technology delivery centers and more important to Accenture Operations in our BPO centers RPAs, I mean Robotic Process Automations that we are executing for Accenture and it’s interesting to see that many clients are visiting us and considering Accenture of now the benchmark and they are learning from what we do to apply to clients. So, extensively in Accenture because the name of the game is not labor, is productivity and that's always been the name of the game in Accenture. So, we want to operate at maximum productivity and efficiency with talented people, that's what we have in mind. And as you said, starting to see in some parts of our BPO business, the de-correlation between revenue and labor, and we believe strongly that the combination of artificial intelligence, machine learning, Robotic Process Automation in the coming five years will make a significant difference in this correlation between labor to revenue. From a client standpoint huge demand. Yes, I've just been pitching RPA and closing RPA deals last week to just to give you so, it's extremely relevant why because you know the clients have generally felt the same as we said I remember in one of our IR day, digitalization and rationalization. Digitalization to create new business model and all the architecture we have been putting in place in The New is resonating with that with Accenture active mobility, analytics, cloud and security and rationalization up, is the art of rationalization for robotics and automation and the demand is just growing and we are very well positioned.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, we I mean all financial services is doing very well. I mean we have been posting I think 8% growth in the…
Pierre Nanterme: Is double digit, yes. So I mean we're doing very well. In North America more specially we're starting to see again more demand in The New. I mean secured and we are working in think you are more diversified portfolio of clients and not only the kind of big category leaders if you will due to the more significant regionalization of our business in the United States where we expect great benefits starting in H2. And in addition as I mentioned especially in investment management, which is part of capital Market we've made a few acquisitions, you've seen Beacon and they are providing as well deep skills. So again, as in everything it’s a combination of two or three factors you're putting together to create growth and we see some more optimism as well from clients linked to the expected deregulation of some part of their business. So, all of this put together, is creating an environment which is getting better.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I’m extremely pleased with Accenture Interactive and you are giving me the opportunity to recognize the leader of Accenture Interactive and you are giving me the opportunity to recognize the leader of Accenture Interactive Brian Whipple, who is just doing a great job in leading that part of the business. In less than only seven years or something like this we created the largest digital pure player in digital marketing. So the digital agency of Accenture is now one of the largest and a category leader. We are leading in digital design, especially after the acquisition of [indiscernible] and many other acquisitions. The last one being the Karmarama in the U.K., which is a premium independent, the best independent company in the U.K. Digital production, you remember the acquisition of Aventa [ph] some years ago. Digital commerce which of course is very important on the back of the acquisition of Equity we made in the U.S., some years ago and all what we're doing in terms of customer analytics. So we were very pleased that last year Ad Age ranked Accenture Interactive number one. And for us it's a very critical milestone. We see more and more clients in detailing from the so called holding companies to Accenture Interactive and our regulatory product we are very close to $6 billion in Accenture Active making us a category leader. So, couldn't be more pleased with Accenture Interactive because, sorry to elaborate a bit I know - I'm passionate about this so, I'm sharing my passion with you. The business in the future will be more and more driven by experience and design of new capabilities, of new products, of new ways of engaging with the customer, consumer, patients, employees. So, for us it was absolutely critical to put on the top of all services the experience, these design led, experience led, kind of capability and just to give you that’s a point I think we acquired [indiscernible] 150 people roughly, 150, 180 something like this less than 200. Now we're going to crack the 800 people being showed, making certainly sure one of the largest pure player in digital creative design, so that's what we do and we're pleased.
Pierre Nanterme: This is what we like to be. I mean we - in our rotation to The New and sorry to be too long about it, in our rotation to The New in interactive mobility edge cloud and security, we want not only to be the number one if you addition this all - this is where we go with our $8 billion in H1 only, but we want to be number one in each of the five. That's what we mean by scaling to lead and this is what we are doing relentlessly.
Pierre Nanterme: If you look at it and of course some capabilities are more mature than the others and when we're putting that Accenture framework we said we got three ways. I mean the digital consumer and this way you got maturing a lot because I mean you see this is totally where we are doing the majority of Accenture Interactive business of around $6 billion. Then you have the digital enterprise, how you digitalize all the parts on the enterprise and here the robotics and the automation, will bring a lot, so I think this is coming and then what we are calling digital operations and IOT and this is nascent to be on us and that might be certainly the biggest wave of the three. And so we are positioning Accenture already in what we’re calling industry X.0. We are probably 4.0 as we speak, but that will be 5.0, 6.0 and we’re positioning a lot Accenture of mobility, connected platform, Internet Of Things. We have already developed many partnerships in the ecosystem with OEM providers to extend our reach to this industrial internet. We have labs. I am thinking about what we have in Bangalore, what we have in Beijing where we are developing very deep industry solutions in the context of the IOT. So it’s early days, I mean it’s going to be a wave for probably a couple of decades.
Pierre Nanterme: So no notable change, but some at Accenture, again because if there is something we hate in our company is commoditization of services. So we’re fighting against commoditization always to move and to rotate to higher value services. The business you’re mentioning is subject to commoditization at great pace. Our answer to fight against commoditization has been to infuse as I mentioned before through Bhaskar Ghosh and Debbie Polishook leading Accenture technology in our country operations, so a lot of robotics, a lot of automation, less labor arbitrage, more technology, more intelligence. And so indeed, we want to make these activities more tech automated led, less labor intensive like many of our competitors been doing and we are following a very different trajectory.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay it’s time to wrap up. Thanks a lot you have been so patient with us. Thanks again for joining us on the call today. As you can tell and have heard from David and I, we are very confident in our ability to deliver another strong year in fiscal year 2017 to continue gaining significant market share as we do. To even further accelerate our rotation to new innovative services and at the same time as we are investing significantly for the future, continuing delivering value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. At the same time, we transform Accenture to be even more successful. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions feel free to call Angie and her team. All the best and talk to you very soon.
David Rowland: Yes, so first of all on the bookings – putting aside the consensus estimate what I had signaled last quarter that we felt confident that bookings would be stronger in the second quarter than the first quarter beginning pattern of building through the year which is typically what we've seen. And so we ended up with about $1 billion more in bookings in the second quarter versus the first quarter that’s consistent with the comments that I made and it's in the range that we expected. I mean, as you know there is – you know in any particular quarter there are few deals that can fall on either side of the line, so we will always have kind of a range that we expect to land in and we are very solidly in the range that we expected. And for the full year, we’re very optimistic about our bookings. As I said we began the third quarter second half of the year with a healthy pipeline and we expect to see continued strong bookings in the third and fourth quarter supporting our revenue guidance. In terms of the growth, but out type of work which I think was the other part of your question is that right? I guess he has dropped off the line, so for the full year we expect consulting type of work growth to be in the mid to high single digits and we expect outsourcing type of work growth to be in the mid to high single-digits as well. If you look at it by business dimension, which I also comment on, we think strategy and consulting services combined will be in the mid-single digit range. So we do see an increase in the growth rate of our strategy and consulting services combined in the second half of the year with the application services in the mid-single digit range we see operations in the double-digit range, and of course The New will continue to grow very strong double-digit growth throughout this year.
David Rowland: Yes, so let me give a few comments and Pierre will perhaps want to make some comments as well from his perspective. So, let me just start, when we provided full year guidance of 5 to 8 we really entered the year with one possible scenario where the growth in the first half of the year would be relatively speaking, lower than the second half of the year and that scenario in fact is continuing to play out. As we always say, we started the year, although we had a range of 5 to 8 as we say, working hard each and every day to be at the upper end of the range and that is the, it's still our focus. In terms of what's underneath that, I mean, there's a couple of ways I could kind of help you understand the way we look at the first half versus the second half of the year. But one way is through the lens of what I have called out as these three concentrated areas of pressure which make up 15% to 18% of our revenue overall. And when you look at those three areas, energy, chemicals, natural resources and communications and media two of those three areas we see and we believe we will see positive growth in the second half of the year relative to where they were in the first half of the year and we have some confidence in that. Beyond that when you look at the rest of our business, which is growing 10% on a year-to-date basis, even within that we see certain areas of our business that did have positive growth in the first half of the year, but we expect will have even more positive growth in the second half of the year and an industry that comes to mind is health, for example, which has been lower in North America, but we expect will be stronger in the second half of the year, more in kind of the typical growth rates that we expect for health. So overall, the year is really playing out as we expected. We continue to work hard, to travel land in the upper end of our range as we always do, supporting our confidence level in the second half of the year we narrowed the range to 6 to 8.
David Rowland: Yes, I would say it’s a combination of the two. I mean, just to be blunt it is a combination of the two. There is a benefit from the comps getting easier and that's just the math, but more importantly, there are really underlying fundamental improvements that we see and the business activity, the dialog that we're having with our clients. The investment and digitization in addition to the kind of the cost rationalization focus that those industries have had for so many quarters now. And so the comps are part of it, but there is some fundamental improvement in the business, a lot of green shoots that we see that I think have a much more optimistic about the trajectory.
David Rowland: Yes, for the full year we continue to expect to be in the range of 2%, but if you peel it back H1 is, let's say closer to 1.5% and H2 would be closer to 2.5% and so in the second half of the year we will see an additional contribution in inorganic relative to H1, but for the full year it will still be in the 2% rang. The additional spend up to$1.5 billion Tien-Tsin, a lot of that will happen in the fourth quarter and the revenue impact of those transactions is much more relevant to FY '18 than it would be FY '17.
David Rowland: Yes. I would say on a normalized basis, consulting and strategy services combined would be in the mid-single digit kind of range to let's say high single-digit depending on the cycle that we're in. So it's going to be a mid to high single-digit contributor across our portfolio of businesses. I mean the consulting growth to be clear as well is connected to this dynamic that we've talked about with our overall growth, meaning that if you look at these three industries that are contracting and primarily because of the cyclical pressures that hasn't had an impact in recent quarters in particular on our consulting and strategy growth rate. And we think that drag, if you will, that we've seen over the last, let’s take a last few quarters, we will start to mitigate some in the second half of the year. We're also making investments in our consulting business which starts to help drive our growth rate in the second half of the year and beyond as well.
David Rowland: It's not material. And I mean in the scheme of Accenture, the benefits that we're deriving from doing this are not that material in terms of the bottom line.
David Rowland: Yes, it is so, most of, by the way, gross margin, let me say that even though gross margin has looked at the last two quarters stayed same, for many reasons we've explained, we really focus more on operating margin. Having so that your question, the big driver I think when you look at the first two quarters has been improvement in our contract profitability. So, our cost to serve clients is one of the bigger major components in our, in our gross margin and we have seen improvements in contract profitability which reflects broadly, some of the improvements we've seen in pricing. It reflects, there are some mixed shift as we would say we have a higher percentage of higher value kind of added services even higher percentage of those that type of work, which includes digital, but not limited to digital in the mix, et cetera, and as well just the overall efficiency of our payroll structure, which is of course the biggest driver of our cost overall.  And so it's more about contract profitability and managing our payroll efficiency with a high at a high level of efficiency. Is automation in the mix of our improved contract profitability? It is, but in no way would that be a dominant driver. It's in the mix, but with many other things as well.
David Rowland: We did see an impact in the pace of decision making. When you look back now with the, in the rear view mirror, we did see an impact in the pace of decision making and health in North America during the first half of the year. We believe and we've got fact points, intangible evidence that we would point to that that slower pace of decision making is behind us and that as we've now turned into the new calendar year, we are every month because we're a month into the new administration then the decision making has resumed at normal levels and that's part of the reason why we are more, why we are positive on improved growth rates in the second half of the year. So we did see an impact in the first half of the year. We believe that that's largely behind us. Okay? Thank you, David.
David Rowland: It's, I mean I would say that the Digital Wave is still and your baseball analogy I would say it is still in the early innings. I mean it's, there is a, if you talked about in terms of the majority curve, it is low on the majority curve. There is a ways to go.
David Rowland: I would say – really no notable change in the competitive landscape in outsourcing if you’re maybe asking specifically about the application maintenance piece of our application services, that continues to be a very, very competitive pricing environment. So that’s more of the same and I would say if you look at BPO and another big piece of outsourcing I would say no notable change.
