Julie Sweet: Sure, and thanks for the question, Tien-tsin. So, let's just anchor on our strategy for growth and what you're seeing in three quarters into the year, because obviously, expectations at the beginning of this year were different in terms of how things develop with spending. So, what did we do? We leaned into what do clients need, and they need these reinventions, they need these big, large-scale transformations. And so, what you've seen us to do is, like, you've got to go with what the clients need, and that's what they're buying. And so, we have accelerated our leaning into these large transformation deals, which is why you see that we have seven more than last year at this time of clients with bookings of over $100 million. Now, these convert to revenue more slowly, but as we're accelerating, you'll know that they ramp up and they will start to layer in. And we are very uniquely positioned in this market to be able to do these large-scale transformations because they require the combination of services, everything from the ability to help them move faster through our managed services, our industry expertise. Everyone wants to do that with the eye towards GenAI, so even though the transformations are often in preparation for GenAI, they want to work with the partner who really understands GenAI, and so how do we get there faster. And so, as you think about the reinvention strategy, that's a strategy we've been executing for a couple of years, and we uniquely can lean in, and that -- you're seeing the results of that this quarter with the acceleration of -- compared to last year, of clients with that level of bookings and those, of course, then ramp next year. The second is, our leaning into where we are seeing growth in smaller deals because remember that discretionary spending is constrained, overall spending constrained, and particularly in smaller projects. But what did we do, right? We see GenAI as the new growth. We have an incredible ability to pivot our people. You can see the specialists in data and AI growing. We started at 40,000, we're at 55,000 now against our goal of 80,000 by the end of 2026. We're also training our people. You saw that big increase, because we're preparing our people. You're now doing a transformation. It may not be GenAI, but you have to understand GenAI. And so, we're uniquely able to train our people at scale to understand GenAI. And how is that translating? We'll look at our bookings this quarter now getting to $2 billion, three quarters into the year as compared to $300 million last year and $500 million in revenue. So starting to be meaningful, right? In terms of the numbers, we were at $100 million for all of last year. So we expect to continue to lean into GenAI. And what it's doing is very interesting from where we were, say, three quarters ago. It's acting as the catalyst to understand what you have to do. So I'll finish here and then I'll just, of course, mention our ability to invest in inorganic. But right now from a perspective of like the pull through, we're still reprioritizing. But every other GenAI project now is leading to some data project, because people are understanding, hey, this is a great technology and I'm not ready. So we feel really good about being very well positioned as spending increases, when it does increase because of what we're doing. And then finally, remember we invest in acquisitions to drive organic growth. Like that is -- so it's all about future growth. And I gave a lot in the script today to just help bring to life just how strategic our ability to invest is as we think about future growth. So not trying to comment at all on FY 2025. We'll call it like we see it. But we also want to be clear that our strategy is working and these deals will ramp up.
Julie Sweet: Yes, Tien-tsin, and I think we'll make the decision as we go into next year as to what level we want to drive for next year. So, I think we'll comment next quarter.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. And just maybe a little color, Bryan. As you think about this idea of reinvention, Virgin Media O2 was a great example, because there, right, we have a combination using our Edge platform to provide -- help O2 provides -- Virgin Media O2 to provide these new services. And at the same time, we're supporting it with our customer operations, supporting their growth so that they can scale. And right now, clients, of course, they're looking for growth, they're also looking for transformation and efficiency. The other thing I'd say is, this is a great example of how we're embracing GenAI. You've heard us talk in the past about our myWizard platform, which helps in our managed services. We now -- that's become Gen Wizard and we're seeing that our embracing -- early embracing of using Gen AI where it's ready to be used has been a real differentiator in our technology managed services. So, we're very focused on helping our client, who move faster using our expertise and leverage our digital investments in order for them to transform and reinvent faster and you're seeing that focus.
Julie Sweet: Yes, no, it's -- we're really pleased that it's, that ticked up this quarter and it's a very strategic part of our business. Think about it really is like sort of two-ways, right? So we remain number-one in our industry in finance and accounting and we're embracing again GenAI there to help differentiate our platform. And so, there's a focus that we're seeing in our clients as they're saying, okay, we need to -- we really understand how much more we need to digitize and we need to do that in the enterprise, they're excited about our ability over-time. Again, it's very early days still in Gen AI over-time to help build our -- we're building our SynOps platform, we're building in GenAI and that helps them have less to build-in in their enterprise side by partnering with us. And so that's -- we think a really great differentiator. And then we continue to diversify into areas that are in the core of our business, whether -- core of our industries for our clients, whether it's claims and underwriting and insurance, or supply-chain for consumer goods and industrial or core banking in the financial services. So we feel really good about the business and kind of continue -- and its continued prospects.
Julie Sweet: So, really want to compliment our entire team on the work that they're doing with our clients in CMT. So, as we've been talking about that for now for a little while and we start to see things like the Virgin Media O2 deal. So our teams are working with our clients on what do they need. And they're focused on getting rid of technology debt, because that's critical in order to use some of these new technologies. They're focused on using the new technologies. So we have a number of clients that -- while it's still small, are working on GenAI. And then being very focused on efficiencies. And then finally network. So, really across the board what I would say is the industry was challenged. We have been just focused on going to where they need help and you're seeing that result in our results. And then on strategy and consulting, again, it's all about being focused on what do our clients need. And so, we've pivoted many more people, for example, toward cost and strategy. So cost takeout is a big theme, and particularly for our strategy. We are seeing a lot of growth still in things like implementing modern ERP platforms with the focus on the digital core. And again, at Accenture, it's not just technology, right? It's about we're the number one player with all of these technology ecosystem players, but our clients want to do it faster. They need the industry expertise. And so, you saw a number of examples in the script about how we're putting in these platforms and we're doing so within an industry context. And so, I'd say cost takeout and move the cloud data platforms wrapped around with industry and functional expertise, that's where we're seeing the growth. And we just continue to remain laser focused on more people, more focus, working with the clients on what they need to buy.
Julie Sweet: So just think about Accenture is very uniquely positioned in this market. Clients are prioritizing large scale transformations. And doing those and getting the efficiencies and moving faster, managed services is a highly strategic component of being able to do that. And this is where Accenture, with such scale in both strategy, in both consulting type of work with managed services is really able to lean into what are clients buying now.
Julie Sweet: Yes. So, Brian, in terms of what we'll give -- what we'll talk about is really is what I just mentioned on Q4. I guess -- and I understand what you mean by a base runoff. We don't really think of it that way. We kind of look at it as maybe our terms will be whether we have booked and backlog and what are we already -- and what's new coming in from these sales. And so, I get -- so just kind of going with those two points, the way we evaluate and we talk about it, Brian, is from a year-over-year basis, looking at both the components of what we've already sold for the next quarter and then what we see in our pipeline and how we see those sales will convert to revenue, that's how we kind of assess what we think that we will be overall. And again, very pleased that consulting -- we do feel that and see that it will return to growth. And I think it's a milestone that we haven't had in a number of quarters, so we'll pleased with that. And we'll comment on anything else for next year, next year, I mean in September.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Overall, we feel good about our pipeline. And we don't put -- we don't give guidance to next quarter bookings. But we feel good.
Julie Sweet: Yes, I mean, I think in terms of -- make sure I'm answering your question is, when we look at overall at our acquisitions, they all come with -- they're typically higher growth business cases that we have from the companies that we buy and we have a base case that comes with the organization and we assess that growth rate. And then we obviously put in pretty significant synergy cases that are -- without going through kind of metrics that are a pretty high bar for those acquisitions to deliver to, along with a broader center. And that's why integration is so important in what we do, because we're not just having a great business case, that is maybe half of what you need to do, but the key really is in how you integrate to deliver to that, and we have a very strong track record. And so, what you'll see is, you could just maybe get the sense to your question, is look at how many we've done over the last five years and you can see how we've been able to continue to grow our business throughout that time. And it is really continuing to fill our organic growth.
Julie Sweet: Thanks. We feel really good about that vertical. Obviously there's a lot of transformation that's going on in public service. You see health is a big driver, defense is a big driver. There's a lot of infrastructure support, whether it's IRA in the U.S. or what the EU has been doing as well. And of course, a lot of the digital transformation hasn't happened in the public service and health, And so, we see that now being the time and you're seeing that in the results. So we feel very confident and we think about the investment like we do all our industries. I mean, remember, we have 13 industry groups. We have -- the diversification is a key part of both our resilience and our growth strategy. And so, at any given time, we're investing differently depending on the growth trajectory. And as we called out this quarter, we've been investing significantly in public service, because we see the next several years this being a big growth area and we're making those investments now.
Julie Sweet: Yes, it's overall is a tight market, So that's what you normally see. On Song, here's where we are so unique, because our business is not an agency business, right? The agencies are part of an incredibly differentiated value proposition where you have creative and technology and digital and by the way managed services. And so, we see this as a huge opportunity because we are embracing it as fast as possible to help our clients get value, but we put it together with all of these other services. So we were happy to see the uptick in growth this quarter with Song and long term where we really think it's great. And remember, this is our playbook, right? We embrace technology. We've done it in every wave. We've done it when we did managed services. Remember in 2015, we had SynOps and myWizard. Our business is to help our clients be more efficient and grow. That is what we do. And we use technology in how we deliver it. And we help them use technology and how they operate. And so, we see GenAI as yet another way that we're going to embrace it. We're going to be fast. And we're going to do what we do for clients. And that is a very exciting opportunity, so we feel really good about our Song business. Great. So, thanks everyone for the questions and the time today. In closing I want to again, as always, thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support, and all of our people for what you're doing for our clients and for each other every day. Thanks so much for joining.
KC McClure: Yes, maybe I'll just add, Tien-tsin, just how we feel just within this fiscal year. So, we're very pleased with where we landed in Q3. When you look to Q4, we do have, and you see that in our growth rate, a clear uptick in our growth rate for the fourth quarter. And I think importantly included in that is the expectation that our consulting type of work in Q4, Tien-tsin, will return to growth and that we haven't had growth in consulting type of work since Q2 of last year.
KC McClure: I'll let Julie talk about -- add on here. But in terms of our -- let's talk about capital allocation. And we've always said this, we have the ability, and I think it's a differentiator of ours, to be able to invest and approach the market as whenever we see something that we want to execute. And that remains unchanged. And we've been able -- and you've seen us do that over all the different business cycles. And importantly, when we do that, we're able to continue all parts of our capital allocation in terms of share buybacks and dividends as well. So, from a financial standpoint, we have a very strong balance sheet. We have the ability to continue to flex up and down as we see fit from a capital allocation standpoint, Tien-tsin.
KC McClure: Yes. No, that's a great question. So, in terms of our cash, you said that we started the year at $9 billion, and now we're little bit -- we are about $5.5 billion. And we do have some debt. It's very small, as you mentioned, for a company of our size. We do have a -- we had a credit facility that we put in right during the pandemic, and we continue to have a credit facility. It's about $5.5 billion. It's a five-year credit facility and what you just see, Dave, is that we're just exercising some of that credit facility, kind of normal treasury operation.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So I'll just obviously keep my comments to this year, to 2024, but -- and maybe I'll just point out where we are and what we are continuing to assume. So we stated last quarter that we'd be at 10 basis points of operating margin expansion and we reconfirmed that, Dave, for the full year, again this quarter, and we feel confident in our ability to do that. So if you look at -- we run our business to operating margin. If you look at gross margin and overall what we've been saying on pricing and just importantly, when we talk about pricing, we mean the margin on the work that we sell. What I think is really important for us is that, we've been able to operate our business with rigor and discipline in how we run ourselves in an operation -- in efficient operations of Accenture and be our own best credential as we absorb kind of higher selling costs, which you would expect. We're looking at our record $60 billion of bookings and also the continued pressure and pricing that we've had across the business. So with that, we feel really good. And if you look at it, we grew 1% in quarter one. As an example, we were able to do 20 basis points of margin expansion. We grew 1% this quarter, and we were able to do 10 basis points of margin expansion. So we feel good about the way we run our business with rigor and discipline.
KC McClure: Yes. Maybe I will give you the -- I'll talk a little bit about the numbers. In terms of, it is a record bookings for managed services. As Julie's -- and as we've been talking, it is obviously based on the larger transformational deals that we're doing. Well, those larger transformational deals, just to be clear, Bryan, they do have both consulting and outsourcing -- excuse me, managed services type of work with them. They do have, as you would expect, a larger portion of managed services type of work. So when you see what we were able to do this year, we're already at 92, seven more than last year. And we did have a very strong managed services bookings, as you noted, in Q3. We don't really do a breakout in terms of extensions or new, but there's always -- we always have a healthy mix, I would say, of both. That's what we strive to over rolling four quarters in our business always and no difference there.
KC McClure: Yes, I think, it's -- in terms of what the real driver is, it's the larger deals that have a little bit of both in those -- both components of a sector and cyclical and what you're talking about. So it really is just based on the larger deal.
KC McClure: Keith, I would say just in terms of pricing, and we've been commenting on this for quite some time. You are correct in that, we've had overall in our entire business continued pricing pressure. So, I mean, that's the way I would reflect on that statement -- on your question [indiscernible].
