Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our excellent financial results for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. For the year, we clearly strengthened our leadership position in the new digital, cloud, and security related services, and once again we gain substantial market share. We significantly increased our investments, including record investments in strategic acquisitions. And I’m particularly pleased that we did all of this while continuing to return substantial cash to shareholders. Here are a few highlights for the year. We delivered very strong new bookings of $37.4 billion. We generated record revenues for the year of $34.9 billion, a 7% increase in local currency with broad based growth once again across all business. We delivered earnings per share of $5.91 on an adjusted basis, an 11% increase. Operating margin was 14.8% on an adjusted basis, an expansion of 20 basis points. We generated excellent free cash flow of $4.5 billion. We returned $4.2 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, and we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share, a 10% increase over our prior dividend. So we had another very strong year. And I feel very good about our business, the execution of our strategy and the momentum we have as we enter the new fiscal year. Now let me hand over to David, who will review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, so it is significant, but it is not the majority of what we do. So like a what we are doing with our platforms, because for us it's a source of delivering huge value for our clients and as well the base to sell our consulting and also businesses on back of this. Now as you know we are leading with SAP, we’re leading with Oracle, with Microsoft, with Salesforce, with [technical difficulty], with Microsoft, so we’re to date leading partners and you’ve seen that we’ve open new fronts with coming leaders such as Google, such as Amazon Web Services, we’re going to develop platforms on top of the cloud and you certainly hear about the announcements we made with Apple to develop solutions based on iOS. So, we are very active on platform. We are very pleased with what we’re doing and I’m especially pleased that we’re leading with their new platforms. When we talk about the SAP, we are talking about SAP Hana, Oracle in the cloud. The new generation of service with Microsoft and you probably have seen an announcement we made between Avanade-Accenture and Microsoft recently, just last week. And so we’re always aiming a leading not with the solution of yesterday, but with the solutions of tomorrow and taking a leadership position which is exactly what we do. Thank you, Brian.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, but just to add on this and to be very clear, I think what we're planning for next year is extremely consistent with '17 and to be honest, it's consistent with '16. Now it depends on when you learn in the range, and as David said we are targeting to be more on the upper part of the range. But the contribution of inorganic has always been in the recent parts in the range of 2% plus and anything to between the 2% to 3% and so our organic growth is very consistent with the prior year. And as David said, as been built issue, if you will, to grow significantly more than the market. And when I said significantly more, it's probably a minimum of twice the market. So that’s the way we see our organic growth today and potentially tomorrow. So very consistent.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and I’m going to take my non-American hat. And I’m feeling confident that my U.S colleagues and leaders will drive more growth next year. I mean, to be serious again, we shared with you the results of few quarters that indeed the growth in the U.S didn’t come exactly as expected for reasons we shared with you. That’s probably the markets was -- markets and our clients expecting some reforms and these reforms have not come as expected and creating kind of wait and see positioning with our clients, especially in health and public sector with all the uncertainties around the healthcare reforms. Now we’ve have year behind us and I believe that my scenario, if you will, that the business as factored was a could or could not expect from the administration. So to some extent that’s less uncertainty with what might come. Now we still believe that we’re going to see a tax reform or some evolution that’s going to be good for the business that on balance what we expected that next year the contribution of the US and North America will be incrementally better than this year.
Pierre Nanterme: So let me maybe take it, and then, I mean, David you can add on it. I mean, first, let's talk extremely rapidly by positioning what is the role of consulting at Accenture. As you know at Accenture we have different -- I mean we have -- not different businesses, we have synergistic businesses, strategic consulting where we shape the agenda with the clients, advisory services, if you will, digital and technology where we’re building leading-edge solutions and operations where we operate on behalf of the clients. And they’re not independent business at all. The formula of Accenture is end-to-end integration of the services to deliver transformation and to commit on an outcome. The role of the consulting business in that supply-chain, if you will, is to shape the clients agenda is to work with the clients and orchestrate the rest of our businesses, and it's of course to sell consulting services in addition of the rest. So therefore us, the business orchestrator, if you will, of the relationship with the clients. So at the end of the day when we are looking at the performance of Accenture, indeed we're looking at each parts because we want each parts to operate in the best market condition. But no doubt that we are much more focused on the value that all of this capability bring in driving overall growth faster than the market. Now -- so the role of consulting is to shape, is to orchestrate the depth and breadth of all services, and when I look at the market conditions we would expect certainly our consulting business to be at the mid single-digit range …
Pierre Nanterme: … and this is where we believe that the consulting market is all about. But again, I would like all of you not to take consulting in isolation, because this is not the operating model of Accenture.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and maybe to add three elements on this to your question of how we are attracting the people and based on what condition? I wanted to communicate to the group that we are clearly focusing on attracting the best talent, and the fact that we’ve been able in fiscal year '17 to recruit 300 managing directors from the outside is for me just the restriction that indeed we are an attractive company. And we’ve no issue to hide what even what I would call iconic talents, i.e., some of the best and most differentiated talents in the marketplace. And they’re coming to us for -- let's say three reasons again, another three. I mean, first, with $18 billion in the New, 50% of our revenues, and double-digit growth year after year, they understand that we are serious about leading in the New and of course it's attractive for that. I mean, second, they’re joining us because we are the only professional services company having end-to-end businesses and so they know we’re joining in strategy or in consulting that will benefit from the rest of Accenture or if they’re joining in technology and operations, it will benefit from our consulting and advisory services. And three, we are competitive in the way we compensate and reward these people, and certainly they’ve been watching the stock evolution over these three years and they love that.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I’m excited with everything regarding the New. So by selecting a few, I don’t want to disappoint other parts of the business, because for instance, all what we’re doing in Accenture Interactive is absolutely great and I’m very excited that we’re going to launch next year new services around some ultimate intelligent and definite marketing services. So I’m very excited with the next generation of marketing services we might launch. I’m absolutely, of course excited with all the artificial intelligence, machine learning and what we have in front of us where again we’re going to in '18 make significant investments. I’m -- we are looking, if you want to look at things which are more pioneering, if you will, at the usage of quantum computing in the business. And I'm not seeing a lot of our peers or companies already making business changes based on quantum which is what we’re doing with Biogen, this biogenetic company where we are working with them in using quantum computing to genome analysis and segmentation and other kind of services. Immersive realities is something we like a lot. How are we going to use virtual and augmented reality in the context of the business, and maybe finally data driven activities and services. Data is the new currency of the world. It's not anymore the dollar, the pound or the euro, it is the data. And all the digital capabilities will reinforce and strengthens the way you can use the data to deliver value. So we are extraordinarily focused on the -- of a data centric agenda in all the services we are going to propose. So an exciting agenda in front of us and stay tuned. In '18, we will make a few announcements.
Pierre Nanterme: Right. And just to close out your question, even as our -- the New is continued to scale so significantly, we do expect continued strong double-digit growth in the New in fiscal '18.
Pierre Nanterme: It is after integration, of course. If you would look over five years, the contribution of our acquisition that represent a significant part of the growth that I capture, if you look at this on the aggregate level year-after-year. So you're right. We're acquiring companies for deep capabilities, what you were referring as R&D, and then after a period of time it's becoming organic. And it's totally absorbing the organization and in our organic numbers.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and in application services, to add on this, because what you said is very important, David, is indeed outsourcing is rotating to the New or what we call in outsourcing. And application services we are now selling more and more of those services based on automation, robotics, intelligent solutions based. And again, we are reinventing application services to differentiate. So when you look at your question from a competitive standpoint, to some extent you can segregate the market between the players still trying to sell more harder of the legacy older classic IT, and the players and we’re part of that camp, if you will. We are reinventing this service by providing much more of the new technologies and new features to capture more growth, and I believe that if I our outsourcing business is double-digit and is very vibrant, it's because it does what I did to the New, and not because we’re trying to sell more of the legacy.
Pierre Nanterme: I love your question, because of course, in order to rotate to the New, we have to activate this, evolving strategy of making more acquisitions to get to talent, we couldn't develop organic and we’ve to bring from the market. And the big question is how do you integrate and how do you manage your culture? And this is something we communicated, but I'm pleased to do that with a larger group that we developed this concept which might be perceived as extremely simple, but it is more -- certainly profound than it sounds like, which is at Accenture we are developing a culture of cultures. Indeed we are coming from a long tradition like many global group of the one. One culture, having everything was one. You wanted to be one in the world and I think this cycle is behind many of the big corps, certainly behind us. You’re operating in multiple countries i.e. multiple cultures. So when you’re accommodating multiple services, i.e., multiple cultures, you need to create an environment which is going to celebrate different of cultures. And when we think about the one, the glue, if you will, its more around our values, the kind of intangible things we might expect from all our practitioners that we’re going to keep their cultures. As an illustration, I will take [indiscernible] because I think it's making exactly the right illustration of what you're saying. When we decided to be in the design and experience led kind of services quite far from Accenture. We identified a company called Fjord, 180 people at the time, less than 10 studios around the world. We said, we are going to keep the Fjord culture, the studio, the way they work, we are going to keep the Fjord identity and brand, and indeed we could have integrate them in Accenture more from a backbone standpoint, from a value standpoint they were sharing our values anyway. And they will benefit from our distribution channels. After less than four years, we are celebrating with 1,000 people in Fjord. They have a formidable brand in the marketplace. But if you would talk to the Fjord people, they’re an interesting hybrid. They live and breathe the Fjord and they live and breathe the Accenture. That's what now we want to accommodate with this concept of culture of cultures, which I think is reasonably a strong evolution for large big global group who have been developing with their concept of everything is one. At Accenture, as we said, we love diversity.
Pierre Nanterme: Our job is to be relevant to the clients agenda. And to understand at what speed they’re going to evolve the kind of services we could provide. What we do see is indeed, the overall -- if you look at the overall spend we could address, its growing. If you add the marketing spend to the IT spend and to the spend they are allocating to what we are calling more at the heart of the operations, which all the industrial internet will tap on. So if you look at this from a legacy IT, its flat or shrinking. If you look at the addressable spend for us, it is growing. That’s why at Accenture we have decided five years ago in our strategy to stretch and to extend our rich from where we were famous before, support function, finance, HR, supply-chain and IT, to be relevant still in that space of support and IT stretching to the frontline, addressing the marketing spend and stretching to the operation in the field line through the industrial internet, so we could expand the addressable budget we are tapping on and the benefit of this stretching the boundaries of our scope, because should we’ve stayed in the prior scope, then it could be -- it would be much harder. So all the work is to extend your scope to expand the addressable spend.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay. I think, Angie, we’re getting at the end of the call. So let me wrap up and thanking again all of you for joining us on today’s call. In closing, very simply we delivered an excellent fiscal year '17, we believe strongly. We finished this year strong, and I'm extremely pleased with the momentum as we enter the new fiscal year. I believe that with our highly relevant and different capabilities we are building, the dedicated and passionate Accenture people, and the very disciplined management of our business and investments, I’m very confident in our ability to continue driving profitable growth and delivering value to our clients and shoulders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, of course, if you have any question, please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best to all of you.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Thank you, Brian. Yes, so we -- when we look at next year, we expect from a -- from an investment standpoint and acquisitions that we would be in the range of 25% to 30% of our cash flow. If you calculate that in dollar terms, it's in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion. And as we’ve said many times previously, we certainly have the ability to go above that range if the opportunities present themselves during the fiscal year. And so, our inorganic strategy is an engine for organic growth and as a means of bringing on critical skills and capabilities in high growth areas, we will continue, it's an important part of our strategy. That assumption combined with what we've just done in fiscal '17, would translate to inorganic revenue contribution in the range of 2.5% to 3% in fiscal '18.
David P. Rowland: No, I would say that -- first of all, I’d say Tien-Tsin, as you know that while our range reflects of what we think is possible across a broad 3-point range. We're always focused on being toward the upper end of the range. And if you were to look at, let's say, the upper third of the range and if you look at the 2.5 to 3, and if you were to then look at that against the market growth for organically -- organic market growth, would continue to reflect us taking significant share, which is our strategic objective. And so it's not intended to imply deceleration. I mean, we feel good about the market as we see it.
David P. Rowland: Yes. So, I mean, there are a lot of things in the mix when we look at operating margin. I mean, first of all, just kind of state the mathematically, obvious, 10 basis points is, let's say just under $40 million for the year which on our base of operating expenses is small in the context of the total operating expense of our business. It's -- of course it's significant in the context of delivering the year and the quarter, but there are number of things in the mix. First of all is an assumption on the level of investments that we will continue to make in our business, on our people. And I can tell you that our intend in fiscal '18 is continue to -- is to continue to ramp up our investments and to invest the rate that is faster than our rate of revenue growth. And so, in essence what that means is that our business model again as a reminder is that we actually strive to have a much higher level of margin improvement underneath our business, if you will, of which a substantial portion of that margin expansion we invest into the business, on our people within the range of 10 to 30 basis points of expansion being delivered in our results.
David P. Rowland: And so, the things that drive that, I mean, first of all, would be the progression of contract profitability, so that gets to fundamentally the economics of the work that we do for our clients and in a normal year we would expect that our contract profitability would continue to progress in a positive way, and certainly that's our assumption next year. The other big driver of our profitability is the level of payroll efficiency that we have in our business. There are many things that go into that, including the geographic distribution of our heads, the level you utilization we run out -- run at, as well as the extent to which we're choosing to make talent investments and bring onboard critical skills that we think are going to position as well for the future. And really I could stop there, I mean, those are the two biggest drivers. How we manage the overall relationship, the payroll progression to revenue, and then also very importantly what we do with the economics of the portfolio of contracts that we deliver to our clients each year.
David P. Rowland: Yes, it's hard to answer the wage inflation and price inflation question in aggregate, because -- it means -- there are so many components of our business and you really have to get into each component. Also, I don’t like commenting on the wage inflation, because it can be misinterpreted not only externally, but sometimes internally as well by our people. It’s just hard to talk about in aggregate. What I can tell you is that our business discipline is that we work very hard looking at the wage dynamics, if you will, across each of the markets that we operate in. We have specific targets for where we want to be to market and all of our workforces, obviously, our goal is to always be at a level where we can attract the best talent in the market. We are very, very disciplined in the way we manage the progression of wage inflation and what we're able to do in our pricing because that fundamentally drops our economic. So, we -- that that's kind of a foundational element, if you will, of how we manage the operations of our business. And I would say, in general, -- I don't see anything unusual about '18 either from a wage standpoint or a pricing standpoint. Let's say in the round I don't see anything different in '18 than really the last couple of years we have operated in.
David P. Rowland: Yes, I said -- right. I did say that. I don't know that I’ve said that previously, you're right. Good catch on your part. Every once in a while we sneak things in there, but I did say in the fourth quarter our new bookings were about 60 -- the New represented about 60% of our new bookings. And I did that is just an illustration again of the extent to which our businesses rapidly -- continues to rapidly rotate to the New.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Let me just mention a few things and then Pierre, I’m sure will also round it up. But maybe just kind of get grounded in the facts a little bit. So, first of all, Pierre did say and so let me just say it again, that when you look at the strategy and consulting combined, we expect that it will be in the mid single-digit range. Let me also say that it's true that in '17 the year we close strategy consulting was lower than what we had expected when we started the year, and I would say that a primary contributor to that was what we’ve commented on throughout the year with the dynamic in the United States. And so, the fact is, if you look across our broad business there are many parts of our business, many geographic markets where the strategy and consulting growth is -- very much aligned with kind of this mid single-digit expectation. So it's important to note that in the mix in '17 was the impact of some of the things that we’ve talked about in the U.S. The third thing I would say is that there is some ebb and flow of the revenue growth across our businesses. I mean, if you look at last year, meaning '16 for example, we had strong double-digit growth in consulting and strategy and certainly the nature of the work that we were doing in '16 really contributed to and set the table for the very strong revenue growth that we had in both application services and operations in fiscal '17. And so, there is some connection between our businesses that I think is important to point out as well. The final thing, I would say, is that if you kill the consulting and strategy growth back and look at the growth of strategy consulting for work that is related to the New, that portion of strategy consulting is growing double-digit. And so the services related to the New continue to grow quite fast. And Pierre, you want to add anything? No, okay.
David P. Rowland: So let me just be clear. Maybe I’m misunderstood what you said. So the inorganic contribution in fiscal '17 was in the range of 2%. It was just a tad higher than 2%. It rounds to 2%. And 2.5% to 3%, I mean, Lisa as you know we talk about inorganic on a rolling four quarter basis and I mean truly is a pretty straight mathematical computation. If you look at the timing of when we did our acquisitions throughout fiscal '17 as well as it is hard to predict exactly when acquisitions will occur as we look out over the four quarters of '18. But if you make a reasonable assumption about the phasing, all of that in the mix would put us in the 2.5% 3% range, which would be a stronger contribution than what we had -- incrementally stronger contribution than what we had in '17.
David P. Rowland: So let me just -- so let me comment, is that when you look at outsourcing or if you -- as a type of work or if I was to say if you look at application services and operations, which were big growth contributors in '17, a high percentage of those revenue streams are in the New. So it's important to understand that when we talk about operations we're not focused on legacy operations, we're focused on the operations marketplace that we have created and defined, which is all based around business as a service in the cloud with security, all powered by the New. And so, yes, I mean, I think there is -- I think you could conclude that there is a cycle that is the new technologies have matured. If reflects and they are more in kind of an operations mode, if you will, as opposed to early-stage development deployment etcetera, there is a natural cycle and I think that certainly contributes to what we’re seeing in operations and even application services to some extent.
