Julie Sweet: Thank you to everyone joining us today and especially to our people around the world for their extraordinary work and commitment to our clients, which resulted in delivering another strong quarter of financial results and the broader 360-degree value we continue to create for all our stakeholders, our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities. Let me share a few highlights of this 360-degree value and our continued disciplined execution. We delivered strong bookings of $16.2 billion, with 24 clients with quarterly new bookings over $100 million, demonstrating our clients’ continued commitment to transformation and our ability to understand and anticipate our clients' needs, whether for growth, cost optimization or resilience and our ability to deliver compressed transformations. We delivered revenues of $15.7 billion, representing 15% revenue growth in local currency, with double-digit growth in each market. We estimate that we are growing more than 2x the market, while delivering margin expansion of 20 basis points. We continue to invest in our people, with 10.4 million training hours this quarter, representing an average of 15 hours per person, providing learning opportunities and upscaling to enable us to pivot as our clients' needs evolve. We earned the number one position on the Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index for the third time in the past five years and a top score on the Workplace Pride Global Benchmark, recognizing Accenture as the leader in our industry. We believe our unwavering commitment to diversity and inclusion is both the right thing to do and an essential element of our business strategy and strong financial performance. We have reached 97% renewable electricity, closing in on our goal of 100% by the end of 2023. Our own progress in sustainability is important to our ability to lead in helping our clients harness this key force of change and in attracting top talent. Finally, I want to congratulate our more than 1,200 new promotes to Managing Director, 119 new appointments to Senior Managing Director and the more than 90,000 people we promoted around the world in Q1 overall, reflecting our commitment to providing vibrant career paths. Over to you KC.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Bryan, maybe -- I want to maybe say -- to make sort of two points. So first of all, specifically on S&C, I think it's important to understand we really have a tale of two worlds. So our S&C work is growing high single-digit to low double-digit when it's tied to areas around cloud, enterprise and industry platforms, talent, cost reduction, everything tied to building to the core. So underneath our results, like that's growing great. The other world, right, is S&C that's tied to things like ad spend, creative marketing strategy and campaigns and other sort of front-office initiatives are contracting, right? And that's, of course, the strength of Accenture, is that we've got a very broad range of services even within the Strategy & Consulting as well as a broad range of industries. And so while the -- at the top line, you saw it 3% this quarter, there'll be a slight decline next quarter, underneath that, you've got a lot of strength in everything that's really driving our results. And I think that's really important to just understand. But then, I want to take a step back and just maybe comment on the demand environment. KC just mentioned kind of the impact in S&C and smaller deals. So first of all, like we're obviously super pleased with Q1, right? Great growth, and we're really happy with how we're seeing the year start. Now at the same time, what do we see over the last 90 days, what we saw what everybody saw, right, which was the macros continue to have uncertainty and you've got GDP estimates declining over the past 90 days. And on the one hand, our clients clearly are remaining ambitious, right, they're committed to revamping their business. And you see that in the 24 clients with quarterly new bookings over $100 million, right, which is an increase over this time last year. At the same time, they're more and more focused on cost and resilience. And many are having to make pretty hard choices, right, because the macro affects the industries differently. So you've got some industries, retail consumer goods, that are much more challenged than say, energy. But at the same time, and we talked about starting to see this last quarter, kind of regardless of industry, as the macro uncertainty has increased, right, they're being a little bit more cautious. So we're seeing some delays in decision-making. We see changes in the pace of spending, and we're seeing some pausing of the smaller deals. And all of this impacts the smaller deals more than the bigger deals because we're continuing to see that big transformation focus. So that impacts our revenue and profit build over the year, which is part of what we're seeing in S&C in the second quarter with the decline. And then, I just want to remind everyone that this is exactly the environment that you see the strength of Accenture. It is because we are so broadly diverse. I mean you saw it in the examples in my script, all around the world, all around industries. But who else could be in Asia doing border security, in the U.S., working with the state of Missouri on a talent and tech implementation; in Europe, working with a European grocer doing IT modernization, cost reduction and customer experience? Just moving around the world, you're back into Asia, working with a telecom operator, digitizing their platform, creating a new customer experience. And so, you just continue to see that our strategy that we've had for decades to be across industries, a global footprint and depth and breadth of services. I mean Managed Services is on fire because we could digitize faster, get that compressed transformation, help them access the talent and lower cost. So back to you, Bryan.
Julie Sweet: Yes, and we're going to continue to focus our Strategy & Consulting expertise on these platform and cloud-led transformation.
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Lisa. It's a great question. And there's a couple of ways that you look at it. So what we saw particularly in the early days was that leaders before the pandemic kind of we're doubling down and becoming more ambitious. And from that time, you've got more and more companies then looking to see their competitors and sort of being pushed to themselves being more ambitious. And so, I think I shared last quarter that we got some recent research that said something like 68% of CFOs we surveyed are working in companies that have three or more transformation programs in progress in parallel. That being said, it's still very much the early days because we're so early in building the digital core that's enabling these transformations. So while we've had a big acceleration on the migration to the cloud, it's still kind of early innings, 35% or so. And most of the companies report, that although the -- when they get to the cloud they haven't actually been able to access the services and get the value yet, and that's why you're continuing just to see this drive in our cloud business, particularly Cloud First, because we continue to do all the migration work. And then those we've migrated are now coming to us and say, "Hey, look, we sign these big consumption contracts. We're trying to figure out how to transform our business and we don't know how to." So you basically got people who have moved fast, have lots more to do, and that's this concept of total enterprise reinvention. And then you have many companies that are just starting to really take on these more ambitious programs. So, we see this as a decade of transformation.
Julie Sweet: Yes. I mean great companies never come at cheap prices, is what I would say. So -- and we really try to focus on buying highly valued companies. So we really aren't seeing that. The broader environment, yes, but where we're focusing, we're not really seeing any big differences. And we think that's the right answer, right, we want to buy great companies.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Look, as you go forward, we talked a little bit about earlier, you've got parts of our business like some of the customer focus ad spending and marketing that's -- where clients are more challenged to be able to prioritize those areas, you also see some changing in industry. So, we're all reading about comms, media and tech, right? So, we are going to see -- we expect kind of a slowdown in spending from those clients as they reposition and think about sort of their -- what the changes they need to make, and we're helping them do that. So again, the diversity of our business really helps us balance. You do have, at any given time in an environment like this, areas that -- where the clients are having to make different choices and we're trying to pivot to help them and be really relevant to their current needs. And that's why it was so important to see the -- we've been talking about this for a couple of quarters, the importance of cost and to see that really coming through in our sales and pipeline, just demonstrates how our breadth of services allows us to pivot to the needs of our clients.
Julie Sweet: So a few things, right? So first of all, since the pandemic began, we've been very focused on building scale in markets around cloud, data and AI because that's so critical to building the digital core. So last quarter, we bought something in the Nordics, for example, that was all about getting scale. We bought something in France around mainframes because that's a very specific skillset that is relevant to moving some industries like financial services off of these core systems. And so we'd expect to continue to invest there. And we did this quarter, for example, with eLogic and with Sensis, these were acquisitions that we did this quarter, all in sort of the cloud and cloud platform technology space. Data and AI solutions will continue to be important. And again, we try to focus both on scale and getting scale in market. So we made a really exciting acquisition in Japan this quarter around data and AI solutions because we see that such a big market for us and we see a lot of interest, and it was just a great company. So, if you think about what clients are focused on building their digital core, that's going to continue to be a focus. The next digital frontier, so supply chain, digitizing supply chain and manufacturing, so we made a couple of acquisitions there this quarter, MacGregor, Stellantis. And so really, we keep very close to our strategy, which is tied to clients. They want reinvention across the enterprise, so continuing to build areas like in the digital frontier, making sure we've got scale and all of the capabilities needed across the digital core will continue to be a focus.
Julie Sweet: Yes -- no. And really I think what's important is that regardless of industry or country, the focus still is on transformation, right? There is nobody saying, "I'm going to change less," right? Unfortunately, the companies are having -- sometimes are having a harder time, right, doing what they'd like to do because they're under pressure. And again, that's where our relationships really matter because we're the trusted partner, right? And if you got to know that whatever you are going to spend money on, it's going to have to deliver value, it's a flight to quality, right? And so, we've seen that since the early days of the pandemic, and it continues in this environment. And remember, that the idea of total enterprise reinvention is things are connected. Like I gave the example of the European grocer, right? One company that can transform IT, do an ad strategy, provide personalized customer experience and lower overall cost, right, that is not easy to do, and it requires industry expertise and expertise in many parts of the enterprise. And that's really where our resilience comes from. And by the way, also our ability to pivot, right, to pivot, and that particular one started as a cost play, and we were able to show the client how not only could they reduce cost, but they could actually drive more growth by connecting these things and understanding the intersections. And that's what we're focused on, right? We always start with what do our clients need. And right now, they need to be more efficient, they need to do more with less, they need to optimize what they have and we're investing. And I will tell you that one of the things that's so critical are assets and solutions. Because I was just doing or earlier this week, and I always ask the client what do you think about what you've seen, and they're like, it's amazing like you have this myWizard platform, it's got data, it's got AI, it's stuff that we can even begin to build, and you not only have it built but it's been used in thousands of clients. So that's the kind of place where our ability to invest, not just now, but over the last decade, really matters to clients. And compared to anybody out there, right, the amount of money that we're putting in acquisitions and solutions is really tremendous in driving value for our clients.
Julie Sweet: By the way, my CEO of Europe and my CEO of Growth Markets like that out to their friends in North America as well. So, a little good-natured competition there, but KC, why don't you...
Julie Sweet: Yes, on North America, I mean, they had unbelievable growth last year on a huge book of business. So growing anywhere in the high single digit to double digit again this year is quite impressive. I mean their growth was 26% last year. So, we are very pleased with kind of the growth we see ahead.
Julie Sweet: Yes. I mean this year, the bigger shift that we called out is just the smaller deal volume that's tied more to the macro and the sort of the shift on to these mega transformation deals, some of which are Consulting, some of which are Managed Services, they just bleed through revenue differently. So, that's more of the impact this year that we see right now. Okay. Well, thank you very much, and happy holidays. Good. So in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support and all of our people for what you do every day. And I'd like to wish everyone a happy and healthy holiday season. Thank you.
KC McClure: Hi, Bryan, thanks for the question. As you mentioned, our Strategy & Consulting results for Q1, they did come in as expected. But let's talk about what we're seeing go forward. And we do see a slight decline in Strategy & Consulting for Q2 before we're going to reconnect with growth in H2. And why is that for Q2? It's really a couple of things. We do see that we are going to have some impact from less revenue from smaller deals that which Julie will talk a little bit about here. And second, we do continue to see our S&C practitioners focus on high impact transformational deals, and they're going to bleed into revenue a little bit later in the year. There's a really important to our clients, but the revenue conversions at a slower pace.
KC McClure: Yes. I'll take – Hey, Tien-Tsin. I'll take the -- in terms of the outlook for how we see growth going by our various – by our two types of work. So for the full year, at the top end of our range, we see Consulting high single digits, and we see Managed Services continue to grow double digits. And as it relates to outlook and bookings, what we're seeing is that we do have a strong pipeline and we actually see continued strong pricing in that pipeline. And we do see that we will have a solid bookings quarter in Q2, and that includes Consulting. It's likely -- it will likely be lower though than the record bookings in Consulting that we had last quarter, and we expect to continue to see really strong bookings in Managed Services.
KC McClure: Yes. Sure. So I'll talk a little bit about on the attrition point, and then we can get into kind of what we're seeing overall in our cost and our visibility in that regard. So attrition was down to 13%, and I think all of you know, but there's a structural pattern of attrition that typically comes down from Q4 to Q1. This year came down at a tick more, and we're really pleased with that. And that means we have to hire fewer replacement people, it means less recruiting costs, and you saw that in our improvement in G&A this quarter, and it's less ramp up for new hires. And so Tien-Tsin, in terms of visibility of what we see, I mean, we expect to continue to hire for the specific skills that we need. With upskilling, we may not need to hire as many people as we go throughout the year. But we have a very deep -- and we have a very deep competency in our supply and demand balancing and we're always focused on. And in terms of profit, let me talk a little bit about what we're seeing in operating margin. So operating margin, we're pleased with the 20 basis point expansion that we have in Q1 and really pleased to be confirming our 10 to 30 basis points expansion for the year. And as I said last quarter, we'd be pleased to land anywhere within the 10 to 30 basis point range. But let me give you a little bit more color about what we're seeing in Q2 and then just the visibility, as you ask, about the rest of the year. So I mentioned last quarter, we may see more variability in the quarters as we get through fiscal '23. And as I mentioned in the script, that is exactly playing out. Now, there's a few reasons for that. So in Q2 overall, the first thing, and I think all of you know, it's a structurally lower profit quarter just to begin with, in part because of the holidays. As well as for us, it's when most of our compensation increases kick in. So while we've planned for those comp increases, it does take some time to work through our P&L. And then in addition, in Q2, the impact of the changes of smaller deal volumes that Julie described, it's going to impact Q2 revenue. And that -- when you take everything into consideration, that's why we expect the Q2 operating margin decline in Q2 and potentially for the first half of the year. And so with that, then the math shows that most of our margin expansion will be in the back half of the year. And how -- why is it that we see that? We have a strong pipeline, as I mentioned. We have continued strong pricing improvements in our pipeline. And as always, we have some simple, but important levers on how we run our business. We are going to in addition to pricing, focused on cost efficiencies and delivery efficiencies within how we run our contracts. We're going to manage supply and demand, as we always do, with even more rigor and discipline. And we're going to continue to work on digitizing and cost-effective running the operations of Accenture.
KC McClure: Yes. So, overall -- let me say first, Happy Holidays. It's good to talk to you. In terms of overall, our strategic priorities, as you mentioned, and you're right, you would expect in a quarter where we grew 15%, we did have higher growth overall in terms of what we have in our strategic priorities. They would -- in total, they did grow at a faster pace than the rest of Accenture at 15%, which is the intent overall of our strategic priority. And so -- which does account for the majority of our revenue.
KC McClure: Yes. So just first of all, bookings overall in terms -- let's just talk about bookings overall, Dave. They were up in local currency by 6%. But when you take the FX headwind, they were down overall in U.S. dollars. And what I mentioned was -- we expect a strong bookings quarter in Q2. The question that Tien-Tsin had was about the Consulting bookings expectation for Q2, and we expect a strong bookings in Q2. I just want to remind you that that's where we -- that was also the quarter though, last year, where we had our record Consulting bookings last year of about $11 billion. And so I just wanted to set the expectation that will be strong, it may not surpass the $11 billion that we did last quarter, last year in Q2.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks for the question. And you're right, we do have industry-leading DSO, and we continue to have industry-leading DSOs. So let's talk about what we're seeing this quarter. So we had 48 days this quarter. And I think as you know, we do have a structural uptick every year from Q4 to Q1. And this is about a day of higher uptick than we would traditionally have, but it's nothing that we're concerned about. And we do feel really good about our DSO coming down by the end of the year. As I mentioned in our free cash flow guidance at the beginning of the year, we did allow for a couple of days uptick in DSO, and that's what we still expect. And maybe I'll talk a little bit about the free cash flow. So when you take a look at that in free cash flow and our expectations, overall for free cash flow for the year, you heard me reiterate the free cash flow guidance for the year. So that allows for us to have a few days uptick in DSO. And so, we're still really -- feel that the $1.1 billion is a really very strong free cash flow guidance, and it takes into account and increased DSO for the year.
KC McClure: Yes. And so in terms of what we expect to see for the year, we do expect to see Europe and Growth Markets for the full year be in the double-digit range. And we do expect that North America, which is -- as the CEO of North America says, "I have a much, much bigger business," will grow at a mid- to high single-digit range for the year. And Julie, I don't know if there's anything else that you want to add on...
KC McClure: Yes, sure. Hi, Ashwin, nice to speak with you. So just in terms of what we expect for hiring, first of all, as you know, our ability to manage supply and demand is a core competency of ours, and we're always focused on it. And so, we did hire about -- we added about 17,000 people this quarter, as you mentioned. And we will continue to hire for the specific skills that we need. I think I made reference to that earlier, which means we may not need to hire as many people as we go throughout the year, but we'll balance that as we go through. And on wage inflation, I'll just go back to what we said when we set guidance, we did see wage inflation continuing. We do have comp increases that are kicking in that we've planned for, of course, and included in our pricing. But they are higher than they've been, and that's a statement across all industries, all geographies. And of course, that we're no different in that regard.
KC McClure: Yes. I think here's the way I would look at it. In terms of when you look at Managed Services and Consulting, as a broad statement, you have more the benefit of Managed Services is that you have already sold a fair amount of work, right? So while they are longer deals and they made the deals that you sell in that quarter may turn into revenue a little shorter than they would in A consulting sale, for example, which is typically a shorter duration, you have more work already sold as you go into a quarter. So there's a terrific benefit to that, which is why we like this diversity, right? We have that as well as in Consulting. They do -- the length and shape of them really do vary. And when you look at it overall, Ashwin, if you go back, and I know you followed us for a long time, and just look at our mix, of Managed Services to Consulting, it doesn't really change the bookings, really don't change much as you go throughout our history, in terms of the percent -- the proportion of each.
