Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We delivered very strong financial results for the second quarter, and I’m extremely pleased with the momentum we have created in our business over the last eight quarters. This quarter, our growth was again broad-based across the different dimensions of our business. Our strategy is clearly resonating with the needs of our clients and differentiating Accenture in the marketplace, but in regards to gain significant market share. Here are few highlights from the quarter. We delivered outstanding new bookings of $9.5 billion. We grew revenues 12% in local currency, a very strong performance, including double-digit growth in four of our five operating groups and all three geographic regions. Operating margin was 13.7%, an expansion of 10 basis points. We delivered outstanding earnings per share of $1.34 on an adjusted basis, a 24% increase. We generated free cash flow of $169 million. And we continued to return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Today, we announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.10 per share, which will bring total dividend payments for the year to $2.20 per share or 8% increase over last year. Now, with the first half of the year behind us, I feel very good about our business and how we’re positioned for the year. Based on our strong performance, we are raising our business outlook for both, revenues and earnings per share for the year. Now, let me hand over to David. David, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: This is absolutely right. And this is the reason why in my part reporting to you around the business update, I covered Q1 and Q2. I mean, all our business is not driven by quarterly activities. We are selling operating overall cycle, which is the case for these digital related services. So, there is no point you should over-read the kind of quarterly results and much more pulling these results in the context of a much longer term. This is what we mentioned that we have for our seven -- six consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. When you look our digital rotation, count has been double-digit growth for several quarters as well. So, what we are pleased with is the consistency and the duration of our growth in digital and overall Accenture, and not so much quarterly situation.
Pierre Nanterme: When you look at our different industries, we have -- just to set the scene; we have now 13 industry groupings. We are reporting against the [indiscernible]. And I’m pleased to report that 9 out of the 13 enjoy double-digit growth. And so, it’s quite true across the board. So, what’s explaining in the Russian world is the same for health and for banking and capital market. The growth of our business, the growth of our countries and the growth of our industries is directly linked to the speed of the rotation to the new. It is as simple as this. And fact of the matter is that we invested in those digital related services quite ahead of the curve, certainly at the right time; we’ve been lucky enough to execute this strategy at the right time. And now, all our industries including banking and capital markets do benefit from this, what I shown to the new, again digital-related services plus cloud-related services plus security-related services. And so when I look at banking and capital markets, a lot of what we do is around the new. And I guess, if some of our competitors have lower growth, for me, this is certainly the signal that their business is still too much associated to the kind of current core activities, let’s call them classic activities, which might be under pressure. And their rotation to the new is certainly slower than what we are experiencing at Accenture.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. On this question, if you look, and I think we reported that recently that on all, if you take fiscal year of ‘15 acquisitions, 70% of the 38 acquisitions we made was digital related and the one which are not 100% digital related been more around deep industry expertise, and I’ve been highlighting a few. And some we are making from an industry standpoint would cover both topics. But let’s say, it’s a strong 70% growth and the other 30% will be more reinforcing our industry with niche acquisition with extremely deep experts. So far, our planning is to continue with the trajectory we set and we communicated to in the IA day in a way which is very consistent in the range of deploying 20% to 30% of our free cash flow. The 900 to 1 billion this year which is roughly 900 two 1 billionish in terms of cash flow being deployed in our acquisition that would typically in our model account for 2% contribution to our growth. This is still our mindset. Now, if we have the opportunity to flex because there are great opportunities in front us, we will remain flexible.
Pierre Nanterme: When you talk about resources, there are really two stories in resources. We covering three industry segments, of course two of the industry segments are impacted with the overall natural resources and commodity pricing downturn. And the other one the energy and what we are calling CNR or natural resources and then you have utilities. I mean utilities, it is one of our fastest growing industries, above 20% growth for it.
Pierre Nanterme: Just to set the scene publicly, because it’s explaining, although I can see your question, you’re positive with two industries, what explaining that is our resources leadership; we don’t get at the same time in two rotations, if you will, to put it very simply, now rotating to higher growth and higher potential industries and today it is from energy to utilities and then rotating this industry to the new. And if you look at the utility, it is at the same time the 20 plus percent growth is significantly fueled by the rotation to the new.
Pierre Nanterme: I’m pleased to mention that because sometime we believe the rotation to the new is more for the business to consumer kind of industries and banking, the insurance come, the retail consumer goods and so forth. But at Accenture, the rotation to the new is big even in the B2B business. And what we’ve been doing in utilities especially providing superior services in terms of IoT, in terms of grid management and bringing the digital at the heart of the utilities operation, each creating super normal [ph] growth for utility balancing the downside. And this is an opportunity to share with you that’s why we like so much our diverse portfolio of business and diverse portfolio of industries, which is for us absolutely critical in our ability to continue delivering sustainable and predictable profitable growth.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. And the answer is yes. I guess indeed, we had the opportunity to talk about it. But for the last couple of years, we said that you had two massive growth drivers in the marketplace at the high level, one is the digitalization of the industries, which is huge, massive coverage everywhere. And coming together with what we’re calling the rationalization of the operations, and the rationalization of the portion. This is what’s driving good growth in the rest of the business and non-digital specific business in application outsourcing, in application services, in business process outsourcing and that kind of services. You’re right that these last six months or six, seven months, we’ve seen a third engine kicking in which I will call consolidation, what you’re calling M&A. So, we are digitalization, rationalization and indeed we are adding consolidations. And we are, given a very good position with Accenture Consulting, operating at the heart of our clients’ businesses and quite connected to the C-Suite. We are a partner of choice in some of the major consolidation ongoing, on the planet. So, we have the third engine kicking in.
Pierre Nanterme: And maybe I think we’re using or I am using this term a lot that it’s all about the rotation of the business, as we speak. And I believe that the main difference between the winners and the losers is coming from the one who are able to rotate to the high growth areas and to rotate at speed. When you look at the ERP, as David just said, all our strategy, I think the down cycle was to start building capabilities to rotate our ERP to new ERPs and at the time we were calling as an illustration building capabilities, strong capabilities with HANA, which is going to be the next generation and as for the next generation of ERP with SAP. I am taking that as an illustration. And guess what, as we speak, given the investments we made ahead of this HANA S/4 wave, today we are already the number one in implementing S/4 and HANA in the world. We see clearly and you see improving with the results of SAP, a pick up on this new ERP development. And if you move beyond the strict definition of ERP to the broader definition of application packages, then it’s even more spectacular in terms of Accenture positioning. We are enjoying good growth in all the application package and especially with the new stat packages. And I am very pleased with the growth that I am showing with Salesforce; I am very pleased with the growth we have with Workday, with Microsoft Dynamics and some other application package services. So, we benefit from having rotating our ERP to the next generation of ERP and plus having taken a leadership position in this new application package. So, all in all this business is growing.
Pierre Nanterme: When I look to the market, to be honest, I do not see much changes, as we speak. And just to be more specific, I think I always said, it was in October that the overall economic environment is sluggish, to say the least, and it is still sluggish. So, we can’t expect much regarding the environment; it’s unstable, risky, extraordinary complex. That was the case last year; it’s still the case this year. When I am looking at the budget from our plans, I am not seeing any significant change. Again, it’s this story around the three drivers now. Digitalization, all industries are investing in digitizing their operations, because all the leaders and all these industries are subject to disruption, and to massive disruption. So that’s what the new factor in turn. It’s not about being better, it’s not about getting more productivity, it’s about not being disrupted and not being disrupted with not disappearing in the marketplace. This is the right, so I’d say this cycle is here for quite a while and they have to invest. Now, where the money is coming from is for rationalization of the operations. I mean calls for engineering, IT efficiency, it’s all of this, and it’s across the board in many organizations. It’s coming from IT, but as well it’s coming from all the business lines, looking at rationalization, which of course is driving good business for our Accenture Strategy or Accenture Consulting practices to do business process for engineering and profit improvements. We had a rise of what we call [indiscernible] and the work we’ve been doing, one is very public with Mondelez, which now is representing probably the benchmark of how you transform the cost of realization. [Ph] And if you look at more efficiency, you have a good consolidation. And you see some ways of consolidation especially in resources, especially in chemical; of course the Dow DuPont is the perfect illustration of the kind of consolidation that’s happening. And I can mention a few as well in the telecom, given the need to get to superior level of productivity. So, we’d say the environment is for a small as the same along these three drivers and in an economic context, which is non-inspiring.
Pierre Nanterme: All right. It’s time to wrap you. And thanks again for joining us on today’s call. Just saying few words in closing and especially when I see the momentum we have created in our business, when I see our rotation to the new and our gains in market share combined with our continued investment to build a more differentiated Accenture Company, I feel very confident in our ability to deliver against our revised business outlook for fiscal year ‘16 and importantly to continue delivering value for our clients, for our people and for our shareholders. So, we look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best to all of you.
Tien-tsin Huang: Obviously good quarter; I just wanted to dig in on the upside [ph] given the strong book-to-bill, we’ve had revenue $200 million above guidance, and usually a pretty tricky quarter. It doesn’t sound like its large deal oriented either. So, I’m curious, do you have resources to meet this demand, especially given the strength in consulting? I’m asking because I want to gauge your confidence in executing against this momentum within your margin targets. So, I’ll start with that question.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay, great. And just my quick follow-up, just like I asked last quarter, inorganic contribution to revenue and maybe margin, and if you can, David, give it to us across consulting and outsourcing? Thank you.
Tien-tsin Huang: Just same question related to impact to operating margins from the acquisitions, given the cost side of it.
David Rowland: Thanks. So, let’s just kind of start it and work through the points that you made. We did have an even stronger quarter than we had expected, no doubt. As you alluded to, in the mix of the fact that the second quarter can be a more difficult quarter to predict, which you know that well, as you know our business well. And the reasons are that you have the holiday period in there including the New Year period which sometimes can be a little unpredictable in terms of how that impacts our available work days, if you will. And then of course you have the turn to the new fiscal year, which can also create sometimes, temporary changes in buying patterns during that first month or two of the new calendar year. In our case, neither of those things had an impact on us. And to the contrary, the momentum that we’ve had now for many quarters, continued and even built further. And we saw that the upside relative to what we had expected was in our consulting and strategy services combined or our consulting type of work where we had expected double-digit growth but it came in even stronger than we had expected. And Tien-tsin, we’re very pleased that we were able to support that growth with essentially flat headcount versus quarter one, which we view as a very positive thing. And so, as it relates to capacity, we certainly have a supply plan that supports the revenue growth that we’ve projected for the third quarter and the full year. We feel very good about our supply management, and our ability to access talent in the marketplace is as good as it’s ever been.
David Rowland: Well, I would tell you that maybe if I just answered it even in a broader way, I mean the acquisitions are an important part of our investments, but they are not the only part of our investments. Our strategy is to expand our underlying margin at a much higher level than the 10 basis points we reported. And then, we use that headroom to then fund what are higher levels of investments in our business, which includes the impact of acquisitions. So, let me just say that our underlying margin expansion was stronger than the 10 basis points, because our investments continue to grow at a rate faster than revenue and that includes acquisitions among other things.
David Rowland: Well, I’ll make a couple of comments and Pierre may add as well. What I would say is that, I mean the basic answer to your question is no in the sense that what we viewed as consulting is unchanged and obviously likewise the same is true for outsourcing. What we see in consulting is, probably a couple of things. One thing we see is that -- in fact, I guess, I would say it this way. At the foundation of what’s driving our consulting revenue growth is the depth of our industry expertise and the fact that we really operate, not only at the heart of our clients, but at the heart of our industries in terms of being on top of the most important trends and being able to help our clients respond to those trends. And that draws in a lot of our consulting type services. So, if you look at Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, you look at Accenture Digital, that brings us right into the heart of the clients’ high priority agenda, because it’s all grounded fundamentally in industry expertise. The second thing that is driving our consulting growth is the fact that we are establishing ourselves as among the leaders if not the leader in the rotation to the new. [Ph] And when you look at consulting, it reflects it includes by the way systems integration services, which are included on our consulting type of work and our dimension reporting that reflected in app services. But we have a lot of systems integration work over recent quarters associated with clients that are investing in and deploying new technology. And so, maybe I’d just stop there. But our consulting growth is really driven by the things that we’ve been highlighting which are the priority areas that we’re focused on in our growth strategy.
David Rowland: I wouldn’t read anything into, I mean, I guess what I would focus on is that in both quarters, the growth was north of 20% and the north of 25%. I wouldn’t read too much into that. I mean, our digital growth is going to continue to be consistently strong double-digit. And within the context of strong double-digit, you might have some fluctuation, but overall, the growth is outstanding, and we couldn’t be more pleased with not only digital, but also the new, when you look at the growth that we have in cloud related services and security.
David Rowland: Well, I mean there -- as we said before, there are a lot of things that impact our cash flow in a particular year. We have had a couple of day uptick in DSO; that impacts the timing of tax cash payments as an example from year-to-year, can impact the cash flow. Ashwin, what I really focus on is that our cash flow and the range that we provided, our free cash flow continues to be at a level that is greater than net income. And if you remember back to what I’ve started saying three years ago, what I’ve really focused on is the durability of our business model and generating cash flow in excess of net income. And this year continues that trend. And that’s the mark of a -- that’s a very distinctive mark for a very successful cash flow generating business. And so, we’re very pleased with the cash flow. And also, remember that the range that we gave is $300 million, and so it’s a fairly broad range. When you think about the fact we’ve change revenue, we didn’t change cash flow; it is a broad range. But it’s in excess to net income and that’s really what we’re focused on driving.
David Rowland: Yes. We don’t -- we’ve not quantified it in those three buckets. I mean it’s a very smart question to ask. We just haven’t quantified it in those three buckets. And I don’t think we’re going to do it on the call, even if I had the numbers in front of me, which I don’t. But I would tell you, may be sorry to say the obvious, but all three of those things are in the mix, no doubt about it. I mean, we are very pleased with progress that we’re making on the automation front in both the app services and BPO as well. There is no doubt that in the application maintenance piece of application services that there is -- that is a highly competitive environment, which does impact the revenue yield per labor hour in that marketplace. But yes, it’s also important to note Ashwin that if you look at pricing as we define it, which is the margin on the work that we’re selling, our margin in that AO businesses is -- I’m talking about pricing, is holding up quite well. So, we’re managing the trajectory and revenue per head; we’re managing our cost to serve in alignment or actually better than alignment with that trend. And then, we’ve also mentioned that in the market that we’re in now, clients are somewhat universally trying to be more efficient in the cost of ownership of their existing application footprint. And why, they want to do that so that they can invest more in the new. And so, we’re seeing the benefit of that investment in our systems integration business, which is part of our consulting type of work growth; it’s also part of the application services growth, which I mentioned was high-single-digit. So, all three of those things are in the mix and we’re navigating them all.
David Rowland: So, first of all, our strategic objective is to land the fiscal year within that 10 to 30, and so that is what we’re focused on and we balance multiple objectives in any given year within that target range. So, this year, if you look at where we are on a year-to-date basis and when we reflect, not only on the investments that we’ve made year-to-date in our people and our business, and we reflect on the investments that we want to continue to make in our people and our business during the second half of the year, which are clearly in the best long-term interest of our shareholders and investors. The right balance between what we deliver and reported margin expansion this fiscal year and what we need to do to invest in our business and people is 10 to 20 basis points this year. And so, it’s within that target range that we have and it just reflects the balance that we’re making between delivering margin expansion but at the same time continuing the very successful track record that we’ve had of investing in our business and positioning those investments for future year returns.
David Rowland: Well, again if you -- I would focus -- by the way, it’s not an inorganic -- I don’t really want to say issue because it’s not an issue. The inorganic is not driving a notable impact on our cash generation. Again very simply, I would point to two things, number one is, is that although we continue to have exceptional DSOs, they have ticked up. And so, a day or two of DSO has an impact on our cash flow. And the second thing is just the timing of large tax cash payments as an example which can fluctuate. But if you look structurally at our cash flow model and what drives our cash, really fundamentally nothing strange.
David Rowland: Well, I think Pierre might have had in his script that if you look at the new, digital cloud and security, that is approaching 40% of our revenue. So, you can just do math off our revenue to get the dollars. On the ERP, the ERP business continues to be under 20% of our total revenue. Now, we’ll say that we have seen some growth in the ERP space. And so, we have always expected that -- I mean ERP is fundamentally the back -- the technology backbone for all companies, manage their business. We never felt like the ERP business was going to go away. We always have anticipated a cycle where there would be investment in next generation ERP, and we’re part of helping our clients move to next generation ERP. And so, we are seeing some growth in ERP, and we’re very pleased with our ERP business.
David Rowland: I wouldn’t characterize it as so much of a change. I mean, remember, 10 basis points off the top is $30 million. And so, it’s really, we are executing very well, Lisa, against the investment plan that we really started the year with. And on the inorganic front, we are certainly well-positioned to spend probably at the upper end of that range, 900 to 1 billion; so, we would be closer to 1 billion. We continue to invest in our assets and offerings and our people, et cetera. And so, I wouldn’t say that there is -- that we have set a new trajectory. It’s just that you look at the aggregation of our results; you look at where we are year-to-date; you look at our planned investment spending for the second half of the year, which is not materially different from where we started, we just think that the more likely landing zone is in that 10 basis points to 20 basis points. But, the point Lisa that I would reinforce is that it would be incorrect to interpret that as what’s a shift in the underlying economics of our business because underneath that we’re driving much more headroom in our P&L. So, our ability to drive profit improvement in our underlying business is alive and well; it’s just that this year the level of investments and the other factors will put us more in that 10 to 20 basis-point range.
David Rowland: Yes. So, we have not disclosed previously, and so I don’t think we would do it now in terms of the economics -- the full economics of Navitaire, as we owned it. I think from a revenue standpoint, we did give the size -- or we did not give the size. So Ed, we’ve not commented on that, so I’m not going to do that now. In terms of the proceeds from Navitaire, we just put that in the mix and it’s in the mix of our capital allocation plan. And we look at that in the mix and then execute our capital allocation strategy against our total cash of which Navitaire is now a piece of that. But, we don’t think about carving that out and saying now how are we going to use this piece outside of our normal capital allocation strategy.
David Rowland: Yes. So, we are very comfortable against what we view our minimum level of cash to be. And so, we are not concerned at all about our cash balance and in any way don’t think that we are touching or have any issues in terms of the minimum cash that we need to run the business. Navitaire is in our free cash guidance, so it is part of the mix. But, we’re very pleased with our cash position. I mean we anticipated that it would -- it’s progressing exactly as we anticipated. And we think by the end of the year, we’ll be -- our cash balance will be pretty close to where we started. So, we’re in a very strong cash position. And of course we have a lot of opportunities for other sources of capital, should we ever decide that we need to do so.
