Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. I'm very pleased to tell you about our excellent third quarter results, which demonstrate the strong momentum we have seen in our business. Here are a few highlights. We generated outstanding new bookings of $7.1 billion, our highest in 11 quarters. Consulting bookings were $3.7 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $3.4 billion. We grew revenues 15% in local currency to more than $6.7 billion, our highest quarterly revenues ever.  Earnings per share were $0.93, also a quarterly record. This represents an increase of $0.20 or 27% over Q3 last year. We grew operating income 18% to $949 million and delivered operating margin of 14.1%.  We continue to have a very strong balance sheet, with a cash balance of $5.3 billion, and we continued to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semiannual dividends.  We are particularly pleased that our growth is broad-based across industries, growth platforms and geographies, both mature and emerging. And given our strong year-to-date performance, we have raised our outlook for revenues, EPS and cash flow for the full fiscal year. Now I will turn the call over to Pam, who will provide more detail on the numbers.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pamela. Clearly, our excellent results in Q3 so that we are leveraging marketplace opportunities and executing our growth strategy with great discipline. Our focus remains on superior execution, driving sustainable and profitable growth through technology leadership and industry differentiation and delivering value to our clients and shareholders.  We continue to bring the best of Accenture to our clients, growing both the number and depths of those relationships. We are the partner of choice for the world's leading companies, helping them with their most complex mission-critical issues. We are supporting our clients in every major geographic market in which they operate, including our 10 priority emerging markets which together, grew at a significantly higher rate in Q3 than Accenture overall.  We are expanding our technology leadership through our new initiatives, leveraging our unique position as the leading partner for preeminent technology companies. In Mobility, we just announced a major agreement with Nokia to shape up their strategy to transition to the Windows Phone. This agreement will greatly enhance the scale of our Mobility parties through the addition of highly skilled technologies who complement our existing Mobility resources and capabilities.  In Analytics, we opened new innovation centers in Dublin and Barcelona to develop assets and solutions. These new centers, combined with our Analytics capabilities in Milan, Delhi and Mumbai form the core of the growing global network of Analytics innovation centers.  In Cloud, we are developing the leadership position in implementing Software-as-a-Service solutions, helping our clients with everything from creating their cloud strategies to implement public and private clouds.  We are investing in our industry expertise, which continues to be a key differentiator for Accenture. We have an unmatched depths of industry skills, with more than 100,000 people in our operating groups and growth platforms aligned with specific industries.  To accelerate the execution of our growth strategy, we have prioritized our investments around specific industries where we see opportunity for even greater return. One of these is health where this year, we have made great progress in accelerating growth through our differentiated asset and offerings.  Finally, we continue to run Accenture as a high-performance business. As a result, we've been able to deliver strong financial performance and grow market share in virtually every segment of our business.  Before I hand over to Pam, I would like to comment on the macroeconomic environment. Clearly, there is still volatility and uncertainty in the marketplace as governments, primarily in the U.S. and Europe, deal with the days of deficits and debt. However, we also note that the global economy is forecast to grow in the range of 4% this year, and the Global 2000, our clients, are accelerating their investments to compete on the global stage. We are dealing with the challenges of globalization, increased regulation and the need for operational efficiency.  Transformation continues to be an imperative for our clients, and this is driving demand for our services. Now let me turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. To comment on our productivity, indeed from a pricing standpoint, as we mentioned probably in the prior quarter but we can confirm that in this quarter as well, we definitely see stabilization when it comes to the pricing and even some potential uplift in some parts of our business. But definitely, it's moving in the right direction.
Pierre Nanterme: I think the answer is indeed, I mean, we continue to grow our people in our Global Delivery Network, and we will continue to do so next year as well. Now that being said, given the nature of the demand we are facing and the nature of the work as well, we continue to hire people on more onshore and country basis so it's a mix of both, but clearly we continue to hire very significantly in our Global Delivery Network.
Pierre Nanterme: It's declining. It's not that bad. It's just not moving in the right direction given the overall environment. People will be, "Oh no. What's happening with the government?", especially in some specific regions. And I think about U.S., some parts of Europe and even some parts of Latin America is raising some question around investors or investment. Now that being said, we are repositioning that practice with our Public Sector leadership to make sure that we're going to capture the opportunity for growth moving forward. And especially we're doing that in 3 areas, all going to be related to the human services, especially all around the welfare benefit and pension, which are going to be growing market moving forward. All is related to operational management, all the finance and HR operations. And as well, we see some good opportunities in all the defense and public sector, especially around border protection and other activities. So we see some future areas for growth, and we are repositioning our practice to take those opportunities in the coming months.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, thanks for the question. And indeed, in the IA [Investor and Analyst] Day I think we mentioned that those 10 markets put together representing the range of $3 billion in Accenture revenues to give you a sense of what that is and our objective is to move from $3 billion to $6 billion in the next horizon of 2015.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. So on this and what's happening in terms of drivers, we have been seriously working with all those large companies belonging to the G2000, so you need to figure out what their needs are. And indeed, they're facing a huge transformation when it comes to globalization. They made acquisitions they need to integrate now and as well to significantly improve their operational efficiency in order to compete against the new world. So indeed, they need to rationalize their operation and the one way to do it is through ERPs. But when we talk about ERPs as well, they're all developing new features, if you will, especially around Mobility and Analytics, so it's a natural extension of the ERP implementation we are doing. But you need to put that in the context of acquisitions and globalization that the need for them to better run their operation with more efficiency.
Pierre Nanterme: When you look at this, I mean, 10 countries, I mean, you will find the usual suspect of the BRIC and you would add South Korea, you would add Mexico, Turkey, Middle East, South Africa and you're getting to the kind of 10 core emerging markets, and we want to have a footprint in each and every continent as well, which is very important for us. They're growing faster than the average of Accenture. We want to be in those economies because indeed, they're growing as well, faster than the more mature markets. And today, we are very pleased with our progress so far.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, Global Delivery Network for us is where we are delivering, is our industrial's strength, it's all about the manufacturing of the technology of Accenture, if you will. And it's going to remain extremely important. We want in our delivery network to move to the next level of operational efficiency. We want to drive more and more end-to-end programs. We want to deliver to develop key roles around very specific assets and solution or around very specific technology such as the Mobility and the cloud or even the analytics, as I mentioned, with the Mumbai and the Delhi delivery centers. So that's playing a big role in supporting our expansion into mature markets. But as well, when you look at the more emerging markets, we are leveraging our Global Delivery Network because for us, as you know, it is in multiple countries so it's not only India, but we have the Philippines. We have as well the Global Delivery Network in Latin America, in Brazil, in Argentina and as well in China. So this is the way we see the Global Delivery Network in the way to support mature and emerging markets.
Pierre Nanterme: I think so far we see a strong demand in Europe, double-digit growth when you look at the result we have delivered. We do not see any dramatic change in the buying pattern over there. Again, we're working mainly with the large multinationals in Europe, and many of those companies are, of course, operating outside Europe as well, and we are supporting them. Yes, indeed from Europe but in many of their programs, which are much more global.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. And we see, as a minimum, 4 main drivers -- that's coming in my mind as we speak. I mean, the first one is the power of globalization. I mean, despite all what we could hear on protectionism, we believe that globalization will continue and is a key trend and force for clients. To be more specific, they've all been making some significant acquisitions in the past couple of years, and now, they would have to integrate those acquisition to drive more synergies and more efficiency. Of course, the second big driver is around the increased regulation, and that's something which is a kind of must-do. Clearly in Financial Services, you all know about the Solvency II, about the Basel III but you can take the same imperative in the chemical industry, in the pharma industry and in many of the industries outside, especially in energy as well. And most of those clients, especially the big one, are close to complying with those regulation. The need as well for operational efficiency. I mean, productivity is the name of the game. If you want to compete, you need to drive more efficiency out of your operations. And if you're operating on a global stage, I mean, that requires a lot of work and this is why you see more BPO, more Outsourcing kind of work, more of those activities. And finally, especially in the efficiency, all those new technologies are kicking in. And you should combine the Cloud, the Mobility, with all the Analytics, all our clients that need those technology in order to drive more efficiency. So efficiency, globalization, regulation, I mean those are big trends and big forces which should be outside there for quite a while.
Pierre Nanterme: Well, we could tell you the demand is remaining robust because of those big trends I mentioned before. So I'm not sure we can characterize whether we are early in the cycle or late in the cycle. We are in the cycle, we're indeed. And again many of those large corporations, they have to act now, they have to do something in order to again compete at those regulation, being compliant with those regulation. So we are in a cycle which seems to be providing good demand for our services.
Pierre Nanterme: We're probably keeping an eye on all our babies, but clearly, we're putting a stronger eye on public sector, and we are working around this repositioning and we will get there. I think what we are investing in, in terms of differentiated offerings will be, I think, very spectacular in that field. If you look at the other commercial operating group, as we say in Accenture, they're all providing extraordinary strong today revenue growth.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you for -- I think it's time to wrap up probably at this time. So thanks a lot for joining us on the call today. As you heard, we are extremely pleased not only with our strong performance in the third quarter, but also with the good momentum in our business. Next month, on July 19, we will mark the 10th anniversary of Accenture's IPO. Many of you on the call today have been shareholders in those early days. And to you and to all of our investors, I want to say thank you for your continued support. Of course, our success over the past 10 years will not be possible without Accenture's dedicated team of 223,000 men and women around the world who are incredibly committed to the success of our clients.  In closing, we believe that we have the right positioning, the right strategy, and we are executing at scale and at speed to drive our growth agenda forward. We look forward to talking with you again on our Q4 earnings call. Until then, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC to make arrangements for follow-up. All the best.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Pierre. This business outlook for fiscal year 2011 includes fourth quarter revenues and our final view on the year. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.4 billion to $6.6 billion or local currency growth of 10% to 14%, reflecting some moderation in the year-over-year growth rate as we had expected. This range assumes a foreign exchange uplift of 8% for the quarter that is based on the rates over the last couple of weeks.  Turning to the full fiscal year. We are now assuming a foreign exchange impact of positive 3% for the full fiscal year, which has trended up from the positive 2% assumption we provided last quarter. Based on our year-to-date results of 16% revenue growth in local currency and the outlook just provided for Q4, we now expect our fiscal '11 revenue to be in the range of 14% to 15% growth in local currency.  Turning to bookings. After 3 quarters, we have over $20 billion in bookings year-to-date. We now expect new bookings for the fiscal year to land at the upper end of our previously guided range of $25 billion to $28 billion.  Turning to operating margin. We are at 13.5% year-to-date. We do expect year-over-year operating margin expansion in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect operating margin for the full fiscal year to be in the range of 13.6% to 13.7%.  We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28%, a reduction of 1% from our previously guided range.  We now expect earnings per share to be in the range of $3.36 to $3.40. This increased range reflects U.S. dollar growth of 26% to 28% year-over-year and includes our latest, more positive assumptions on revenue, foreign exchange and the annual effective tax rate.  Finally, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion, with property and equipment additions now expected to be $400 million and free cash flow in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion. This represents a $100 million lift in our cash flow outlook.  At our Investor and Analyst Day on April 14, I provided a preliminary view into our fiscal '12 targets for revenue growth in local currency, the growth rate of our earnings per share in U.S. dollars and cash to be returned to shareholders. These targets, including annual revenue growth of 7% to 10% in local currency, continue to be our preliminary view at this point. Our business is expanding, and we could expect this to continue to, albeit at a lower rate of growth going forward.  I will provide our full business outlook for fiscal '12, including any impact of updated currency assumptions when we do our Q4 earnings call at the end of September.  In summary, we are pleased with how well growth has returned to our business this fiscal year, particularly in the 4 commercial operating groups, as well as in the health part of Health & Public Service. Of course, we are vigilant and prepared to navigate the economic volatility and uncertainty in markets around the world. We believe we are well positioned to drive profitable growth based on our commitment to industry differentiation and technology leadership and our proven ability to manage our global business at scale.  KC, let's take some questions.
Pamela Craig: Well, no. I mean, as I just said, 7% to 10% is where we see it at this point, and we have taken into account that the year is coming out a little stronger.
Pamela Craig: No. I think I may have even mentioned last quarter that we were expecting that this quarter in Consulting. And the bookings last quarter $3.8 billion, this quarter $3.7 billion, but our Consulting business does continue to expand and we expect it to tick back up next quarter.
Pamela Craig: Well, we announced the deal this week with Nokia, and I'm not going to tell you the size of it but it is one of those ones that's over $100 million.
Pamela Craig: It's interesting, Rod. We did see the bookings convert quickly to revenue, maybe a little bit more than we expected, which I think makes up for the other part of why the revenues came in a little higher than we -- even more over the top end of the range. But there's nothing else to the first part of your question that we see in there.
Pamela Craig: It was really just about the pipeline and how we saw the stuff coming through. I think in Management Consulting and Technology Consulting this year, we've been running really, really hot. And so it's just sort of kind of a catching up piece that's happening here. But we continue to see strong demand across all 3 parts of our Consulting business.
Pamela Craig: Sure. And as you correctly stated, we will be meeting with the board next month and doing our planning for fiscal year '12, where we will indeed plan both of those pieces and look at the allocation between both of them so it would be premature for me at this point to signal anything there. We're certainly well aware that we do have this cash balance. We do believe it's a nice problem to have, and we will continue to look for tactical tuck-in acquisitions to use that cash as well.
Pamela Craig: Yes. That was really just a tweak, and most of that capital does indeed go into building out our Global Delivery Network. And again, that's where most of that goes and has gone and will go.
Pamela Craig: I think, I mean, as you know philosophically, our objectives in terms of revenue for Accenture overall are to grow ahead of the market. And in operating margin, balancing all the puts and takes and everything that goes in there, including investments, which we will make in these emerging markets, is to strive for modest expansion.
Pamela Craig: Yes. What happened there was we actually didn't go into the market until after our IA Day on April 14. So the repurchases that we made this quarter were very weighted to the end of the quarter, and so that just -- the way that calculation is done, it looks that way but you'll see it go down next quarter.
Pamela Craig: Not really, Arvind. I mean, I think that funding them in sort of more smaller chunks more carefully is indeed the trend and we see that continuing. And we do see transformation projects indeed continuing.
Pamela Craig: Well, I think -- I mean, as you know, I think we really try to be as thoughtful as we can about that. And one of the things that's just clearly the case -- and certainly, we all recognize how much uncertainty and volatility there is out there. But as Pierre mentioned earlier, I mean, we work with the Global 2000, and all of them are focused on very strategic agendas when it comes to globalization, all of the new regulation that's going in, the need to innovate, the need to compete on the global stage. And so we see -- I mean, all of this planning is done very bottom-up, top-down sort of every which way, based on the kinds of things we do, the kinds of offerings we have and the kinds of needs of these clients. So we do our best to take all that into account and also recognize that demand patterns do change. For example, in Japan, there will be different things that our clients there will need, both the public sector as well as their commercial clients. So part of that is anticipating that, being proactive about that and then being positioned for that.
Pamela Craig: Yes. And it was very strong growth in Consulting and, interestingly, nearly every country posted up growth.
Pamela Craig: I think that trend of longer sales cycles, we have seen a bit of that as well. And it doesn't particularly concern us, I think, from the standpoint of we're confident about how those bookings will come on, but we have seen a little lengthening there.
Pamela Craig: Well, as we discussed on Investor and Analyst Day, and Kevin [Campbell] was there, I mean we never will give up on continuing to drive efficiency and productivity in our cost to serve. And that did indeed yield well for us in the third quarter, and we expect that trend continue in the fourth. And that is why I feel confident at this point about our operating margin expansion for the year.
Pamela Craig: Yes, it's not on taxes. The reserve was primarily related to one matter, but we're not going to comment specifically on any matter. And we don't expect to be accruing at that level going forward, and we don't see a significant change to our profile at this point.
Pamela Craig: Yes, I'd be happy to. There was nothing unusual. I think I signaled last quarter that I thought the Consulting bookings might moderate a little bit, and I think it was just -- when you're running so hot as we have been this year, we just expected just a little kind of breath catching and then back to it. So there really isn't anything unusual that we see at this point. Even looking at last year, I'm just looking at the Consulting bookings, the third quarter was the lowest of the year. So there's nothing really funny happening here. And there really isn't anything. As I said, we expect them to tick back up next quarter.
Pamela Craig: We haven't seen anything on that. Of course, if we did, we'd share it with you. But we haven't seen anything on that.
