David Rowland: Great. Thank you for the question. As you’ve heard Pierre and me say several times over the last really couple of years, we are at a period that really calls for us making a significant level of investments in our business to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace and also position ourselves for long-term market leadership beyond just the year that we’re in. And when you look at the 10 to 30 basis point range, that’s a range that we feel very comfortable that we can deliver within. And I would say that the swing factor generally, and it was the case this year, was the extent to which we invested in the business. And as you know, just doing the simple math, the difference in 10 basis points is about $35 million.
David Rowland: And so when you look at this year, we were very pleased with the overall level of investments that we made in the business and it was that marginally higher level of investments that we made. To be clear, our investments were significantly higher, I’m talking about on the margin, even a little higher than the otherwise would have been which resulted in 10 basis points versus 20 basis points. So it’s simply a reflection of the fact that we are managing a large investment pool in the business and on the margin, an additional $35 million one way or the other is the difference between, let’s say, being at the low end or the upper end, but we are quite pleased with the 10 basis points of expansion. We created significantly more expansion in our underlying profitability in order to fund really a material level of investments overall. So we are quite pleased with that dynamic in our results, if you will.
David Rowland: Great, thank you. So, let me just take a minute and just frame how we see the environment and then how that relates to our guidance. I think, first of all, and I don’t think it’s a surprise to anyone on this call, in balance, we see the overall macro environment being more volatile, let’s say, at this time than where it was a year-ago entering fiscal 2016. So we’d see a higher level of volatility overall in the macro environment for the reasons that this group understands very well. Having said that, in that context, our guidance assumes that the market growth, and when I reference market growth, I’m talking about the basket of publicly traded companies. We expect for purposes of managing our business and the outlook that the market growth is going to be very similar in 2017 to what we saw in 2016. And in 2016, to be clear, we saw organic growth in the basket of publicly traded companies of about 2.5%. Now just to pause on that point for a minute that means that in 2016, we had an extraordinary result of growing roughly three times the basket for the full fiscal year, which is really tremendous and a reflection of - the power of our strategy and our capabilities and the relevance of the work that we’re doing with our clients. The overall basket, including the inorganic, grew at about 4.5%. So the market environment that we see is organic of 2.5 overall growth, let’s say, a 4.5% in that range. Now offsetting that so a higher risk profile in the macro - the market growth, as I called out is the fact that we’re starting this year with a high level of confidence, we continued to see strong momentum in our business. And that’s a reflection of the things that we have done very uniquely and positioning our business for the market of today and the market that we see in the future. When you look at what we’ve done organizing around five distinct businesses that can operate and do operate as leaders in their own right individually, but also can come together to do transformational work for our clients in a highly differentiated way. When you look at the extent we have invested in rotating our business to The New, meeting those new and emerging needs of our clients. All of that grounded in our innovation and grounded in our significant industry differentiation through our operating groups and the skills we have there. All of that continues to come together in a powerful way, and we’re very comfortable with the momentum that we have going into the year, all that translates in the 5% to 8% growth. As always, the range represents what we think is the full range of possibilities, we always work hard everyday to be at the upper end of the range. Across the entire range, it would be higher than market growth than we would gain share. And if we were to land toward the upper end of the range, that would continue to be about double the rate of the market growth, of which would be quite a strong result. So hopefully, that gives you the context in terms of how we see the market and our guidance.
David Rowland: We’d see both of those continuing to grow at strong double-digit growth. They will grow significantly higher than the average of Accenture overall. As we said last year, I believe, I think I said either on this call or at IA day is that, while we are very confident in our positioning in The New and the three components, from a planning standpoint or from a guidance standpoint, it’s not prudent for us to assume that it’s going to grow 30 plus percent again, one-month into the year. So we have, let’s say a more practical view, but yet still a view of strong double-digit growth at this point. And as the market opportunity - to the extent it becomes a higher level of growth similar to what we saw this year, then we’ll ramp up our capability and meet that need just as we did in 2016.
David Rowland: Well, as we start the year, maybe – let me answer that through the lens of our five operating groups and that might be helpful in terms of what might be different. If you look at our five operating groups against the 5% to 8% range, at the top end of the spectrum, if you will, you have products, which is the operating group that is positioned for the strongest level of growth. And we think it’s likely that products would deliver a level of growth that is above the range of 5% to 8% and really continue to lead the way for the growth in Accenture. Now will it be as high as it was in 2016? I don’t think anyone would expect us to assume a repeat of 18%, but yet it will continue to be very, very strong. On the other end of the spectrum, we have resources. And resources is really doing a brilliant job navigating what continues to be a very difficult environment. We do expect to see continued pressure, if you will, in energy and chemicals and natural resources, I would say no different than what we saw last year. We also continue to expect utilities to be a very strong performer for us. But on balance, when you net that together, we think it’s likely that Resources is going to be below that 5% to 8% range, still flat to positive growth, but below that range. And then in the middle, we have Financial Services, H&PS and CMT. And while we continue to expect strong growth for those three operating groups in that band of 5% to 8%, for different reasons, the growth will be, let’s say, lower than the strong growth that several of those operating groups delivered in 2016. Still very healthy growth, mind you, and growth that represents taking share in the case of all three of those. But at this point in our guidance, we’re not assuming that those three operating groups would deliver above the 8%. So when you say what’s different, with products, it’s more of the same, maybe not quite as strong as it was last year. Resources continues to have the headwinds with the two verticals in particular. And then the other three operating groups, we see right in that zone. And by the way, I think I might have said 18% for products, I meant to say 15%. I misspoke on that. So they were 15% for the year.
David Rowland: Yes, I would say that when you look out through the consulting and outsourcing lens first, so the type of work lens, we see the consulting being in the high single-digit growth, at the high single-digit level, so continued again very strong growth above the market, taking share. We see outsourcing as a type of work in the mid to high single digits. And those two combined support the 5% to 8% range. I think probably more interesting is to talk about it through the dimensions of our businesses. We see strategy and consulting combined in the mid to high single-digit range. And again, that would represent very strong growth in that segment of the market. We see application services in the mid single-digit range. We see operations in the high single-digit to low double-digit range. And again, in The New, as I mentioned, we see continued strong double-digit growth across all three components, but let’s say led by digital-related services.
David Rowland: Yes. First of all, let me say we were quite pleased with our growth in Financial Services in Europe. We have a very strong practice. We have a strong leadership, a great team broadly. And I think it just speaks again to the differentiation that we have, in this case, in Financial Services Europe, and the extent to which they are really bringing the full power of our strategy to serve our clients, which have a variety of needs. If I remember correctly, Pierre focused on a few demand drivers in Financial Services that continued to be present in the fourth quarter and we believe will continue to be present going forward. I mean, the first demand driver – first of all, the backdrop is, I think, as we know, Financial Services is a very technology-intensive sector, especially if you’re thinking about banking and capital markets, specifically. Within that, I would say the three demand drivers continue to be significant investment in digitizing the customer channels, so what we refer to, the sector refers to as distribution and marketing. There are significant investments to digitize the channel as a way to drive growth in the bank. Alongside that, for reasons that we understand, there’s significant focus on cost rationalization and increasing to a much higher level the cost efficiency of the bank, both to deal with, let’s say, the structural pressures of a lower interest rate environment, regulatory pressures, et cetera, but also to create capacity to invest for the growth through digitizing really the enterprise but especially the channel. And then a third driver would be risk and regulatory broadly, where we have a market-leading capability and that serves us very well. So when you look at the fourth quarter, all three of those things were at play globally but certainly in Europe. And we think we’re well positioned and we think that banks, in spite of these disruptive forces, continue to have the need to invest in transforming for profitability and investing for growth. And we are well positioned to help them with that. When you look at the backdrop of Brexit, specifically in Europe, we have not seen any material impact to date. We didn’t see that in the fourth quarter and we don’t see anything in the first quarter. Having said that, we along with everyone else continue to be very focused on it. The Brexit story, if you will, will play out in the months, if not years, to come. And so we watch that very closely. We’re not blind to the fact that, that could represent some risk. And we are working hard to anticipate those, should they occur, and then respond accordingly.
David Rowland: Thank you very much. The tax rate - the accounting change for the tax rate for share-based compensation gives us a benefit because effectively we get a higher tax deduction when the share price at the time that a share is delivered is higher than the price at the time that the share was granted. And so in this environment, where we’ve had such strong appreciation in our share price, that created the tax benefit, which as I called out, was just under 2%. So to answer your question, will that continue over time? It will continue over time to the extent our share price continues to appreciate, such that our share price at the delivery date is higher than what it was at the time we granted. So you can take a point of view on where you think our share price will head, and then that would inform you as to whether or not that would benefit us going forward. On the headcount, was the second part of your question, as you look forward to next year, there is an interesting evolution, if you will, on how we talk about headcount even externally. And really, as you think about our focus on these five distinct businesses, each of which has a unique talent, strategy and supply demand model, it’s more nuanced, if you will, in terms of how we communicate headcount related data. And so what I would say in general is that we have a history of hiring to meet the demand that we see in the marketplace. We do it very effectively. Our utilization for many, many quarters has been managed really at industry-leading levels. And so as we look forward, our headcount is going to evolve in a way that meets the demand that we see in the market. And what we take comfort in is that we think talent management and our ability to access talent in the market is as good as anyone in our industry. And we feel very confident that we will secure the talent in the quantities we need to support the growth that we’ve provided for in our guidance.
David Rowland: Yes. So that’s a very good question, I’m glad you asked it. And so when you use the word core, just to level set everyone, you’re referring to that portion of our business that it is not in the roughly 40% we identify as in The New. So you are talking about the 60%. And I think the important point to make there and Pierre has made this point several times previously as well, is that our investment agenda and our innovation agenda covers the full scope of our business, including the 40% that we identify with The New and the 60% that we identify outside of The New. So again, we have a very vibrant business outside of that which we identify as being digital, cloud or security. So the point is, is that we do invest to maintain vibrancy in our core business. And our goal, just as it is in The New, is to grow our core faster than the market and take share. If you look at the year that we just completed, we estimate that our core grew – had positive growth, albeit in the single-digit, low-single-digit range as by design, the vast majority of our growth comes from new, which is the essence of our strategy. But nonetheless, our core business continued to grow and we estimate that it grew faster than the market and we took share. And we invest for that growth and we focus on it as a key part of our business. An example of that would be something that, again, I think, Pierre has referenced, Bhaskar Ghosh who leads technology has talked about this in different forums. But an example of that would be the investment that we’ve made in our myWizard, platform, which fundamentally reinvents, if you will, innovates around the way we do core application services work through the use of a automated tool that includes an intelligent agent or agents in the case of this tool, and really just helps us deliver application services work in a way that is more efficient and more effective. When you look at, for example some of the investments that we’ve made in our strategy and consulting business, while our strategy and consulting business is focused on The New, consistent with our strategy, there are parts of our strategy in consulting business that are not in that bucket that we call The New. When you look at the investments that we make in that part of our business, for example, the acquisition that we just announced of Kurt Salmon, which gives us an industry-leading strategy capability in the resell sector and it really strengthens our position there. Certainly, a part of that investment benefits us in The New, but there’s a part of that investment of that is the core strategy capability in retail that is part of the 60% that we benefit from as well. So we invest in both parts of the business and in both cases, our intent is to be a leader, to grow faster than the market and take share.
David Rowland: Good question. And I have to say, thanks for not asking me the margin question first. You’ll ask that one, I’m sure. So Lisa, what I would say is that when you look at the maturity curve for The New, and I think this applies to digital, it applies to the each of the three components within digital that we talked about, analytics, mobility and Accenture Interactive, it applies to cloud adoption and it applies to security. I would say, across the board, universally, we are on the low end of the curve, if you will. Or to say differently, we are in the early innings of the adoption curve. And so these are ways that we think have a lot of runway in front of them. Paul Daugherty would give you a more eloquent view as our Chief Technology Officer, our Chief Technology Strategist. But I feel comfortable that he would say that, certainly this is a decade-long, if not beyond a decade-long adoption curve for these new technologies and really, the profound impact that they will each have on the way global businesses and governments operate. And so I would say we’re early stage in the adoption. And this wave has a long runway in front of it.
David Rowland: Well, again, I think you have to look at the fact that – I want to make sure that in the way I answer that question that I start with the fact that we feel very good about the momentum in our business and we feel very good if we work within the range that we guided to, and that would represent, we think, market-leading performance. Now having said that, why would it be different? I don’t want this to sound negative because, in fact, we’re very positive. But when you think about month one of the quarter and when you think about the operating groups and the industries that have had really extraordinary double-digit growth, in many cases, not only for the last year, but for the last two years, right, as confident as we are in many of our industries, as we sit here in the first month of the year to assume that all of those industries and all of those geographic markets are going to continue at the same level of extraordinary double-digit growth for a third year in a row would just probably wouldn’t be prudent. Now does that mean that we don’t have confidence in our industries? No. Does that mean that our business runners aren’t working hard every day to hit the repeat button and do again what they’ve done in the last two years? Absolutely not. But Pierre and I have a responsibility to be balanced and prudent in the way we set our expectations externally. And that’s what’s reflected in our guidance. And again, that’s not to say that our guidance is conservative in any way because we don’t. We think it’s very good guidance in the context of the market growth and it’s entirely consistent with our strategy to be a leader and grow faster than the market. But if some of these industries have strong, but let’s say lower growth than they’ve had the last two years, then that would put us in the 5% to 8% range. And that is the possibility in several of our industries.
David Rowland: Yes. So I’ll start at the end, and then work back. What’s driving that assumption is that we don’t see anything as we sit here today that would fundamentally change the dynamics that we see in the market, let’s say, as we look out over the next four quarters. We see more of the same. And what we see is an organic market that would continue to grow in that 2.5% range, which means that we are making our own market through our differentiation, the uniqueness of our strategy, leveraging the power of our investments to drive a level of organic growth that is meaningfully higher than that to take share. But we don’t see anything that would meaningfully change that underlying organic growth of about 2.5%. So in other words, we’re not speculating on – you pick your black swan of the day, we’re not speculating on some black swan event that would materially change the market. If that were to happen, all companies will be revisiting the impact of something like that, should it occur. In terms of the – again, I almost hate to use the word deceleration because in almost all cases, our growth ambitions for the vast majority of our verticals continue to be quite strong and well above the market, albeit at lower levels than, in many cases, the very, very strong double-digit growth we’ve had the last year, if not two years. And so deceleration, what I would say for many of our verticals, we’ve assumed lower but still strong growth is the way I would characterize it. Energy and chemicals and natural resources, we don’t see a catalyst for change. We think those industries are going to continue to be tougher, let’s say, continue to be tough as we go through the fiscal year. As I mentioned, we have seen some pressure in communications in Europe in particular. And although we are very pleased with our growth in Financial Services, in banking and capital markets specifically, I would say that is an industry that we are watching, through Richard Lumb’s leadership, we are watching very, very carefully and very closely.
David Rowland: Yes. So the 2% would align very closely to an assumption that we spend about $1 billion, which is what we’ve assumed in our capital allocation strategy, if you will. Could it be higher? As Pierre and I have said, we have the willingness and the courage, if you will, and the capacity, the fire power, to spend more than $1 billion should we have the right opportunities. And if the right opportunities presented themselves, then we have no reservations, no concerns and complete flexibility to go above $1 billion if the circumstances were right. And so, in theory, could it go higher? It could go higher and we’ll just have to see how the year plays out. A lot of it has to do with the timing of when those would occur.
David Rowland: Yes. On DSOs, we are managing to have our DSOs in the 40-day range. We had been signaling that DSOs, really, for many years, that our DSOs would tick up, but still be industry-leading. And right now, we are assuming DSOs in the 40-day range for next year.
David Rowland: Yes, I would say that – I mean, just in terms of color, I would say that we are investing in talent acquisition literally in every major market that we have around the world. When you look at our five businesses, you can connect the dots and see where we have more, higher growth, let’s say, in strategy and consulting as an example, but not just limited to strategy and consulting, in digital, I might add. Certainly, a lot of that talent acquisition investment is in each of the markets that we operate in around the world. I would also point out though, the digital is – I’m sorry, the GDN also supports and is very integral to a big part of The New. And so we are investing in differentiated skills, obviously in cloud and in security, in digital in the GDN as well. But again, we’re very comfortable with our ability to acquire talent and to ramp that up as we need to as the market growth evolves throughout the year.
David Rowland: Well, again I think just quickly, as we’re running out of time, I would say that I can’t comment on our competitors. What I can say is that the resiliency – so let me back up. A key tenet of our strategy, our growth strategy, is to create durability and resiliency in our business. And that is reflected in our focus across five businesses. It’s focused in our investments to lead in The New and it’s focused and it’s rooted in the focused, but diverse portfolio that we have across industries and across geographies. And whereas maybe some of our competitors, you can apply this to who you want, are more dependent on one or two or three verticals and one or two markets, that’s not the case with Accenture. And that is, in fact, the differentiator and probably colors our comments in our results versus some of our competitors, all of whom we respect, but yet we think we are differentiated for the reasons that I mentioned. Again, in addition to chemicals and energy and natural resources, we’ve got our eye on communications, in Europe in particular. And while we haven’t seen any impacts at this point in banking and capital markets, we’re not blind to the dynamics of the Brexit and how it could evolve. And Richard Lumb, who is our Group Chief Executive for Financial Services, is very focused on staying on top of that, and we’ll see how it plays out, but I would say, so far, so good.
David Rowland: Right. Thank you very much. Okay, so let me just close out the call and thank everyone again for joining us on the call. Hope you found it helpful and insightful. As we enter fiscal 2017, we are very pleased with the ongoing momentum in our business, with the differentiated capabilities we are building, our continued rotation to The New and our disciplined management of the business, we are very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and driving profitable growth. On behalf of Pierre and our entire leadership team, I want to thank all Accenture people around the world for their hard work, dedication and commitment to our clients in our business and to delivering another excellent year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions at all, please feel free to reach out to KC. Thank you.
