Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us. Today we are very pleased to announce strong financial results for the first quarter, continuing our momentum from fiscal year ‘19. We are especially pleased with our revenue growth of 9% in local currency, well ahead of the market, which is broad-based across all dimensions of our business. We also delivered strong profitability and again returned substantial cash to our shareholders. Our strong results across industries and geographic markets reflect the diversity and scale of Accenture's business around the world. We are very well-positioned to continue creating value for all our stakeholders. We're off to a great start in Q1 and we feel confident in our ability to deliver another strong year in fiscal ‘20.  Now, let me hand it over to KC who will review the numbers in detail. 
Julie Sweet: Great! Let me give you a color. So happy holiday to you too Lisa and thanks for joining us. So our acquisition strategy continues to be centered really around three focused sales – focus areas. The first is scaling in the hot skill areas where we see a big market opportunity. The second is continuing to add skills and capabilities in The New. And then the third is deepening our industry and functional expertise. And as you might imagine, acquisitions don't always fit exactly into one of those three; they often cross those. So let me just give you like a little bit of sense of just the three that we just announced in the last few months.  So if you start in the U.S., we announced that we're buying, we're acquiring Clarity Insights, which is a leading provider of data science and applied intelligence capabilities. They are very focused on three industries; Healthcare and Financial – banking capital markets and insurance, which are priority areas for us globally and in particular in the U.S. And at the same time they bring with them accelerators that will help us bring more speed to value for our clients, and they are focused on one of our most important markets, so they are helping us scale where we already have scale, but it's a very hot area in Applied Intelligence, because it really crosses our services.  Then if you move around the world and go to Europe, Silveo which we announced and expect to close actually just in a couple of days which is headquartered in London, they are a company that's focused on supply chain and manufacturing and particularly solutions on SAP and Dassault Systems which are both important partners. And so they are very much a part of our industry X.O strategy and at the same time providing scale and functional expertise in core areas for us; SAP, Dassault Systems and supply chain.  And then if you move again around the world to China, where I was just there a few weeks ago, we're really excited about future move automotive. I actually spent a few hours there myself, really touching and feeling the work that they're doing and they are digital and mobility service provider for the automotive industry in China, incredibly advanced right, working with leading automakers there and what's so exciting is not only does this acquisition help us really partner with our clients in China, but they are advanced services and what they are doing with the connected car is something we’ll be able to leverage and bring as innovation all around the world, because we have important clients who are not only operating in China, but in the U.S. and Europe.  And so that just sort of gives you a flavor and as you can probably tell, I'm so enthusiastic about what our team is delivering here, because it's very much targeted on making an impact close to clients in our markets around the world, but also bringing us skills that we can leverage around the world. 
Julie Sweet: It's very much more of the same in the sense of enterprise-wide transformation and then a focus on innovation, particularly around the growth agenda, and then continuing to optimize operations, and that really, that's been the theme and it continues to be the theme. In fact, I think since September 1 I've met with over 100 C-suite executives, and I'm very confident of – that we have a pulse on the demand and that we have the capabilities they need.
Julie Sweet: Hi Joe, this is Julie. Happy holidays! So maybe just kind of going across, let me just start with Financial Services, right. So on the Financial Services side, as you say Europe continues to be a challenging market in the industry and for us, and so we expect that we're going to continue to face challenges there, particularly in the UKI right. But overall our Financial Services business, if you look at North America and the growth markets, you know it remains robust, right. But we continue to expect challenges in Europe.  If you just look at – take it up a little [ph] across the dimensions of our business and our industries, North America delivered very strong results. We are seeing continued momentum there. We have a very strong business in Europe, and so while we've got pockets of pressure in Financial Services and the other area I would call out in Europe is we have seen pressure in industry and automotive. But otherwise Europe remains a strong business, and in fact 12 out of 13 of our industries this quarter had positive growth.  And then the growth markets keep being strong really across-the-board. The only other place of pressure that I would call out was in North America, we did also see not surprisingly some pressure in industry and automotive.
Julie Sweet: Sure. I mean maybe just to start with, you know our philosophy right around people and size, because you know every time we hit a milestone, it's always ‘can you keep doing it? Are you able to get the people?’ and so first of all our philosophy is that we can continue to grow in size as long as what our people are doing is the high-value work that drives our financial objectives, right, and so we're very focused on what our people are doing versus how many people we have, because the size part of it is about our ability to manage and we're really good at that, right.  Like over the years we've made the adjustments, we've done the things we need to do to focus on our clients and our people, and so the big focus for us is on what our people are doing, which ties to the demand that we see in the market, right.  We are early innings of digital transformation, enterprise-wide transformation. We are constantly seeing new emerging tech. You know for example, we're doing some great work with [Inaudible] Japan where we're putting in one of the most significant early examples of using block-chain to drive their business or creating a platform that allows their customers to access other financial products. That's very new cutting-edge, right, we're still at the beginning. So we see the demand for these new high-value services still quite early.  Then you look at the model itself. We don't see the model today as being linear. I mean one of the things that people often talk about is well, you’re continuing to grow. But underneath that is we've been automating; we've been using people and their talents differently. I mean we often talk about the automation in our operations business where there, we actually didn't let people go. We automated and then up-skilled them to do the higher-value work, but not just in operations, but if you look at our other assets.  So we are constantly – we don't have a linear model today, because we are constantly doing what we're doing for our clients, is leveraging technology to change the mixture of how we are using tech and our people to again continue to focus on the higher-value services, and so you know we are – and hopefully that gives you kind of the color for how we think about our model. 
Julie Sweet: Yes, and Bryan I would just add – this is Julie, that again as I talked about earlier, although obviously we look at strategy and consulting, tech services and operations separately and report on that, you know remember that our focus really has been because of the demand we see in the market, on our unique business model that brings these services together, and so it's not so much. You know you can't really – for us the way we manage our business, it's not that wait, there's a big surprise in strategy consulting, because KC's giving the answer around industries and clients because a lot of our work is actually bringing all of these services together to meet the needs we're seeing in the market.  And so while we do report this to give you that insight into the types of work, when we are thinking about what's happening it's much more focused, it is only focused on clients, what are their needs, and how are we bringing these services together. And that really is the power of Accenture, is that we're able to bring these services together.  And if you think about what our clients need right now, I mean as I said, I literally in the last four months, almost four months spent time with over a 100 C-Suite executives and top of mind for them is the importance of making sure they are going to get value. And that's why they want to partner with us, is because we're bringing the teams and we're able to really give them confidence in outcomes and we're able to point to the execution we've done with other clients and demonstrate the value, and that we're bringing that learning.  And I think particularly as we see this inflection in the marketplace, moving from pilots and use cases to this enterprise-wide transformation, multiyear programs, it's more important than ever that we're able to bring these services together for our clients.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Well, Kimberly-Clark is a great example of what we see is the demand in the market, which is for a company to bring together not only world-class creative, but the digital capabilities, as well as the advisory capabilities to truly transform the customer experience, right. And you’ll hear that term now a lot. We believe we're the only company today that actually has all of the capabilities that are needed in order to deliver a very different customer experience.  And so while I know you think of it as going up straight against the agencies, what we think about it is what the clients are looking for is not just the creative agency and you see that in the industry as the industry, the broader creative industry is also expanding into these capabilities.  The fact of the matter is very difficult to have creative, it's equally difficult to have depth and breadth in the digital and technology capabilities that our clients need, and so we believe that our competitive advantage here is to have such strong creative capabilities coupled with, like just unparalleled digital and technology capabilities at a huge scale in every major market. Because remember Accenture Interactive, we have built around the world, right, and we've got it – you know and I was in the studios in China, we have it in Australia, across Europe, as well as the U,S.  So we're extremely proud of the work that Accenture Interactive under the leadership of Bryan Whipple, but his entire team have done, that its powered by the rest of Accenture, right, all of these skills and capabilities. That is very hard for anyone to replicate in our view. 
Julie Sweet: Okay, thanks Bryan. So thanks everyone again for joining us on today's call. We are very pleased with our strong start in fiscal ‘20 as you've just heard and we are well-positioned to achieve our updated business outlook for the year. We will stay laser-focused on continuing our current momentum, capturing the opportunities in the marketplace and creating value for our clients and all of our stakeholders.  I want to wish you all, our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture and your families all the best for the New Year. And finally, I want to thank each of our people around the world, you are what makes Accenture unique and special. I will see everyone on the road. 
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So happy holidays to you to Lisa. In terms of our expected contribution to revenue in full fiscal year ‘20 from inorganic, we continue to expect it to be about 2%, which was in line of what we also had last year. And in terms of focus areas, I’m going to hand it over to Julie. 
KC McClure: Yes sure. Hey Jos, thanks for joining. Yes, so you're right, you've heard us talk about – and you know us very well. You know that our history of bookings, you do see lumpiness. And I think really the most important thing and that's within that is that we're very pleased with the demand for our services in the marketplace, and if you think about that in the backdrop of bookings.  So we're coming off a quarter, Q4, which was our records bookings quarter, and that was a record by more than $1 billion. We had strong bookings that came in the range that we expected in quarter one, right, and we talked about that last quarter. We tend to have it seasonally, lower quarter in one, so again this met our expectations, and that very importantly we have a strong pipeline and we see strong bookings in quarter two.  And I think the other part of demand that's important, and you saw this in our results in the first quarter as well, is that we have broad-based demand in our revenue, right, and we far exceeded the upper end of our guidance by more than $160 million. So you would see that bookings demand – you see the demand in the market coming through our bookings, both in terms of what we've done last quarter, bookings coming in the range that we expected this quarter, a strong pipeline with strong bookings expected in quarter two, as well as broad-based, over-delivery of our expected range in the first quarter in revenue, which allowed us to increase our revenue range for the year.
KC McClure: Yeah, so thanks for the question and hello Tien-tsin. In terms of how we look at our business as you all know, we first always start with looking at operating margin, and because the way our payroll costs works as you well know Tien-tsin, based on the activities that we have people doing from quarter-to-quarter and the demand that we see in the marketplace, you can see differences in the different segments of our income statement.  So as it relates to the gross margin increase this quarter, it is tied to the sales and market, what's happening in sales and marketing, where we have more people out working our pipeline. So that will help our gross margin, and then you'll see the offsetting impact in sales and marketing. And you're right, that does tie in to the statements we've made of having – continuing to have a very strong pipeline. 
KC McClure: Yeah, so pricing – you know the environment for pricing remains competitive, right, and that's always the nature of the work that we do. Now within that, we are able to see pricing differentiation in areas where we're differentiated, where we've invested, and we do continue to see that we have pricing improvement in some areas of our business continuing in this quarter. It’s a constant focus for us and that really is the key part of – the key first lever to really driving our margin expansion pricing. So we are always – we always have been and will always continue to be focused on driving pricing that's the right value for the client and for Accenture. 
KC McClure: Yeah, hi Dave. So in terms of looking at The New, I think really what you're touching on is the growth rates that we've had over the last few years and we continue to have very strong growth rates in The New. And as you look at that scale right of our business, I mean you would anticipate that even very strong growth rates would slow a bit, but again be very strong just based on scale.  And if you look at the other portion of our business, let's call it the non-New or the core, we continue to see that that is stabilizing; it's been decreasing at about a mid-single digit rate and that's by design, that's our strategy, but it's been pretty consistent over the last few quarters.
KC McClure: Yeah, so we did have this quarter a small benefit below operating income where we had, we indeed do have non-operating income this quarter as opposed to what you saw in quarter one of last year, which was non-operating expense. So as a reminder last year, we adopted a new revenue - a new accounting standard that require that we marked our investments to fair market value, and while we don't have a large investment portfolio, what you will see Dave from time-to-time that may cause a little bit more variability in what we have a non-operating income and non-operating expense.  In this quarter we did have a gain in non-operating income on some of our investments and that was offset by some FX losses as well, but it was a net gain this quarter in non-operating areas and it will fluctuate probably slightly more than it has in the past, really just because of that accounting change.
KC McClure: Yeah, so we were really pleased overall with our revenue growth rate for this quarter Bryan, and obviously at 9% growth, which was as you mentioned a beat, $160 million higher than we expected. But the other thing that we were very pleased with is the fact that it was also a broad-based over-delivery.  Now if I had to point out two areas in particular, I'd point to health and public service, particularly in North America, which was strong both in the health, industry, as well in the public sector industry and that's a statement overall for North America including our federal practice. And then also products that continue to have very good [ph] in life sciences, as well as consumer goods, retail and travel.  And so what you'll see is that we do and we continue to expect Bryan that we will have for the full-year consulting in the mid-to-high single-digits growth and outsourcing also in the mid to high single growth rate. 
KC McClure: Yeah, and I will maybe just reiterate a couple of the points, and some of that you also mentioned. So we were pleased with our business in Europe this quarter and we did have broad-based growth and it wasn't 12 of the 13 industries. And importantly it was high single to double-digit growth and nine out of that 13, and so that's really important to us, and that's something that we're very focused on and we're very proud of, the overall broad-based nature of our business in Europe and the diversity that we have. Then I think you'll see it has been and continues to provide some durability in that market.  Now as we've mentioned, you know we do continue to have a focus on banking capital markets in Europe and that's particularly in the UK. So we do have some more work to do in that area, and as also as Julie mentioned, we do have some pressure in industrials and the automotive as well in Europe. But I just would point back to the double-digit growth that we Italy, Germany and Ireland as well. And so we're very focused on continuing in that market to drive the transformation that Julie was talking about, the she sees and talks with all the C-Suite about in her travels throughout the world. 
KC McClure: So Ashwin, in terms of how we think about those two elements, right. In terms of margin, I think it's important to just point out that we always continue to look for modest margin expansion. But more importantly to us is that we're doing more than just the modest margin expansion as you well know that goes to our bottom line. We are doing more underlying margin expansion, so that we can invest at scale in our people and in our business for long-term market leadership, so that's a key part.  And on free cash flow, you know that continues to be – you know there's no change there. I mean this year you’ll see that we managed that part of our business by looking at free cash flow to net income ratio, right, and this year again it's 1.1% to 1.2%. And as you think about that, while I won't guide for that long term, you know strong free cash flow will continue to be an anchor of how we run Accenture. 
KC McClure: Well, I guess what I'd say is, if you think about what we're doing with respect to, you know for example Accenture Interactive, that work is almost always a combination of marketing plus-CIO, often plus the business units right, because the work is not – you know really is around customer experience and so where the budget sits really varies by company, and some companies you'll have budget sit with the Chief Digital Officer right. So what we – our focus is less on the specific budgets and more how are we serving the different needs of the enterprise.  So if you just – and remember we go back to really – we think about it in three things; building the digital core, so 40% of our business growing double-digit today is in our intelligent platform services our five big platforms, because that's all about next-gen platforms right. Similarly our cloud business is there.  Then we have the optimizing operations, so you've got a $6 billion scaled business growing high single-digit to double-digit, right, which is all about optimizing and making sure that within the functions, as well as industries they've got access to the best technologies in a most efficient way.  And then on top of that you have the growth agenda like Accenture Interactive which is $10 billion. We announced last quarter with strong growth, as well as the new areas like connected products and services. And so we continue to focus – our big next focus area is Industry X.O, which is growing on our historic work and manufacturing and supply chain to the new and really going after that part of the enterprise along with the market, because that's not digitized as fast to say customer experience and that's really how we think about the business. 
KC McClure: Yeah, Happy holidays to you too Bryan. I mean we look at that over a full year. So I would say you know 2% inorganic for the full-year is the number that I would continue to focus on. 
