Julie Sweet: Sure. So, thanks, Tien-tsin, for the question. Maybe, I'll start with the last part of your question. In terms of how we're thinking about growth in fiscal 2020 for consulting and outsourcing, we expect for the full year that growth for consulting and outsourcing, they'll both be in the mid-to-high, single-digit range, and that's baked within our 5% to 8% guidance for the year.  And taking your booking questions, as you mentioned, we had record bookings for this quarter, $12.9 billion. And if you peel that back and look at our consulting bookings, we also had bookings at $6.1 billion in consulting type of work, and that's one of our highest booking quarters ever, and it was out of our book-to-bill target of 1.0 or higher.  And I think importantly, Tien-tsin, as well, we feel really good about the pipeline that we have as we enter in the beginning parts of fiscal 2020, and we say that on an overall broad base in terms of all aspects of our business.  And so, when you peel that back and you look at overall what we've done in terms of our bookings for the fourth quarter in consulting, our overall bookings at $12.9 billion, a record, as well as our strong pipeline as we head into fiscal 2020, we still see – we see balanced growth across both types of work.
Julie Sweet: Yeah, in terms of our bookings, I think if you take a look at how we position bookings and think of it from a quarterly basis, and we've said this kind of historically, they can be lumpy from quarter to quarter. And really what we're looking at in terms of our overall booking is that we meet on a prolonged period our bookings targets, which for consulting or anything from 1.0 and above which we did this year and this quarter, and for outsourcing which tends to be 1.1 and above over a prolonged period. In this quarter, we did 1.4. So, we expect that there will be some variability. You saw that certainly this year where we had really strong bookings in quarter two. We had it a little bit lighter as it relates to the rest of the full year and quarter three, and we signal that based on our pipeline, we thought that we would have very strong bookings in Q4, and indeed we did. So, that's something that we're very used to. As we think about FY 2020, we tend sometimes to have – Q1 might be a little bit of a lighter bookings in relation to the rest of the quarter, but again this – coming off a particularly very strong year, in quarter four, that may be the case as well for this year, but we feel very strong – we feel very good about our strong pipeline as we enter into 2020.
Julie Sweet: I'll let KC address the specific uptick around the attrition, but let me give you a broader perspective on how we look at talent. So, one of our greatest strengths, right, is how we manage talent and people. And so, if you look at it at any given time, we are always adjusting the use of technology in our business and the talent that we then need to hire. And so, we have talked about it in the context of our operations business. But when you think about the work that we do in technology with our myWizard platform where we're using the latest in artificial intelligence and analytics to help our clients, that was work that, five years ago, we used people. And so, we don't think about this as a particular sort of strategy to do X, but that at any given time, we are continuously innovating how we are giving services and then adjusting what that means for our talent, and we do that really seamlessly quarter to quarter and year to year.
Julie Sweet: David, I would think about – really think about what we're seeing in the business because really our clients are focusing on enterprise-wide transformation. And what that requires is that we bring all of our capabilities together, really from strategy to operations. And you saw that on the bookings we had this last quarter of 16 clients with over $100 million. And just to give you an example, we're working in products with – one of those was a products company, Fortune Global 100 who is transforming HR using everything from our strategy capabilities to our operations capabilities to transform the experience from hiring to retirement and, at the same time, drive down costs. And our competitive advantage in this market is that we are able to bring all of those capabilities. And what we're seeing is that boards and CEOs are really focusing on the enterprise-wide transformation which means large and strategic programs which is what we are very uniquely positioned to deliver.
Julie Sweet: That's going to be a very seamless transition to Simon. He's been working in Products for most of his career and brings the deep both – industry, operational and sales expertise. So, that should be very seamless.
Julie Sweet: I think, Bryan, it is important to look at, again, what our clients are doing when we think about where we are in our growth strategy. As I said earlier, we do see our clients at the very early stages of their transformation. And so, really think about what is happening in three buckets.  The first is, they are building out their digital core, right, which is establishing the technology foundation. And so, in the scale parts of our business, intelligence platform services, which is all about the next gen platform, that's 40% of our business today growing double-digits because they need – our clients need to establish that new foundation that's going to fuel the enterprise transformation. At the same time in the digital core, we're still in the early stages of scaling areas like data, right, how our clients are going to be able to find and curate that data which is just really beginning when you think about how much data there is, security which is only at $2.5 billion and then the move to the cloud. So, within building the digital core, we have scale plays like intelligent platform services growing double-digits and then we have the next scale plays which are also growing double-digit. Then the second big area our clients are focused on is driving the growth agenda which is all about creating better customer experiences which is fueling Accenture Interactive, which hit $10 billion this year, but it's also fueling the focus on new products and services which is what X.O is about. That's at very early stages, right, having connected products and services. And so, that will be the next area that we are really focused on scaling in the growth agenda. And then, the third area is in optimizing their operations. And again, scale part of our business, operations, which is growing double-digit, right, and that's because it helps our clients reduce costs to increase their investment capacity, but it also enables our clients to do the transformation because we have invested in operations to use machine learning and other forms of emerging technologies, and so they are accessing those technologies through our platform in operations. But then, at the same time, right, you have again X.O where we're seeing the early stages of digitizing manufacturing and creating the connected plant, which will be the next play that we are scaling, right? And then, of course, at any given time, we're in the innovation space and we're looking at the emerging technologies that will fuel growth. But in each of the areas of what our clients are doing, we have scale today growing double-digits and then we have the next plays that we're scaling.
Julie Sweet: Thanks for the question. Harshita, let me start with the overall strategy around acquisitions, which is, while it served us extremely well and we think about acquisitions to do three things, to scale hot areas in the market. So, for example, this year, we did about six acquisitions in technology, three of them in particular around intelligent platform services where I've already talked about, we're seeing double-digit growth and we need to – we wanted to help scale our capabilities. The second is to add new capabilities. And this has been a lot of our acquisitions in the new, which has been about 20 of the acquisitions that have been in digital and security, particularly as you pointed out in Accenture Interactive. And so, that is all about adding new capabilities. And then, the third is really getting deeper industry and functional expertise. And so, this year, we did four in the area of financial services where we really expanded our expertise in that industry through these acquisitions. So, you should expect that our strategy is always going to around those three areas, and that it is meant to fuel our organic growth.  Now, with respect to whether we would do a larger acquisition, we've always said that we could do a larger acquisitions, but it would really need to make sense for us in the context of what we look to acquisitions to do. So, there are certainly no plans to do that, but, obviously, we have the capability if that ever made sense. And then, finally, as we think about going forward, well, certainly, Accenture Interactive is an important focus point and we've done a lot of acquisitions there. As you think about where we're scaling, right, so the next scale plays, like X.O, you should expect to see that we're going to focus in that area as well. And so, at each year, we're going to look at where we need to either scale, add new capabilities or add industry expertise. And it'll really change based on what we're seeing in the market and what's available.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Well, if we sort of take a step back and think about what have we been trying to achieve over the last five years, and that has been our rotation to the new, meaning focusing on the most relevant services that our clients need to transform their businesses. So, our strategy and consulting business today, right, is focused on these new services, how do you take blockchain and apply it to Financial Services, how do you use data and combine it with deep customer insights and use the skills of an Accenture Interactive to create a different customer experience. And we believe that, in a downturn scenario, our relevance to our clients comes in the fact that they are still going to need – and, in fact, we think, during that time, even more so to use these capabilities that we have in order to drive their growth agenda, optimize their operations and, of course, still build the digital core. And so, that's where we see the resilience of our current business model.
Julie Sweet: Rod, our strategy starts with our clients. And so, we are going to continue to stay focused on our clients. And so, there's no change – no major change in our strategy because a new CEO doesn't change our clients. So…
Julie Sweet: And just to take a minute to expand on why operations is so strategic for us and for our clients, and it really is for two reasons. So, first of all, operations is a great and proven way to create value for our clients because it helps them reduce costs, create more investment capacity, but the operations business today is very different than, say, even five years ago because we have invested to bring these great technologies to the platform which we call SynOps. And if you are a CEO and you think about where do I want to build my own capabilities around artificial intelligence and emerging technologies. Do I want to do that in order to transform finance or HR or the marketing backbone? Or do I want to do that in places that are going to truly differentiate me in terms of my products, for example? And the equation is often, well, why don't we go to Accenture that is built to have platform, that's doing it across hundreds of clients with deep and long expertise in the enterprise and access that technology to transform how we're doing those functions, so that I can put my investments into these other areas that are going to differentiate us in the market. And that is really helping drive the next wave of growth for operations. And we think that's going to be even more important as we see this enterprise-wide transformation.
Julie Sweet: Lisa, it's interesting is that the breadth of what we do there is actually not different. It's just how we're doing it. So, for example, we're still doing application outsourcing, but we're doing it using dev ops and Agile and something we call living systems because it's a different way of doing application outsourcing that's allowing the application outsourcing that we do for our clients to help drive their business transformations. We have, of course, a $6 billion business in operations. And again, the kinds of functions in that we're doing are similar, although we've added marketing and scaled marketing over the last couple of years. But, again, it's how we're doing it. It used to be about labor arbitrage 10 years ago. It's very, very different now. And so, the breadth in terms of the activities that we're going after has not changed. What makes it so successful for us is that we've evolved how we do it. And so, you can see application outsourcing, because of the techniques we're using, is now helping our clients get to things like Agile and dev ops at scale and be able to help drive their business differently.
Julie Sweet: So, thanks again for joining us on today's call. KC and I and the entire team are extremely pleased with our excellent performance for fiscal 2019. We see significant opportunity ahead and we are laser focused on delivering value for all of our stakeholders.  And let me end by thanking our stakeholders, thanking our clients for placing their trust in us, our investors for their continued confidence, our ecosystem partners for their shared commitment to our clients, our exceptional leadership team and, finally, all of our people around the world. You are what makes Accenture so special. I'll see everyone on the road. Thanks.
KC McClure: And, Bryan, just to answer your question on the actual attrition number, we did have a slight uptick this quarter by about 1%, but we feel good about the strong retention rates that we have in key strategic areas of our business, and that includes areas such as our digital practice as well as strategy and consulting. As you know, we really have no issues in attracting the people that we need, and people choose Accenture because of our strategy, our strong financial performance, and the experience that we provide to our people, continuous learning, the amount of investments we make in training and innovation, and it really does make Accenture one of the best places to build a career. 
KC McClure: Yeah. Sure, Bryan. I'll answer the questions on the growth rate. I'll hand it over to Julie to talk about what's happening within the digital business. So, digital, in terms of what we estimate for the full year, we estimate digital to be about $21 billion business. So, it's very significant in terms of scale. It's about 50%, almost pushing 50% of our overall revenue base. So, with that scale, as you mentioned in terms of growth, we are at the very high teens in terms of growth rate. So, we're really pleased with what we're seeing in the continued, very strong, high-teen double-digit growth that we have in digital. And we expect that, as we look into next year, that overall we will have – in the new, we'll continue, which includes digital, to have double-digit growth overall in FY 2020.
KC McClure: Sure, Bryan. So, our range, just to maybe to anchor to where we're starting with, so our range for fiscal 2020 is up about 0.5 point compared to where we started last year for fiscal 2019. And the increase from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 is primarily due to the US tax reform provision that phased in over two years. And as a reminder, there are four factors that I think you probably know well, but just might bear repeating, that can influence our tax rate in any given year. And the first one is our geographic mix of our income. Second is the changes in our prior-year tax liability. The third is our final determinations. And the fourth is the tax impacts on our equity compensation.
KC McClure: Thanks, Keith. In terms of operating cash flow in our overall free cash flow, there's a minor uptick, $50 million in capital expenditures. So, that's not really very different. But really, the way we look at our free cash flow is the goal that we have is for it to be over – at 1 or better in terms of percentages, the ratio to net income. And so, with our guidance this year, we're actually at 1.1t to 1.2. So, that's outstanding. Another year of outstanding free cash flow.  Now, this year, in FY 2019, we did above 1.2. And why did we do even better? And what are the influences that can put us in one place or the other? It really has to do with a couple items that I would point out. And this year in particular, we had significant outstanding performance continuing in our DSO. And so, for every day of DSO, it's about 130, give or take, to our free cash flow. So, we always assume at the beginning of the year that we give ourselves a little bit of room to stay in the low 40s because that would still be outstanding within our business. And I'll just point out maybe a couple of other things that influence the fourth quarter, for example. The timing of things such as cash tax payments and just overall timing of accounts payable, those are things that can really change our – the timing of our free cash flow. But for next year, we have just another stellar free cash flow performance baked into our guidance at 1.1 to 1.2. And we continue to be very proud of how we operate our business in that respect.
KC McClure: Thanks, Rod. This is KC. I would say that, in terms of our verticals, if you're obviously talking about our operating groups, within our range of 5% to 8%, we see that all of them have the ability to be within that range. And, certainly, the opportunity exists also for some of them [indiscernible 0:46:22] resources in particular to perform above that range.
KC McClure: Yeah, sure. Thanks for the question. In terms of our overall strategy and consulting business, as you mentioned, it's $14 billion is what we estimate that business to have been in the fiscal year that we just closed, 2019. It's a little bit less than – it's right around a third of our business. And at that scale, we're really pleased when we have growth in mid to high single digits range. And so, for the year, we see that it was high-single digits for this quarter and Q4 and we saw that it was mid. But we're happy when it's in the mid-to-high-single digit range. And as you mentioned, it will lap from quarter to quarter. But I think it's important and as Julie – just picking up on some of the things that Julie talked about, as you know, that consulting and strategy, it's a really important capability because that helps us drive value across the C suite, not only in the role of delivering pure strategy and advisory work to clients to shape their transformation agenda, but also to bring the entire full scope of Accenture's transformation capabilities, including technology, industry, all at a global scale. And as Julie put it on her examples as well as with our 16 clients at over $100 million, we saw that really in evidence this quarter as well. So, it's a bit of a dual purpose that we have in strategy and consulting advisory work. And we're really pleased with overall – our performance in the year, our performance in the quarter. And we feel that, with the bookings that we had in Q4, $6.1 billion which was in consulting type of work overall, but a portion of that obviously within consolidating in strategy, and we feel well-positioned in this regard for fiscal 2020.
KC McClure: Yeah. So, Jamie, yes, we're really proud of what we – what Debbie and the team have been able to do in operations over the last years where they continue to have double-digit growth. And for next year, for operations, we do see that that will continue probably and maybe in the high single to the low double-digit growth range is what we see in operations.
KC McClure: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. In terms of the contribution that we have assumed in FY 2020 in our 5% to 8% guidance range, it's about 2% inorganic which is around the same as we land in FY 2019. In terms of our tax rates, maybe again, I will just answer that. Our range is only up 50 basis points from where we started the year and there's various things that can impact our tax rate throughout the year. So, not really in a very different space from where we started last year. But you're right that this is – in FY 2020, we have phased in the US tax reform provision that phased in over two years. So, we do think that that's really where our rate will be for this year. I'm not going to guide to – you know we don't guide to out years on our tax rate. But we will then work our four other factors that can influence our tax rate overall, but we do have, in 2019 to 2020, the second-year phasing of the US tax reform.
KC McClure: Yeah. So, Jason, I don't think there's anything that you should expect that's different than what you've seen, and you've followed for a long time, than we've had in the past. We're in the higher teens to mid-teens in attrition. That's a level that, historically, we feel we can manage and that's how we build our business. So, there's nothing that you should expect as very different and nothing that we're concerned about.
KC McClure: Thanks, Lisa. And as you mentioned, this is, obviously, obvious point. At the beginning of the year, this is our longest range of time that we're giving an outlook. But with that, as you know, we guided to 5% to 8% growth for next year. And that contemplates a market that we see growing about the same as it has done in 2019. So, for us, for our addressable market, we think it's probably somewhere in the 3% to 4% range overall for next year.
