Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our financial results for the second quarter, continuing our momentum from the first quarter. Our strong performance in the second quarter was again broad-based across the different dimensions of our business and we gained significant market-share. Here are a few highlights, let me start with our new bookings of $9.4 billion, our second highest quarterly bookings ever. This brings us to 17 billion for the first half and positions us well for the year. We delivered very strong revenue growth of 12% in local currency with double-digit growth in both consulting and outsourcing. Earnings per share were $1.08, a 5% increase. We expanded operating margin 30 basis points to 13.6%. Our balance sheet remained very strong ending the quarter with a cash balance of $4.1 billion and we continue to return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Today we announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.02 per share which will bring total dividend payments for the year to $2.04 per share, a 10% increase over last year. So with the first half of the year behind us, I feel very good about our results and the momentum we’re creating in our business and we’ve again raised our revenue outlook for the full fiscal year, over to you David.
Pierre Nanterme: I will take the first part of it and indeed as we’ve communicated recently and even this last year, we earn back in rotating more of our business to what we are calling now digital related services. Digital is positive across the board, this is something we anticipated frankly few years ago probably in the range of 29 and we invested a lot ahead of the curve. If you remember around what we are calling interactive analytics, cloud and mobility and now indeed we are significantly benefitted from this wave which is very important that’s why I was very pleased and proud to report our position in term of digital related services. Now at 20% of Accenture revenues in that short period in time and as important and even more important well above 20% local currency growth for the first half of the year. So needless to say that we have a great momentum in that business and indeed its covering a large value of opportunities small, medium, large covering consulting or outsourcing type of work. So digital is positive across a different dimension of our businesses, consulting outsourcing across all industries there are more or less around the 20% some above, a few slightly below and on balance I guess David will comment good pricing.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, just to add piece of information on this, as you know we created as well Accenture Digital where we have organized our Accenture interactive, Accenture mobility and Accenture analytics work and what we are aiming at through Accenture way is to create more and more synergies integration end-to-end of the three capabilities and that’s a unique differentiator in the marketplace.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean what I appreciate with our results is they are broad-based and so bookings exactly the same pattern. If you're looking from an operating group standpoint, if you're looking from a geographic standpoint as well, you will see they are extremely well-balanced across the board. So we don't specially benefit this quarter of any outstanding performance of one part of the business compared to the others. It's very well-balanced with of course a lot of Digital across the board and this is the kind of balanced growth we appreciate.
Pierre Nanterme: And commenting on the, I mean the first part of your question and what happened at this last three quarters compared to what happened before. I guess as you know the world has changed significantly and we have put a lot of thought at Accenture on what it takes to be relevant in this new world and to respond to the current needs of our clients and the needs are much more around how we deal with uncertainty, how we deal with volatility, how we bring more flexible solution, how we provide more productivity and efficiency. And that’s why we come with this and it’s obviously like quite simple but this really vision around at the end of the day it’s all going to be digitization of the business for clients on behalf of our clients and the rationalization of their operations. And then we significantly align the Accenture strategic agenda and our investments towards these two main trends. And as you know and you’ve seen that recently and we communicated to a lot, we invested in new skills, we invested in new organization with the creation Accenture Consulting, Accenture Strategy, Accenture Digital, Accenture Technology and Accenture Operations. We made several strategic acquisitions specially focusing on digital and operation we’re quite very deep skills, we have more than 1,000 PSD doing algorithm in analytics at Accenture. So this is what we did this last couple of years and I guess that now we are getting the return on the strategy we set and on the investment we’ve made we are absolutely not complaisant with that but to a great extent we have seen the way of pass through to be relevant to our client, we have committed to it and now we are executing seamlessly.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes indeed, I think what is interesting to see in the mix of work we are telling is we have at the same time as you know we are quite famous for this large scale transformation program and again this year as mentioned by David we have a few large scale opportunities at times. And at the same time especially with the rise of digital, you have more what I would call higher velocity projects. So I think what we have now in our portfolio of bookings is this large scale transaction which are clearly the kind of unique that will favor Accenture is kind of end-to-end combining all our capabilities to deliver transformation plus the higher velocity programs more digital related services driven and this is this mix which I think has impacted on balance the average duration of our bookings.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes no, no I think digital related services as long as you can bring differentiated solutions especially the one we invested a lot around is commanding a better price compared to the rest of the portfolio, I mean this is what it is.
Pierre Nanterme: I guess we are gaining market share certainly in all the three regions where we are operating. So this is again quite well balanced growth given our strong double-digit growth now for almost four years in a row in the U.S. This is probably a place where we are accelerating our gain and I guess we are probably gaining against clearly the more traditional player of our basket of competitors, I mean you know all of them and you know their results and we are growing par with the best of the peer players in each of the businesses we’re operating in. But so far indeed market share gains are quite broad-based again I mean if you look at the -- we have 10 of our industries out of 19 growing double-digit. So I guess and another four with high single-digit growth. So I guess that we are gaining market share in many of our industries I mentioned in Europe as an illustration that we have double-digit growth in Germany, in the Netherland and again I am sure we are gaining significant market share given the market over there when you grow in double-digit. So it’s quite wide spread in many again double-digit growth in Japan, in Brazil, in Australia, so in all places where we have double-digit growth we are gaining market share technically so we are pleased with that.
Pierre Nanterme: We continue working on this to create more bifurcation between headcount and revenues. I think we may continue some good progress even if we or we feel at the beginning of this journey if you will. But I've been recently in India as an illustration visiting our BPO practice and looking at all the innovations we are bringing especially around automation, especially around robotics and especially around cognitive computing. And if you bring these three capabilities all together we have indeed a unique opportunity it's happening as we speak in our operations in India to bring a level of productivity and efficiency in our business process operations where we start seeing this bifurcation between headcount growth and revenue growth and we might expect some acceleration in ’16 and beyond. So it's still early days regarding the leading edge characteristics of these technologies. But I'm feeling extremely positive and even more important Mike Salvino is leading our Accenture Operations business, is feeling extremely confident that we have the tools and techniques to move to the next level of productivity.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean I could elaborate but I think the answer is that. I will elaborate that I mean we will continue to invest to acquire, build and develop differentiated skills and capabilities especially around digital and operations. And we’ve been very successful to do it from now and we will continue with that agenda.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes and to add the color on this resources recovering many industries, if you take chemical which is a very important industry for us, we’re growing more than 20%. So when you look at it from a portfolio standpoint, from a European standpoint I mean you're absolutely right to mention that the outsourcing market is vibrant again our clients in Europe are looking for more efficiency and more productivity. And if I look at digital versus digitization versus rationalization probably U.S. would be a bit more on digitization, where Europe would be a bit more on rationalization which is offering a good space for the outsourcing work. And again we benefit from the diversity of our global delivery network and we can come with our clients and we’d like to mention that you need to be sometime a little bit more balanced and subtle in the way you're driving outsourcing in Europe. With respect to the different nationalities labor market and environment and so the mix it's more that the right sourcing and the smart sourcing with the good mix of onshore, offshore and with benefit of Accenture providing a very diverse global delivery and what will of course resources on an offshore standpoint especially in India and the Philippine, but as well a network of near shore centers which is helping us to get to what we believe is the right sourcing approach for our clients. So, I am feeling extremely confident and based on the result of outsourcing business in Europe is doing well.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you to all of you. Thanks a lot for taking the time and participating to our call today. As you’ve seen with half of the fiscal year been it's clear that we have built strong momentum in our business and it's clear as well that we’re gaining significant market share. We are seeing clearly the return on the investments we’ve made, particularly in digital and operations and we will continue to execute our growth strategy to bring innovative and differentiated services to the marketplace. In closing, I want to thank the 323,000 women and men of Accenture for their dedication, their passion and their commitment to delivering value for our clients each and every day in the marketplace. Thank you to all of you. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter, in the meantime if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC, all the best to all of you.
David Rowland: Yes and I think, I mean just as it relates to the bookings question and a peer alluded to this is that, the digital bills do span all sizes. We have larger digital projects and obviously we have a high volume of medium size to smaller project. And I guess what I would say is that you might think about it in the context of the quarter we just delivered, where we delivered 9.4 billion in bookings with a heavy component of digital. And so, I don’t think that this necessarily changes anything in terms of that dynamic overall.
David Rowland: No it’s I'll tell you, I'll just kind of work backwards. We feel good about our pipeline. I mean obviously, when you have a big bookings quarter you convert a lot of pipeline to bookings. That's a factor. But even with that, we feel very good about our pipeline. We actually feel good about recent movement that we've seen in the larger deal category within our pipeline. Tien-Tsin, I would say just in terms of color on the bookings, I don't know if there are really any dominant themes. It crosses the spectrum of operations including BPO type contracts. There's a flavor of application services in there. And I guess stating the obvious, there's a flavor of Digital in there as well. The thing about our bookings that we were especially pleased with and generally this would apply to the 15 clients is the pervasiveness of the strength of the bookings. And I mentioned that we had sequential growth across all five of our operating groups and all three geographic areas. And so I would say that there's not anything unique about the 15. And again, we feel good about our pipeline going forward.
David Rowland: Yes. I would say first on your first question in terms of the second half of the year, I would think in terms of mid to high single-digit positive growth for consulting and let's say probably high single digit positive for outsourcing. So that puts us on a track for the full year of probably mid to high single for consulting again and low double-digit for outsourcing. In terms of the profitability point, at the risk of being redundant, I guess let me just share a few things with you beyond what I said in the script. First of all, we're very pleased with the 30 basis points of expansion. That’s obviously is at the upper-end of the range what we target and it does reflect a lot of the hard work that our organization has been doing over the last four quarters. What I really focus on when I looked at our profitability are few things. The first thing I focus on is the progression of our contract profitability. And I can tell you that our contract profitability was up compared to the same quarter last year and we continue to be pleased with the progression of contract profitability. The second thing that I look at is the progression of the overall efficiency of our labor cost, both our Accenture personnel and our subcontractors. And we have made really good improvement in our labor cost efficiency for several quarters now and that's in the mix as well when you look at our second quarter results. The third thing I’ll look at is how our organization is doing in managing every dime we spend as if it's our own individually, related to non-payroll expenses. And we've done a very good job with that. And then finally, although this is certainly not last on the list, at the end of the day we are seeking to create head room in our P&L so that we can invest at sufficient levels to really drive our business growth going forward. And we have a good mix of investments in our results as well. And so we always are talking about in this forum at least we get the questions on the gross margin and the SG&A but those are the things that I really focus on and all of those things were in the right zone relative to my expectations, creating the 30 basis points of expansion. The last thing I'll say is gross margin again includes a lot of things. It's not just contract profitability. It includes recruiting, training, integration of acquisitions, on-boarding costs for new hires, et cetera. So, there is a lot that goes in there that ebbs and flows quarter-over-quarter.
David Rowland: Yes and I would I know that I couldn’t really add anything to that frankly, it's -- I mean you in your question is there anything unusual or like one-time of that nature and the answer is absolutely not and again I think that the thing that you would have to just look at is the broad-based nature of the growth which speaks to the durability and one of the things at Investor Analyst Day David if you remember, is I really talked quite a bit about our growth model and why we believe it is durable overtime and again our enduring objective is to grow faster than the market. Now the market growth rates change overtime and our growth rates will change with it, but our enduring objective is to grow faster than the market and we’re working hard to have durability in our growth model to allow us to do that.
David Rowland: Yes the operating group margins can be lumpy quarter-over-quarter. As you know, we have been working hard to position our resources business for growth and congratulations to our team for doing that. I also called out if you extracted this from the comments I made on resources, the growth in resources right now is coming really exclusively from our outsourcing related services, operations and application services. And so, you see a little bit of mix there as well. But we’re not -- I am not particularly concerned about the profitability in a single quarter. We have good profit potential in resources going forward and overtime we will tune the levers to get it back to the right level.
David Rowland: Well, we’ve definitely seen a increasing volume of the smaller short-term type projects and of course that’s reflected in our consulting growth. And I would say that the drivers of that broadly anchor back to the themes Pierre has talked about so often. You look at the digital space and the nature of the digital work is that it really lends itself to this agile quick turn development and deployment of capability. But also on the cost rationalization agenda, that drives a lot of demand for our strategy practice, for our consulting practice like in the past we’ve referred to as management consulting as an example working with our companies to develop a strategic cost map for cost rationalization and then getting into the implementation of that. And we see some of that in shorter smaller projects which are contracted in phases over a period of time. So those are the kinds of things that are in the mix, Pierre may add some additional flavor to that.
David Rowland: Yes, I think the -- it's a real cost savings I mean one big area is we’ve talked about for years as you’ll know. But we are always focused on continuing to look for improvements in our sales efficiency and our channel costs and so we have made improvements in that area under the leadership of our COO Jo Deblaere. We also have an ongoing really it’s ongoing transformation agenda for each of our corporate functions. And we very much due to our ourselves I should say we leveraged that the same kind of capabilities that we sell to our clients internally and so we use BPO concepts for example across HR and finance and we have more room to go. It’s an ongoing journey for us just as it is for our clients and we’ve made improvements in our what we call our corporate function cost as well and those are real savings not FX related. And we’ll continue to focus on that going forward. So those are a couple of examples.
David Rowland: Yes it’s interesting because we look quite a bit at where did we come-in better than we expected and not to be too simplistic but the answer is that all five of our operating groups every single one of them came in stronger than what we and they expected when we provided guidance in December. And again I think it gets to -- part of the deal was that when you’re on a revenue ramp it can be a little bit more difficult to predict the slope of the ramp because for example we can be quite confident in the work activity but yet we have to also think about our operating groups too, the availability, to the resources, the timing the projects to get started et cetera. And so at the end of the day all five of our operating groups exceeded so again it was broad-based. And I would say that it was more in our consulting related services than our outsourcing so consulting came in stronger and part of that again goes back to the digital theme that we talk about as a driver of consulting but also we see more activity across our other consulting type services both strategy and our core consulting business management consulting et cetera. So it’s really consulting came in better and all five operating groups came in better those were really the drivers. And I do think that the higher volume of smaller contracts is in the mix of everything I’ve said really across the board.
David Rowland: So what I said specifically is that there were really two factors that we use to adjust the range, one is the higher revenue which we increase revenue and we narrow to a 2 point range so therefore we narrowed the EPS range. And the second factor was the FX, plain and simply those two factors and what I’ve said is that absent the FX headwind which impacted our EPS by 14 pennies so FX impacted by 14 pennies, our revenue would have increased $0.10 to $0.14 absent the impact of -- I am sorry our EPS would have increased $0.10 to $0.14 absent the $0.14 FX headwind.
David Rowland: If you look I mean if you look at where we started the year versus so if you take our initial guidance with where we are now absent the FX headwind we’ve increased our guidance $0.16 to $0.20.
David Rowland: Yes I mean there's no doubt that the environment is tougher on commercial terms and conditions and billing and collections are really right in the mix of that. So we've seen that trend certainly. We had always signaled, by the way that the DSO levels that we've had at some point in the recent years past when they have gotten down in the low 30s, that we had always signaled that, that was likely not sustainable overtime and that our DSOs would creep back up to the mid to even high 30 range. And so that pattern has played out exactly as we had expected and anticipated. So we're very comfortable with where we are. I think that by and large if you look at the last few quarters, our DSO has been relatively stable. It was up a little. Now it's down a couple of days. So we're in the range that we expect to be, in the range that we expect to be let's say for the rest of this year. And it's an area that we are always focused on and have been very good at managing our billing and collections. So I would just say that at least for this year, we're in the range of what we expect.
David Rowland: I mean it's hard to say, I mean I am not going to look out a few years really, I think what we’ve said again is that we could certainly see DSOs creeping up to the mid to upper 30s and that’s where we’re at.
David Rowland: I would say overall we’re pleased with the way our pricing has progressed since the same time last year. We saw actually improvement in our pricing in the second quarter, I would be clear though that the environment continues to be a competitive environment, no doubt. But we have seen some progression in pricing in certain parts of our business and overall we were very pleased with the margin quality of the 9.4 bookings. I would say that in application services again to be clear David, when we talk about pricing, we’re talking about the margin percentage on the contracts that we sign and in application services we’ve also seen positive progression in the last six months.
David Rowland: I would say that we see differentiated pricing in digital relative to other parts of our business and I think I’d leave at that, unless Pierre you have any…
David Rowland: Yes, I mean it's all about in areas where we have a leading capability, leading differentiated capabilities and typically we give good pricing and we are in a very strong position in digital with our offerings, our skills, capabilities et cetera.
David Rowland: Yes I’ll comment on resources and maybe let Pierre comment on Europe. On resources we do feel good about how the business has been repositioned for sustained growth now going forward. The bookings have been very good in terms of their book-to-bill on a year-to-date basis and that speaks well to the growth opportunities going forward. I think I have mentioned that when you look at resources that had growth in all three geographic areas and in all of the industries except energy but even in energy we actually had very strong double-digit growth in our outsourcing related services, so operations and application services. And so what we’re finding is that even with the pressures in energy, we really are helping our clients with our application services and operations services as they were from their cost optimization cost rationalization agenda and so we think that we are positioned for sustained positive growth in resources even with the recent challenges in energy.
