David Rowland: Yes, this will be the only comment I’ll make relative to next year quantitatively by the way, but I don’t mind saying this, because it’s just really an extrapolation of the math. As we do our analysis, so looking at the rates that we used as a basis for the FX impact that I just provided for this year, if those rates were to hold constant as we do our analysis, it would create a headwind of about 2%, so it will have a negative 2% impact on our results next year.
David Rowland: Yes. The beat, if you will, in quarter three was 100% organic. And therefore, that’s the basis for us raising our guidance for the year. There’s no change in our view on inorganic for the full year. We still think we’ll end the full year with it making about a 2.5% contribution, and against that 2.5% contribution for the year, it was a little higher than that in the first half of the year to a little lower than that in the second half of the year and averages to about 2.5% for the year.
David Rowland: Yes, the good news is that the additional revenue was really broad-based. Literally, every operating group delivered above their expectations. As you might guess, the strongest over-delivery came from the three operating groups with the double-digit growth. So CMT, Products and Resources were the biggest contributor to the strong revenue performance. As you also alluded to and I called out in my script, strategy and consulting combined was also quite strong at high-single digits, and we were very pleased with that, but it was really the over-delivery from a top line standpoint was broad-based. And I think it aligns with the fact that we had such strong, broad-based, record-setting new bookings that underpinned that and just reflective of the strong momentum in the market overall.
David Rowland: Yes, we did have – we had some large, I mean, as you would expect, we had some larger deals in there. We had a couple of, in particular, larger deals. I think the total number of deals are more than $100 million, I didn’t say it, but it was – I think it was 12. If I’m remembering that correctly, and so that is in the zone probably in the high end of what we see in a typical quarter. I don’t know that big deals are back necessarily, because we’ve always had a good flow of big deals, but as we look at our pipeline going forward, what we call our mega pipeline actually looks really good. And actually, I’m being told that we had 13 deals over $100 million, not 12, so, yes.
David Rowland: Yes. So our headcount growth did grow at a pace below our revenue growth, and we have seen that several quarters if you look over the last eight quarters or so. Certainly, there’s the potential for that trend to be more common as we look forward both as it relates to the productivity efficiencies that we will drive into the business, including through technology and as well we are always constantly focused on pricing improvement and increasing the revenue yield per head in our revenue. And so, it is – it’s a part of our strategy of extracting more value from our business for our shareholders and our employees, and in a perfect world, we would see a higher revenue yield per head going forward, and our challenge is to achieve that through the mix of our services, the pricing, et cetera. On the attrition front, there’s not anything we’re particularly concerned about. The attrition did tick up, but we feel very good about our ability to attract the talent in the marketplace that we need. We are an employer of choice certainly in our sector. We have no issues recruiting the people that we need in the market, and we also are quite pleased with our overall retention, including retention of critical skills even with what was a slight tick up in overall attrition. So we don’t have any particular concerns there.
David Rowland: Yes, very pleased with the H&PS profitability as we were all the operating groups. Every single operating group if you look at this concept of underlying profitability that we talk about sometimes at the Accenture level, which is the underlying profitability above and beyond our reported profitability that – where we use the headroom to invest in our people and our business. Every single one of our operating groups had a really strong improvement in underlying profitability. Now underneath that, they had investments, et cetera, that are reflected in the operating margin numbers that, that we report. But we were quite pleased with all of our operating groups and H&PS included, which did show sequential improvement in profitability, and that is as we expected and as we signaled in the first-half of the year.
David Rowland: Yes. And there was a subtle change, and frankly, the intent was to – we talk about “the New” so much that I was just taking the opportunity to remind people what the components of “the New”. So I called out the five components by name. And the only intent was to again remind the components of “the New”, especially as we have changed some of the terminology as we’ve evolved digital to talk about Accenture Interactive, Accenture Applied Intelligence and Accenture Industry X.O. And “the New” overall, so those five components in aggregate represented about 60% of our total bookings and that’s consistent with the comments that Pierre made where from a revenue standpoint, “the New” represents approximately 60% of our revenues at this point as well.
David Rowland: Yes. So first – I mean, first of all, the – it goes without saying that the tax environment continues to be highly complex and fluid, if not even volatile perhaps. And so it is a significant effort with a lot of talented people that stay on top of our tax planning and all of the math – matters and policy progression and all the tax jurisdictions around the world. You’re right, I’m not going to comment on FY 2019 beyond what I have said previously. I would prefer that we just give one update in September when we provide guidance. There’s basically two statements that I’ve made or that we’ve disclosed just to remind you. So one thing that we disclosed and I commented on is the accounting change on income tax effects of intercompany transfers, the ASU 2016-16. And we disclosed that in isolation that would have about a 3.5% impact on our tax rate. And so that’s one item that we called out, which is in our future. Now that impact would be in isolation. And obviously, there are other elements of our tax planning that we’re constantly working on. And so that’s not to imply necessarily that, that would be the ultimate impact, but that item alone will have that impact. And, of course, the other item that we called out obviously is the U.S. tax reform. And previously, we had said that, that would have a modest – create modest upward pressure on our tax rate. And so those are really among a longer list of items that we’re focused on. Those are the two things that we’ve talked about the most and that we’ve had disclosures on.
David Rowland: Yes. So there – I mean, there’s a lot of new business in the $11 billion-ish, $11 billion-plus bookings, $11.7 billion in the quarter. I mean, you don’t get to that number with, let’s say, a disproportionate or unusual level of renewals. And the other part of the question was pipeline. Yes, I mean, any time we have a bookings quarter that large then, I mean, obviously, it has some impact on the pipeline. But having said that, we have had a lot of replenishment even during the quarter, so we feel good about our pipeline. But yet, as you can imagine, we’re very focused on our pipeline replenishment as we think about turning the page into fiscal 2019 and, let’s say, the next challenge of growth. So we always have work to do on our pipeline. We feel good about it, but we’re always focused on expanding that.
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, I don’t know if it’s conservatism, 11% growth is really outstanding and as well the upper-end of our range at 10% growth is also outstanding. And so, as we always say, we have a 3 point range. You never like the bottom part of the range and, of course, we’re always focused on being as high in the range as we possibly can. And to the extent, we were to deliver at the upper-end of the range. We would continue to gain massive share in the marketplace. I mean, that level of growth would be outstanding and we would be very pleased with that at the upper-end of the range. So, I wouldn’t say there’s not the intent to be conservative. There’s the intent to have a reasonable range. And again, the upper half of the ranges is quite strong.
David Rowland: Yes, it is – our current view is that we’ll land somewhere in the range of $650 million to $750 million of invested capital. We’re fine with that. We’re not in the business of just trying to do deals for the sake of doing deals, we want to do the right deals. And so that’s going to be the level that we’re going to be at this year, but we are committed to that being an important part of our strategy going forward. And as we’ve said, up to 25% of our operating cash flow is our strategic capital allocation model objective. We always have an active pipeline and that’s true today. And so, it’s something that we continue to focus on as an important part of our strategy.
Pierre Nanterme: Maybe I can jump on this one, because nobody is asking me any questions. They’re all for you, David, so I’m jumping on it. You mentioned that we had evolved the terminology but, of course, it’s more than the terminology. And the reality is that we’re constantly evolving the content of our capabilities in “the New”. Accenture Interactive has been there since day one, no change. We continue growing, developing and scaling. We had Accenture Mobility around enterprise apps and connected platform. We evolved now to Industry X.O to build a capability totally focused on smart and digital manufacturing. Same thing we’ve been doing with Accenture Analytics. We started with – we upgraded this year to Accenture Applied Intelligence by adding on top of the analytics, machine learning and applied intelligence. So it’s important for all of you to understand that almost every year or every couple of years, we will always significantly improve, upgrade, what we’re calling “the New” to make sure we are always ahead of the curve and bringing innovation at the heart of our existing capabilities.
Pierre Nanterme: No, I think for us, it’s important with range, strategy, management consulting and intelligent platform, so the added value part of our system integration, because it’s demonstrating that what we’re selling is highly differentiated is more at the high-end of the value chain of our services. And of course, it is important in the context of contributing to our margin and – to our margin and ultimately, profitability. So I’m very pleased that we moved Strategy Consulting to high single digits. I think this is a good place to be and it’s the demonstration that our services are more and more differentiated with that piece, which is clearly around industry specific solutions and very cutting-edge consulting work, same with Application Services. The system integration piece is on fire right, and especially with what we’re calling the intelligent platforms. So all this new digital artificial intelligence, analytic or rich platforms, where we are leading with all of them to be honest in the marketplace and again, it’s a significant contributor to our rotation to “the New”. So it’s a sign of good health. You’re absolutely right.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, CMT, we talked a lot about CMT these last years. Needless to say, it’s a set of industries on the massive transformation. If you take the different components, high-tech, telecom and what we’re calling software and platforms. Software and platforms are the driving force of the growth in terms of CMT, because these companies are investing massively in the context of leading in the market. So here, the business is to support the leaders providing, I mean, you know well the names, the leading platforms in the marketplace. So we’re supporting them and supporting their growth and we are the enabler of that growth. On the other side of the spectrum, you will find telecom. Telecom is small transformation. These companies are facing significant challenges and you know now they’re on path [ph]into massive M&A consolidation and so a lot happening, including they’re all launching new networks. Yes, we’re moving from web. We’re moving from – we’ve been moving from the three to the fourth to the fifth GB. You put the cyber on top of it, so they need to continue investing and again, they need people like us to support their transformation, as well as being an enabler of their network implementation. And then in-between, you have the high-tech and high-tech companies again are not only CMT companies, but they are enablers of many industries in providing the equipment, providing the technology. And I’m extremely pleased with the progress we’re making in high-tech across the Board, especially with some recent excellent progress we have made with aerospace and defense, where we decided to focus on as a very promising industry. And with the focus we put as an illustration on this industry, it’s as well a good contributor to our overall growth. So three different segments with three different set of issues, but we are the enabler of their change, their transformation and ultimately, their leadership in the marketplace.
Pierre Nanterme: I tend to believe it’s more a structural than something, which is more cyclical on the short-term and for many reasons. I mean, first, it’s incredibly pervasive across all the industries. So when you look at our rotation to “the New”, it’s amazingly consistent across all our industries, whatever you’re taking the B2C and now the B2B. The same thing, it’s amazingly consistent across the world. When you look at the rotation to “the New” from the U.S. to Europe to Brazil, Australia and Japan, you see the same level of demand across the world. So it’s something, which is extremely significant. Next, when you look at this IT revolution, and let’s call that digital revolution, it’s coming through waves. So it’s got one thing. It is now a continuous flow of new technologies coming one of the other to change the game. So we started with some basic Internet technology solutions more on the B2C. Now we’re moving to look at it everything connected. If you look at this, that would be a big market in itself. So what we’re calling the Internet of Things, but everything connected then you move to the artificial intelligence at large. And everybody would believe we are more at the very beginning of this wave than anything else. Then the blockchain we talked in last three years and we incubated, now it’s starting to pickup. And by the way, we’ve put all act together. We have made significant investments, and now we’re taking the position of leader in this blockchain technologies. And it’s not enough, you’re moving to immersive realities, virtual realities, and then you have “the New” IT. The new ways of developing system, dev ops, agile. And then I can continue with quantum computing. So look at the series of incredible digital disrupt – technology disruptions, where in the past probably you would have one for 40 years. Now you have one every 18 months. So I tend to believe that we are in a true force revolution – industrial revolution based on digital and it’s something, which going to be more secular than cyclical.
Pierre Nanterme: We have no issues, I mean, to make it. I know that the – I mean, the data when you look at this and you take a bit your microscope, you will see some pickup in the attrition, but we are in the zone, as David said, I mean rightfully. The reality is, are we able to attract the best talent in the marketplace, sometime we’re calling them iconic talent from the outside? The answer is, yes. Are we retaining our best Managing Directors? We have and we have now 7,000 Managing Directors. The level of attrition is incredibly low in the ranks of Managing Directors. Everyday, we have people willing to join Accenture. So – and finally, our brand is attractive and the brand is attractive because of the success of the rotation to “the New” and the pivot we’ve been executed to be now perceived and it’s not a perception, it’s the reality as a highly innovative company accommodating multiple cultures in the same company from designers to business scientists to the more classic programmers and developers. And to people extraordinary knowledgeable in leading and cutting-edge IT, plus all the effort we made to make the Accenture what we’re calling, Truly Human, Tech4Good what I mentioned in my script. All of this is creating an environment, which I tend to believe is Accenture is very attractive. Evidence is recently we won many awards in term of the best place to work most attractive place to work. And I’m very pleased as you’re giving me the opportunity to mention that that we’re not only the best place to work for everybody, but as well with a great sense of diversity in it. So we have received many recognition for women for LGBT. And I’m extremely pleased that we are attractive for everybody as we should. All the talent, all the background, all the different best gender, and all the diversity, and we have a good brand supporting that.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, as you know, Rod, we’re walking with all the usual suspects from the platform standpoint. So I would mention the names you all know in the leading platform from SAP, Oracle, Microsoft Salesforce.com, Workday, to mention maybe the names everybody would know. All of these platform and software provider did their rotation to “the New”. So the one that were not in the cloud are now in the cloud. And all of them as they have added features in term of analytics and in term of artificial intelligence insight. That’s why now we’re calling them at Accenture Intelligent Platforms, because they are not any more the old ERP we knew. They are ERP in the cloud for which in term of new functionalities, analytics and the artificial intelligence. So this market has been very good for Accenture. We’ve been driving excellent growth from our, let’s call, that the ERP business or Intelligent Platform business. We are – I mean, we are again the partner of choice. And the market is vibrant as well, because many clients been waiting for the new platforms to arrive, to upgrade and move. And I believe we’re more again at the beginning of this wave of replacing the old ERP with the new one, because it’s going to drive lot of benefits in terms of again of leveraging the cloud, leveraging analytics, and leveraging artificial intelligence. So we have a very strong position. We organize our capabilities in our operating group as well in Accenture technology to have at scale capability to support all these leading platforms and we are getting a very good return.
Pierre Nanterme: I would say, all our new babies have the potential to grow successfully for many years. Now in the family, some are already operating at scale grown-up, I mean, you mentioned Accenture Interactive. Now three years in a row, number one in advertising age as the fastest growing and largest digital experience agency. By the way, I’m pleased that you give me the opportunity to mention to the whole group that we won seven awards at the Cannes Lions with an acquisition we made in Dublin with a company called Rothco. So we are in the interactive game big time. We are winning not only awards, but as well big clients. So with Accenture Interactive, it’s scaled to lead, if you will. It’s more mature than the others. Next, I would mention certainly, cloud as well is more scaled to lead. So these two are scaled to lead. That Applied Intelligence is as well at a very significant scale, but the name of the game for us is to infuse the latest cutting-edge artificial and algorithmic technologies in that unit we’re calling Applied Intelligence. And then we have two with a big potential to grow, because they are not yet operating at the same scale. I’m thinking about Accenture Security, where we have put together all our cybersecurity capabilities and it’s growing, David would say, strong double-digit that would probably add hyper-strong double digits just to give you a sense of – it’s a bit more than strong double-digit. And the last one we launched with industry X.0 I mentioned, which is all the digital applied to manufacturing. This is clearly for us a significant investments we’re going to make this year and in the coming three years, because it’s all about replicating to the B2B industries the success we have with the B2C. And we’re making good progress and I’m pleased. And more to come, because every year, we’re going to launch new capabilities in “the New” when they will mature.
Pierre Nanterme: It’s getting more and more transformational. I mean, you’re right. I mean, the first waves, you’ll always fight to catch the low-hanging fruit that’s going that way. And the low-hanging fruit, for instance, would be I’m taking my current applications, no change, no transformation and I move them to the cloud just to benefit from the cost difference with a classic infrastructure, what you’re calling the migration. So we’ve seen some of the journey to the cloud. You’re taking the existing, you lift and and brought to the cloud, and you’re making the benefits. You still have some of this work, of course. But what I find and I found very interesting is, indeed, the market is shifting at these results and our clients to using digital as more transformational. For instance, when you move or change from the existing ERP to a new ERP in the cloud and then you’re using the Analytics and Applied – and the Artificial Intelligence features in order to drive more value in the company in term of forecasting, for instance, or other activity then it is more transformational. As we speak, we’re working in some very large organization in CMT. Again, in the context of aerospace and defense to deploy these new digital platforms from engineering services to production to cross-sell end-to-end with 3D features in it and so forth. It’s truly transformational and it’s not just the low-hanging fruit, simple migration. So we see more and more now as the market is maturing. And as the leaders are understanding better the core of the digital transformation, the shift from simple migration to drive the easy cost to a more profound digital transformation to win the big prize. So from the low-hanging fruit to the big prize, this is the difference with the migration to the transformation. We see more of those.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, thanks a lot again to all of you for joining us on today’s call. In closing and I’m sure you heard that throughout the call, we and I feel very good about where we are. We feel confident in our ability to finish the year strong. We believe that with the highly differentiated capability, we have built in “the New”, our continued investment across Accenture and the disciplined management of our business. We are extremely well-positioned to continue driving profitable growth and delivering value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. We look forward to looking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best and thanks, again, for joining and supporting Accenture.
