Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie and thank you everyone for joining us. Today, we are very pleased to announce our outstanding financial results for the second quarter and first half of fiscal ‘20. I want to start by thanking our leadership team and all of our people for their dedication to our clients and to delivering on our commitments. And it is because of our leaders and people that I have absolute confidence in our ability to adapt and successfully navigate the unprecedented global health crisis the world is now facing. I am incredibly proud of how our leadership team and people have rallied in the face of this crisis and works 24/7 to ensure the safety and well-being of each other and to continue to serve our clients at this time of great need. KC and I know that you are keenly interested in understanding how the coronavirus is impacting Accenture and our people. First, we are going to cover our starting point, KC will take you through Q2 results and I will give you color on the strength of our business and our growth strategy as we exited H1. Then I will specifically address the current environment in light of the coronavirus and how we are managing the impacts. Finally, KC will give you our updated business outlook. KC, over to you to go through our strong Q2 results.
Julie Sweet: Yes, thanks Tien-tsin and thanks for taking time to calling today. So we talk about margin expansion in earnings. You have heard me talk about in the context of a few levers. So let me talk about that as it relates to how we are running our business now and how we think about that as we go forward in this environment. So I will start with pricing. You have always heard me talk about how earnings expansion really starts with pricing. So if we look at where we were pre-crisis in the first half of the year, our pricing in Q2 was relatively stable. So in this environment, we are fortunate to have our client executives who have longstanding relationship with our clients and they know how to help our clients navigate this uncertainty, but they also know how to ensure that we are making the right arrangements for both them and for us. So we sill have a focus on pricing. The second thing that we have talked about in terms of margin expansion is how we are going to continually invest and Tien-tsin that continues to be with what I consider, we consider competitive advantage for us. So we will be able to continue to expand margins, while we invest in our business and you have heard me say today that we continue to expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions this year. We have already committed $1.1 billion to-date. So we have the ability to invest another $500 million in acquisitions, should those opportunities arise. So we continue to invest, and we’re also going to continue to invest in our people. We’re going to make sure that we have the capabilities that our clients need, both today and in the future, and we are going to invest, so that people can develop the skills that they will need for today and for tomorrow. In terms of what is a specific margin lever, Tien-tsin, that we would have now, I’ll just point to the help that we will get from not traveling, right? So even in a virtual organization like ours, you’ve heard Julie talk about the status of how often and how much we use Teams. We still with 500,000 people have significant travel costs, and we do see that decreasing as a result of the current environment and that is something that is unique during this time period, that does help support our margin expansion.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Really, what I want to take you through, Tien-tsin and thanks for the question, because clearly, the way we’ve updated guidance, is we are expecting that our business is going to evolve differently for the next two quarters for a whole host of reasons. So I think maybe what might be most helpful, is to kind of give you some color on what’s really happening on the ground with our clients. And there is really three sets of activities right now, right? So the first is, our clients are focused, as a first priority of the safety of their people and adjusting to the need to have remote working, right which for many of our clients is very new and we’re helping many of our clients make that adjustment. So for example, we have a client who asked us literally to go – when we partnered with Microsoft to do this, to go from zero people using Teams, in five days it’ll be their entire 61,000 workforce, right? So in 5 days zero to 61,000 right. And so as we look at it, our clients are very much focused on how to adjust to remote working, and that’s easier or harder depending on the nature of the industry and the kind of work, and at the same time, is responding to the crisis you have. Our clients for example in the public sector, who are having to respond not only for their own work forces, but to what they need to do for the public. So for example, we’re working with some of our public sector clients, to deploy more virtual agents that are pre-configured with COVID-19 advice to continue to free up capacity, to add to the more critical questions in our call center. So, the first is, safety of their own people and adjusting to this new environment, where they have to have remote working and make decisions about that. The second activity is really focused on mission critical services. That of course varies by company, but if you look at the work that we’re doing with our clients, we’re working very closely to them on mission critical services like – we do the settlement of services of trades for major banks. We do payroll services. We support many different healthcare services. We’re doing trust and safety services, keeping the Internet safe. So there is a big focus in this first phase on mission critical services, working together with our clients, being able to do that in some cases remote, in some cases, continuing to go into the centers. And then the third thing that’s going on with our clients, in parallel, of course, is the assessment of the impact on both the global health crisis and the disruption in the economy and what’s been happening with the travel restrictions, the restrictions of people needing to stay at home, in some cases sheltering and place. Now, as you might imagine, that assessment occurs along two vectors. It comes at the intersection of industry, technology and geography, as well as the individual circumstances of the clients. And so to give you some sense of the variety, I have a client in the utility industry that is of course dealing with the macro environment. But in my discussions with the CEO just this week, the first question was, hey, how do you feel Accenture, about your COVID-19 arrangements, because you do a lot of work for us. And then we went right back to our usual touch point on the ERP system that we are putting together, which they consider to be mission critical for how they operate. On the other side of the spectrum, you have a client in the industry – in automotive industry, that has been hard hit. We are executing our strategy beautifully there, because we’re helping them with enterprise transformation right and they are making choices in this environment, given what they’re facing. So in that case for example, they said look our HR transformation is mission critical. We may need to and are likely to postpone the finance transformation, and they’re working with us and their other partners, as they make the essential choices you would expect in this environment. If you go to a consumer goods client, that has less expectation of significant impact, our conversations with them are, help us understand how you are going to adjust and can we move even faster, because we think there is a competitive advantage in putting in place the ERP system that we’re helping them do. And then of course you have something like travel where what is critical at this time is very-very significantly different than many of the other industries for the obvious reasons. So as you think about our guidance, we’re thinking about how the impact is varying, looking at industry, geography and understanding the work, and anchored of course in much of the work that we do for our clients, is mission critical or critical to their agendas.
Julie Sweet: Sure. It’s interesting because Accenture Interactive that has some of our creative minds, so probably best suited in fact in thinking very creatively about how to stay connected. Many of those as you may know – as you think about how they work, virtually often do work in studios and so they work virtually with our clients as well. At this point, we are really just focusing on how to adapt the virtual environment and keep them and keep people connected. And so from an Accenture perspective, we feel very confident in our workforce being able to adjust and then of course working with our clients to help them do so. With respect to knowledge transfer, that’s a great question. And as you might imagine, because we are so familiar with how to do virtual, what we have done is rapidly look at, I mean, it’s one of the first things we do, how do you do knowledge transfer remotely. Some of it is already there. And to be honest, we have had a lot of that and oftentimes our clients have wanted to do it onsite even though we said it could be done much more efficiently. And one of the things you should recognize is that this is really going to be helping accelerate also the digital transformation of our clients, right, because our clients, for example, some of whom who wouldn’t have allowed us to work from now who are giving us permission who don’t themselves work remotely who aren’t using collaboration technologies are now being forced to and the upside for them is really the opportunity to accelerate the cultural change and the digital transformation. So on knowledge transfer, to answer your specific question we have put in place new ways of doing that, but it’s based on thinking that in this case we have already done. Do you think about SAP, one of the first things we did, SAP, Oracle, any of our systems is that we have looked at all of our methodologies, obviously, our methodologies today do involve being onsite and so we are converting them and then pushing that out across our workforce and helping our clients understand it. We are rapidly doing testing of those methodologies. And so at some point of course there is limitations. You do need to be able to get together for some pieces of it. And of course just remember, today, we have people working in offices as do our clients for essential work. And so on balance right, we have rapidly moved to use all of our knowledge to be able to convert, to help our clients do that to change our methodologies and then as we continue forward depending on the duration and the magnitude, our expectation today is we will get into a rhythm that continues to allow the essential things to happen over time.
Julie Sweet: I mean our guidance and KC can add anything she’d like. At this point, we are giving you the guidance we see over the next six months, based on the best information we have today. And as you said, it’s early to speculate how some of this may play out on the individual industries and it’s just – it’s quite early.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Well at a macro level, of course, there are some real differences and that several years ago, that was about an economic crisis and today, because of the global health crisis you’re dealing with circumstances that are quite different in terms of, you know globally, clients having to move to work from home and what that does in terms of just the adaptation that they’re making, the cessation of commerce and retail etcetera in many communities, and so what I would say is, you kind of start with – this isn’t just an economic crisis, which one would never have thought that they would say that, as they look back at the financial crisis. But you are really dealing with two things. So, as you think even about how we expect the situation to evolve and then I’ll come to how we are different, as we enter into this, but you’d expect – what we are expecting is that right now, as clients are very focused in adapting to, not just the economic disruption, but as I said in those three buckets of things having to adjust how they’re working. Right, that’s why our guidance assumes that there’ll be an improvement in the business environment in Q4, either because the situation is better or because simply clients and ourselves, are adjusting to working together. But I would say, as you think about today that is at very different circumstances than the financial crisis, but as we look at it, we can’t imagine a better positioned company to address it for all the reasons that we talk about. This thing though is the nature of our services today. As you saw with our results in H1, if you go back to what have we been focusing on? We’ve been focusing on building the digital core of our clients, which is moving to the cloud, having the right systems, all of which this current crisis actually points out to, are very critical, right. And then the first wave of that, you’re just seeing it in the demand for us to help them improve their infrastructure, deploy collaboration technologies and so on. The second thing we’ve been helping them with is optimize their operations and the ability to use technology, not only to reduce costs, but to be more productive. And what you are seeing even now we are already having inbound things about, can you help us achieve more savings through technology in the shorter term? So we have very relevant offerings and what’s really interesting, if you go back to the financial crisis and operations, that business is very different. It was much more around labor arbitrage with some analytics on top of it. Today, as I talked about earlier, our business in Operations, our business in Living systems start fundamentally with technology platforms that we have built, so that as our clients are making decisions, do they invest themselves to build something, or should they leverage here. The current crisis actually makes those investments we’ve been making for years, even more attractive and relevant, because clients will have less investment capacity, they will need to move fast, and they’ve got to address the challenges. And so the final area is around accelerating the growth agenda and this is where Accenture Interactive is critical. I mean just think about what’s happening right now. People are staying home and they’re getting online and they can’t go to stores. The opportunity over time to engage differently with your customers, to establish different relationships, are going to be very important and Accenture Interactive is at the core, right, of customer experience and very relevant. So we knew coming out of H1, you see the strength of that. But as you think about what’s actually happening, and of course it’s still early days, but we could see what’s going – our services, we believe will be even more relevant rate, as we get through this first period, where we need to, and I just want to be clear, at the end of the day, we have to serve our clients, and we need to help them adjust. We need to make sure their mission critical services are continuing, and then help them evaluate how to navigate, grow and address this, and that will be very different in different industries and companies and we are very – this is where our relationships matter so much. 95 of our top 100 clients, we have been there for over 10 years. So I feel very confident and I think we are in a very significant position of strength as we go into this chapter.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Thanks. It’s a great question. So first of all, just philosophically we are not ever going to be shortsighted here. And as you said, our people are really our competitive advantage and we are the envy of the industry. And so as we look at this, we do a couple of things. First of all, we’re obviously slowing recruiting, but we’re still recruiting, like for example, in Italy – and we all know the situation there. We’re still recruiting for security right now, because as our clients have been moving to home, they need greater health and security services. And just you know, a shout out to our HR team, we’ve rapidly turned our onboarding into entirely virtual, so that we can continue to recruit the critical services our clients need during this time, when obviously we cannot have people coming to the office. The second thing that we do, is we look at where we need skills and our ability to pivot people because of course, we are a great learning organization right, and so one of the first things we always do is, where is the demand and what can we do, and we’ve trained over 300,000 people in the last couple of years just on new IT. And so, part of what we will be doing – a significant part, is making sure that we also are able to adapt. For example, if you just look at the digital – the need for digital workplace; in this week alone, we took 600 people and spun them up and trained them on all the skills they need, to be deploying these technologies like Teams, because our clients rapidly needed that for the demand. And so in its first phase, our focus is of course, the slowing down on our recruiting, except where we need the critical skills and then deploying our people at the demand and we won’t be shortsighted.
Julie Sweet: Yes, I mean obviously we’ve got – its sort of client by client, and by the way our legal department is doing an amazing job right now because – as you might imagine, many of our contracts didn’t even contemplate ever working from home, right, and so they’ve been working client by client sort of 24/7 to evaluate that. But it’s just a mix and so I’d just tell you, our guidance is kind of taking into account, all of these different factors and that’s where we updated it to.
Julie Sweet: Well, so, in the Philippines, we’re probably about where we are expect to be. In India, we’re still adding. But again, it really depends on the nature of the work, and so we wouldn’t expect it to be much higher than that, because some of the work – if you think about bandwidth, the need for power. What our employees can do in some – their conditions and then sort of be availability, the bandwidth on some of the things that take more bandwidth. So it’s going to go a little bit higher in India. But I think we’re in a pretty good position. Around the world, it varies. I mean, look at in Italy we are at 85% to 90%, in Spain, 90%. So globally, it’s actually much higher, right, because of the nature of the workforce. So you really have to look at nature of the work and country by country. But as my stat, at 16 million minutes a day to 30 million minutes a day, so we’ve mobilized very quickly.
Julie Sweet: Alright. Thank you again for joining us on today’s call. As we navigate the current environment, it is important to remember that we will continue to invest in our business and our people for the long-term. The fundamentals of our business are strong and we plan to emerge even stronger. I cannot emphasize enough my gratitude for the extraordinary efforts of our leaders and our people around the world, to both take care of each other and continue serving our clients, which they have done, even as they are concerned for their own health and health of their loved ones and communities. I also want to thank our clients for placing their trust in us, our investors for their continued confidence and our ecosystem partners for their shared commitment to our clients. Perhaps what is most unprecedented about the situation we face is how universal the tragedy is, that is unfolding around the world. It truly affects us all and I hope that each of you and your family and friends are healthy and continue to be well. Thank you.
KC McClure: Yes, so let me maybe take a second just explain how we arrived at our guidance overall, and Julie will talk about a lot of the continuity question that you had, Tien-tsin. So I think first of all, it’s important to step back and take a look at our trajectory for our year prior to the coronavirus. As you heard Julie and I talk, we exited H1 with very strong momentum, and we were on a path to be at the top end of our previous annual guidance range of 6% to 8%. And at a minimum, we would have been reconfirming all of the other elements in our guidance. But obviously, things are different and let’s talk a little bit about how we arrived at our guidance, and it really reflects how we manage our business today. So we took a look at our business from an industry, geography and a type of work, specifically the various services that we offer, and then we analyze the potential impacts from these unprecedented circumstances, such as you know, working remotely at this scale for us and for our clients and the fact that there will be more impacts in various industries and others. And then based on these impacts, we reasonably estimated what we saw today, as being the impact in our business in the second half of the year. So as a result of that, we lowered the top end of our previous guidance range from 8% to 6% as you have seen, and given the uncertainty, Tien-tsin, we also, as you saw broadened to a 3 point range for the full year and also 4 point range for Q3. There is an important thing that’s on the other side of the travel discussion that we just talked about, as it relates to margin. The other context is, the impact of lower travel on our revenue, and that’s really important, as you look at our lowered guidance range for the year. So the importance of that on revenue is, to understand that we will have a significant decline in our travel reimbursement revenue. And for the full year, that could be a full percent. So really, it could be as much as 2% in the second half of the year. So that is really reflected in the guidance range, where we said, we are at sort of negative 2% to positive 2%. And also, it’s important to understand that that is disproportionately weighted to our consulting type of work, probably, as you would expect. And lastly, before I hand over the Julie, I do want to just mention, probably the most important thing is, we continue to be laser focused on our clients during this time. As Julie mentioned in her script, we are clearly the fabric of our clients’ business now, more than ever, doing mission critical work. We are an integral part of their operations and we’re partnering with them on what they need. We know that the fundamental drivers of our business will continue to create tremendous opportunity for us in the long term, and we’re very confident in our positioning in the market. So thanks for letting me take a little bit of time to maybe expand a bit on guidance, because I thought it was important given the environment. And I hand it over to Julie to talk about continuity.
KC McClure: Yes. And maybe one thing I’d just add is – one thing that I would say that, we do expect that we saw coming out of the last crisis, that we also believe we’re well positioned this time again, is taking market share. So when we came out of the last financial crisis, we did take market share and that is our expectation that we are – as we look long term, that we will have tremendous opportunities for us over the long-term by staying close to our clients.
KC McClure: Yes. So let me start with the second part of your question first. So, as we look to what we think the back half of the year will be by type of work, we do think that consulting could be low-single digit positive or negative and remember, that also factors in – as they get a more disproportionate impact of the lower travel reimbursement revenue, Bryan. In the back half of the year, outsourcing will be low to mid single digit positive. Both types of work right now as you have seen are high single-digit growth. So at the end of the year, we do see consulting at low to mid single digit growth for the full year, and outsourcing at mid to high single digit. And what I would just give, in terms of other color on our guidance, just as an overall point. Is that we’ve done the risk profile, as you know, it’s higher than normal. We have provided our guidance in that context, based on what we see today. As a leadership team, we’re going to be as relevant as we can to our clients, and as we’ve always said, it’s our job to try to deliver as high as we can, the range. But I think it’s also important to note that in this environment, we believe it’s reasonably possible that we can land anywhere in this range. So our guidance does take into consideration what we see today, but Bryan, the environment remains fluid and evolve differently from our assumptions.
KC McClure: We did take a look, as I mentioned we – Bryan, we did take a look at different geographies, the lens of geography in our guidance. We also looked at the lens of industries. And we did take a look at which ones will be more severely impacted in our view, I’d put – as Julie talked about, we did mention, travel is a small part of Accenture’s business, it’s about 3% of our revenue and had already been in decline even before coming into this crisis. So that’s one industry, although it’s not a big part, we have important clients there, so not big part of our revenues, but travel is an industry. We talked last quarter about industrial being a little bit under pressure in North America and Europe. We do think – that’s about 7% of Accenture’s revenue and we do think that will be – continue to be affected, go forward. And I think within high tech, where we have our aerospace and defense business, that obviously will be – continue to be impacted as well. So maybe that gives just a little bit of color on some of our industries.
