Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining. I would like to begin by honoring the incredible bravery of the Ukrainian people in the face of the unlawful invasion by Russia and extending our deep sympathy and concern over the horrific losses of life. While these words don't feel adequate to capture what is happening, we are taking actions to help in the small ways we can, which I will share more about later in the call.  Turning now to the quarter. I will start by thanking our almost 700,000 people around the world for your incredible dedication and work to create 360-degree value for our clients and all our stakeholders. Thank you to our clients who are making bold moves to transform and putting their trust in us to help them. Finally, thank you to our technology ecosystem partners we work with every day to innovate and create more value for our clients.  Now a few highlights from the quarter. We had record bookings of almost $20 billion and continued improved pricing, which refers to contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell across the business with 36 clients with bookings over $100 million. We had record revenue growth of 28% in local currency, bringing total revenue added through H1 to $6.2 billion, which is what we added in all of FY '21. And our EPS grew 25% year-over-year with flat operating margin and continued significant investment in our business and our people.  Our workforce grew by 24,000 people, demonstrating again our ability to attract top talent at the scale needed by our clients. We were the top scoring company on the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index out of more than 400 organizations globally. We were recognized in Ethisphere's World's Most Ethical Companies for the 15th year in a row and by JUST Capital for the sixth consecutive year. Our people completed another 9.2 million training hours this quarter. And we continue to gain market share, growing more than 3x the market.  With such an exceptional quarter, I would like to particularly recognize and thank the incredibly strong delivery teams that underlie these results. Our clients know that our commitments are backed by the outstanding work our people do every day, working side-by-side with them, from shaping the future to building the best systems and platforms to creating amazing new experiences and brands to running critical functions for our clients and everything in between.  Before handing over to KC, let me pause to reflect on the current macro environment. It was almost exactly 2 years ago that we did earnings only 8 days after the pandemic was declared. Then, as now, the world faced incredible uncertainty. We are all watching the events unfold in Ukraine, and there are many potential scenarios which are difficult to predict.  While the circumstances are very different, our focus is the same: on the well-being of our people, serving our clients and staying close to their evolving needs and helping our communities. We emerged from the pandemic an even stronger and more relevant company, and we will use this strength to successfully navigate this environment and fulfill these same 3 goals.  Over to you, KC.
Julie Sweet: Sorry about that, everyone. I just want to make sure, confirm that we're good. Apologies. If you can hear me, we heard the call apparently dropped. We're good. Okay.  So let's go back to we're helping our clients put sustainability in their core. We are helping a leading steel and mining company move to low-carbon steelmaking and employ decarbonization technologies. As an end-to-end partner supporting the company's ambitious decarbonization program, we will help standardize and implement the technical solution among its sites.  I would now like to briefly comment on how Accenture as a company and our people have mobilized to support our Ukrainian colleagues and provide humanitarian aid. When people ask me what makes Accenture special, our actions like these are what come to mind. While we do not have operations or people who work in the Ukraine, we have many Ukrainians who work for us, particularly in Poland. For their extended families who are in Ukraine, we quickly put in place Ukrainian language telehealth and other remote support services. And for those family members who are leaving the Ukraine, we are providing the settlement assistance.  I also am proud of our people who have volunteered to drive refugees from the border to help get them settled. With a decade of experience helping refugees, we knew that not-for-profit organizations operating in Ukraine and the border countries providing humanitarian relief would have an initial immediate need for cash. We are currently donating $5 million in cash to these organizations.  In addition, our people have donated nearly $1.5 million in our employee giving program, and we are providing 100% match funding. Our people also have sprung into action to anticipate the next needs of refugees. In Poland, we are piloting the first addition of an Accenture Academy for women refugees from Ukraine to build their technology skills starting in cybersecurity.  Finally, as we've shared, we are discontinuing our business in Russia. We are working to support our nearly 2,300 employees there, and we want to thank them for their dedication and commitment to Accenture over the years.  Back to you, KC.
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Lisa. Great question because we're talking to our clients all the time. And I guess, let me just start with, I think the experience of the pandemic has just built in more of a sense of resilience and agility. And so we're seeing really a lot of what I call calm in response to the macro environment. I mean the reality is that it's very early. And while there are lots of like predictions around what could happen with inflation, what could happen with supply chain, people are not overreacting. And instead, what I'd say is they're remaining very focused on the priorities they had before the crisis because as you talk about, inflation is already a reality, right?  And we're already living that. And so for inflation, depending on the industry, like, for example, consumer goods, there's been a lot of focus on growth and cost, right, with cost being even higher up because you're seeing that you can't push through all of the -- and price increases, all of the increases in input. Of course, as you think about the potential scenarios around like disruption of agriculture and so on, we could see that potentially going higher, but it's too early to tell. And instead, companies are saying, look, we've got to make sure that we're on pace, and we're executing. The same as I think about energy prices. Supply chain, if anything, there's just been an increased focus on we need to think as much about resilience, right, as cost in supply chain. And we absolutely have to digitize so we've got more insight.  And so I think the trends that we were already seeing to address, things coming out of the pandemic, the changing economic environment around inflation are simply being focused on even more. And this premium on are we building in agility and are we going at the right pace, that's really the nature of the conversations.
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Bryan. It's really too early to see that. We're seeing clients staying very focused on their business and what we're doing with them.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. It's really, I think, a combination of things, right, but let's just always start with our clients. Prepandemic, what we saw were clients much more into -- they did transformation quite sequentially, right? The pandemic was a major shock. You saw the leaders who are kind of coming into that saying we've got to go even faster. And you saw a bunch of companies saying, we need to leapfrog, right? We need to move online. We need to do digital transformation.  And that meant that we saw companies starting to take on -- not sequential transformation, but what we call compressed transformation, where they're, at the same time, doing manufacturing as well as sales. And you saw that in some of the examples that I gave today where you've got entirely new backbones being created across multiple enterprise functions, where you've got both new platforms being put into place and manufacturing. And they're doing that in order to lead because of what they see in the business.  And when you think about who is able to help navigate, because you don't do that kind of transformation with like a different partner for every transformation, right? Accenture is very distinctive in our industry because we are able to transform every part of the enterprise. And that's one of the things I was trying to emphasize. Like we can do -- we're going to finance in HR, right? We've got the growth agenda, sales, marketing and service, right? We've been investing for a decade in Industry X, which is really taking off. We talked about the digital frontier.  And so you have in Accenture a partner that can do that. And you see that over the course of the last 2 years in the record numbers compared to prepandemic of clients with over $100 million in bookings. And it's really -- it's recognizing, it's representing that level of demand. And we're quite unique. Like we've talked about this for years, right? All of our different services, our deep industry knowledge. And when you're moving fast, you need a partner that really can span the enterprise and has that deep knowledge of the industry. And that is, of course, driving the growth, right? Because we are capturing the momentum in every part of the enterprise that's happening now.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And Tien-Tsin, the only one thing I want to add maybe back to your last question is, we are doing exactly what we did at the pandemic, which is we're calling it like we see it, right? So we'll update every quarter. And we've got -- we're really close to the clients, right? And as we said at the beginning, it is too early. So we're not trying to build in, be overly conservative or overly optimistic. Like we really just call it down the fairway. And next quarter, we'll update and we'll go from there.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Poland and Romania would be the sort of the two where we've got delivery centers. We don't have big local market, but Poland and Romania.
Julie Sweet: I love that you look at it over the long term because that's how we do. And so, the way we think about growth isn't about, is it double digit or not, right? We've had a very enduring and I think it served us well, belief that we should be growing more than the market, right? And so that is what we focus on, is that we are always continuing to take market share. And that is an enduring commitment that we sort of -- that we anchor to.  Now, the way we do that is that we stay very close to clients so that we know not only what they need today, but also, we can anticipate what they need tomorrow, right? And that's really important. So yesterday, for example, we talked about the Metaverse continuum where we have been investing for a decade. We think the Metaverse and Web3 is as significant as when, in 2013, we called that every business would be a digital business. And that will be a huge transformation over the next decade that will also be part of -- sort of next waves of growth.  At the same time, it's really important to look at where we are now, which is still extraordinarily early in the digital transformation of every part of the enterprise, right? We estimate, for example, that only about 30% of workloads have been -- have moved to the cloud. And once you get to the cloud, that's when you actually use those technologies to grow and innovate. You saw that in some of the examples that we gave today where you're having the cloud piece, but then you're figuring out how to use the data and the AI to really transform.  When you look at replatforming on the leading SaaS platform, similarly, extraordinarily early. So, everyone feels, right, the big focus on digital because that was the wake-up call from the pandemic. But the actual transformation and just putting in the foundation is still very early stages, and then it's what you do on that foundation.  Then if you look at from a technology development point of view, let's take manufacturing and supply chain. Many of the technologies have that are advanced have only been introduced in the last couple of years, right, the advanced cloud-based technologies. And so, technology itself, like there's still new functionality that doesn't even exist in some of the major platforms that's still being created. And so, we consider the manufacturing and supply chain as the next digital frontier. And of course, that was a big play for us, which we've been doing for the last decade because it's a move from IT to OT as you think about the budgets that we're accessing, right?  And so overall, like as much as we feel there's so much going on, you still have many, many companies who’ve not started the compressed transformation. You're very early in the platforming of what's today, let alone the next things that we can already see like Web3.
Julie Sweet: And I'm just going to add -- and I just want to add that I'm very happy with where we are on profitability. I mean if you think about what we are navigating, right, hyper growth has increased costs from all the recruiting, right? We did a big step-up in acquisitions last year. We're absorbing that dilution this year, right? We've increased significantly the investments in our business, which are all about driving growth today, but also tomorrow, right? We're in an unprecedented labor market with wage inflation, which we are absorbing and still delivering at 10 basis points operating margin expansion. So I feel really good about where we are as a company, both for this year and all the things that we're doing to position ourselves to continue to grow in market-leading ways.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And I just like I wish we could manage it sort of like say, we're going to do this many and then we're going to absorb. But it really is just about timing goes up and down. And also, we have a lot of rigor and discipline. We're only going to do deals that we believe in, right? So we're not trying to manage in any way to a quarter. We've got a capital allocation. If we can do that with great deals, we're going to do it, and so that's the approach.  I will take the opportunity just to say one of the ones we did announce, we did close 2 this quarter. But one of the ones we announced I'm super excited about, which is AFD.TECH, which is in the network space, 1,600 people in France. And it's important because as you think about what's happening in digitization, our increasing move into really leading in network is important. And it's just another great example of how we use acquisitions to accelerate our strategic growth priorities. It's an important part of Accenture Cloud First.
Julie Sweet: Look, we all rose to dealing with the types of things that may come out of this crisis other than perhaps the military scenarios, right, whether it's more inflation, the need for energy conservation due to higher energy prices, the disruption in supply chain, agriculture. All roads lead to some combination of technology and human ingenuity, right, which is what we bring together. And so, you've got great solutions like managed services to accelerate both cost takeout and finding new ways to grow, new ways to access markets, right? You've got energy efficiency that's going to come from technology improvements.  And so, as you think about what we do, right, we're the company that's going to be able to help companies navigate these macro trends. And so, we really believe that the technology -- importance of technology and then being able to apply it to get tangible outcomes is going to be critical. And so, we believe we'll be resilient through this, through whatever this is going to be as well.
Julie Sweet: Interesting question. I would say that our clients really focus on skills. They don't focus on degrees. And so, what they're looking for are the skills. And that's a broader trend. In fact, we predicted that 3 years from now, Chief Human Resources officers will all be talking about skills. And as part of this trend, you need to be -- not a consumer, but a creator of talent, understand skills and then be able to reskill.
Julie Sweet: I wouldn't think about the arbitrary opportunity. We pay market-relevant pay. And it's the focus on skills. Even if you look at our -- the way we draft our recruiting thing, it is about skills. And so, there isn't something that because you've got a 2-year degree versus a 4-year degree, now you're paid less. It's about skills. So, there's a market price for these skills. So, I wouldn't think of it as labor arbitrage.
Julie Sweet: What I would say is since the time of the pandemic, when we had this global shock, right, we continued to evolve our ability to move work and be flexible. And so, our focus is really on that agility and making sure that we have the right kinds of talent, both geographically dispersed, but also the ability to move talent around.
Julie Sweet: I'm talking about talent all the time with our clients. And I'd say that it's slightly different than what your focus is. Here are the two big things, which are all around accessing talent. So, in accessing talent, means you have to be able to attract and retain it, and you've got to be able to get it at scale.  So the bigger focus is around what does it take to attract and retain in a hybrid work environment. And so more companies are focused on where they did -- they used to want everybody in the office, having more of a hybrid model, and that has knock-on cost effects as you decrease your real estate. And so that's been a big focus.  But the actual -- the thing we talk to clients about is it's more about how do you attract people who today, all of our research shows that if you're not having to be there in a frontline worker, you want some combination, and then that does have costs. And so that's a huge focus around talent.  The second piece on access, if you look at the way our managed services are being driven, it is really 2 big things. One is it's faster to digitize because you use our platforms. And the second is the access to hard-to-get talent, right? And so let's just take security. We have 10,000 security professionals who do everything from threat assessment to the rebuilding and designing platforms to managed services. And in today's world, with the security landscape broadening, right, that access to that kind of talent is incredible. And so just the real focus is on access and what does it take to access it, including through partnerships. And those are the kinds of conversations that we have.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Well, listen, I was just at CERAWeek, which is the world's largest energy conference for a couple of days just last week, so I spent a lot of time with everyone in the energy sector. And I think rather than looking at it historically, let's look at it like what are people talking about now. So first of all, despite the increases in prices, say, in oil and gas, no one is saying, "Hey, now we've got to let up on cost." In fact, the exact opposite. Because the oil and gas industry, in fact, the entire energy industry has a major challenge ahead of investing to move to sustainable energy solutions.  And so what I would say is that there is an absolutely laser focus on continuing what that industry had to do during the pandemic because how it was fit and focus on cost and now accelerate innovation and moving to sustainable energy solutions. And that's where we gave the example today of how we're helping in decarbonization. We announced this week what we're doing with Ecopetrol and AWS around water management, right? And so we're playing -- we're obviously very well situated. We have a deep, deep expertise in utilities and oil and gas and the entire energy sector in -- at their core both enterprise as well as in the grid, at the refinery and then helping really create those sustainable solutions. We see this as a major opportunity for our clients that we want to help them on.
KC McClure: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Lisa. So let me first start with, we were really pleased with our performance in operating margin. So we've expanded 10 basis points to the first half of the year. And we were flat in the second quarter. And really, that was driven by revenue growth, as we mentioned, with -- that had improved pricing on our record bookings. So very pleased with profit this quarter, including the 25% growth that we delivered in EPS.  And so let's -- let me just peel that back a bit. So we're in a hypergrowth environment where we're hiring at elevated levels to meet this demand. So at the same time, as you know, we're navigating wage inflation. So Lisa, we remain very focused on pricing, knowing that it's going to take some time for the improved pricing, which lags compensation to flow through our P&L, but we did see some impact to that in this second quarter results.  I think probably more importantly, it's really very important that we significantly invest in our people and our business and we're doing so at even higher levels than last year. So we're absorbing that also in our up margin as well as the step-up that we've talked about in our acquisition spend.  So just in summary, we're halfway through the year. We're 10 basis points of margin expansion. We think we'll continue to that level of margin expansion in the back half of the year. Really pleased with that. And that would mean an EPS growth, which is stellar at 21% to 23% growth for the year.
KC McClure: Yes. So thanks, Tien-Tsin. So let me just cover what we're assuming in our guidance. So -- and maybe I'll first start with our guidance does take into account the revenue impact of discontinuing our business in Russia and the cost to wind that down.  Now with respect to the broader risk, our guidance, we're calling it like we see it, Tien-Tsin. So the same way that we did -- we always do, we did during the pandemic. And today, we don't see a significant disruption in our business. Now it's still very early, and it's difficult to predict. So our guidance does not take into account any significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or the conflict's current scope.  Now as it pertains to Europe, we are not seeing a significant disruption in our business in Europe. You've seen that reflected as well in our very strong bookings and revenue growth. And for the back half of the year, our guidance continues to assume a very strong double-digit growth, including in Europe.
KC McClure: Yes. So I'll comment on the pipeline, Tien-Tsin, and see if Julie wants to add anything else. But we continue to feel good about our pipeline even with another quarter of record bookings just completed. We were very pleased with our bookings, obviously, in Q2 and for the first half of the year. But bookings can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. So we focus on the trailing 12-month book-to-bill as I know many of you do, too. But we, overall, still feel really good about our pipeline.
KC McClure: Jason, I would say that our bookings -- our record bookings did come in higher than we expected. That was a broad-based over-delivery across all markets, all services and industries as well as consulting and outsourcing type of work. And again, we look at an overall book-to-bill, as I just mentioned to Bryan, in a trailing 12 months, 4 quarters at a time. So, we feel good about where we are and our positioning and our pipeline and our bookings to date as we head into H2.
KC McClure: Yes. So in terms of wage inflation, I will -- it's really a pretty similar case to what we've discussed last quarter. So maybe it just kind of goes back through that again. So obviously, it's occurring in all the industries, and it's across the globe. And our clients have also obviously experienced this as well in this very tight labor market.  But for us, as it relates to wage inflation, we see for our business that we're going to continue to have wage increases in the market for certain skills, and that's going to continue to vary by geography. And we're also looking at have the Consumer Price Index and any increases there and how that might potentially spill over into inflation at the lower end of our pyramid.  And so we're focusing on pricing to absorb our higher labor costs. And again, as it relates to pricing, what we're seeing is that it's going to take some time, Keith, for the improved pricing, which we did have in the second quarter, again, on our record bookings. We see that flow through -- see that flow through our P&L. We did see some of that impact in the second quarter, but that obviously lags the impact of compensation increases.
KC McClure: Yes. Maybe I'll just state some facts and you can -- yes, so Ash, we're about halfway through the year. And we did have a lot of acquisitions closed in Q1. You're right, we did have less close in Q2. But acquisition closing, they can be lumpy. We can't always control the timing. So we've deployed $1.8 billion of acquisition spend year-to-date. We continue to expect about $4 billion of acquisition spend in FY '22. But of course, we're only going to do deals that make sense. And so it could be plus or minus the $4 billion. And we'll update you next quarter. But let me...
