Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie and thank you to everyone joining today, and thank you to our people around the world for their dedication and commitment, which is how we are able to consistently deliver 360 degree value for all our stakeholders, our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities. Turning to the quarter, I will start with the financials. While the macro environment continues to be uncertain overall, in Q3 we delivered solid revenue and sales with very strong profitability and very strong free cash flow, while continuing to significantly invest in our business. Now getting into the highlights, we had bookings of $17.2 billion, including 26 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million, bringing the total year to date 85, which is 11 more than the same time last year. We delivered revenues of $16.6 billion, representing 5% growth with North America growing 2%, Europe at 7% and growth markets at 9%, all in local currency, bringing us to $48.1 billion of revenue at 10% growth fiscal year to date. Revenues were impacted by lower than expected small deal sales, especially in strategy and consulting and systems integration and lower than expected results in the communications, media and high-tech industry group for the quarter. Excluding [CMT] (ph), our business grew 8% globally, 7% in North America, 9% in Europe and 10% in growth market in local currency. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 20 basis points, grew adjusted EPS 14% over last year and delivered free cash flow of $3.1 billion. And over the past 11 quarters we have operated at 91% or higher utilization, leveraging our digital enterprise to connect our sales, staffing, hiring and skill needs to make proactive real time decisions. We are on track with the business optimization actions to lower costs in fiscal 2024 and beyond, while continuing to significantly invest in our business with five acquisitions in strategic areas this quarter, bringing the total investment in acquisitions year to date to $1.3 billion. We invested in Cloud, Data and AI with the acquisition Nextira in North America, Objectivity in the UK and Einr in Norway. We also invested in sustainability with the acquisition of Green Domus in Brazil and in modern ERP services with Bourne Digital in Australia. We continued to take market share growing about two times the market. Now turning to other aspects of the 360 degree value we delivered this quarter. We continue to invest in learning for our people with 9 million training hours in the quarter, representing an average of 13 hours per person, giving them the skills to grow as our clients' needs evolve. We're incredibly pleased that we were recognized as a top 10 place to work in seven countries. Argentina, Brazil, Chile, India, Mexico, the Philippines and the U. S. Collectively, these countries represent nearly 70% of people. Vibrant communities are important for our business success and digital scaling helps ensure vibrant communities thrive. In collaboration with L'Oreal and our NGO partner, [Shambu] (ph) Foundation, we are supporting women in India to build digital literacy skills alongside the technical skills needed to access jobs in the beauty industry. Together, we have collectively created sustainable livelihoods for 2,500 women across 10 states in India, accelerating equality, delivering social impact in the community and continuing our commitment to embed diversity and inclusion in everything we do. Finally, this year we are proud to earn the number 22 position on [Brand Z's] (ph) prestigious top 100 most valuable global brands list, our highest rank today. Over to you KC.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Thanks, Lisa. So I'll first give some color on that. So, the big difference in our expectations from last quarter and where we ended up really was all in the small deals. And we saw a further -- they came in lower than, and we saw that extend to Europe and the Growth Markets. Now that was both in S&C and systems integration. But that's the big reason that we have a difference in sort of where we thought where we would be this quarter. Now our job is to continue to pivot to higher -- where there is higher growth, and we're working on that in digital manufacturing, supply chain, data and AI. But that will take a little time. And what we're seeing is that, there's a lot of extensions going on in small deals, but it's the newer small projects, while at the same time, we continue to have very strong bookings and interest and huge opportunity in transformation. So I think our clients are kind of holding back on the small stuff and doing the bigger stuff, which obviously converts to revenue differently. But you see where Strategy and Consulting makes a big difference there, like in the DuPont example that I gave in the script where you have to have so much expertise in the industry, as well as the functions, as well as technology. What that means is that, it is going to take a little while for the turnaround. And we're not going to go to next year because we really want to see how Q4 evolves, and KC will give a little bit of color on how we are thinking about our Q4. And what I would also say is that, things like gen AI are a big opportunity, but it is early. So we did in the last four months 100 projects. That represents about $100 million in sales. That's kind of the average size of those projects where it is. And so, we're going to continue to pivot there, but it just takes a little bit of time. So why don't I let KC give you a little color on how we're thinking about Q4.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Yes. And I think another good analogy actually, maybe even less so than the offshore is more about like SaaS, right? Because you remember when we talked about when SaaS came, what would be the opportunities. And there was a lot of worry about how SaaS would interrupt IT services. And obviously, it's been just a huge opportunity. So I think, Lisa, if you think about this, so obviously a big opportunity for us to help our clients. We see it as two other areas of opportunities. So the first is help our clients, big opportunity. The second is, the opportunity for us to improve the delivery of services to our clients, right? Now what is -- and that, we think, is a huge opportunity for us. So think about it first. In context of Managed Services every year, right, we have to find at least 10% of productivity. So we talk a lot about our platform, things like myWizard and that. That's all AI-enabled. Like just year-to-date in operations, not using gen AI, right, we have automated 13,000 jobs and then we've reskilled those people and redeployed them. Our business model requires us to get at least 10% productivity year in and year out. As we're kind of getting to the maturity of automation and AI before generative AI, we see generative AI as our ability to continue to give at least that 10% productivity year in and year out. So in the managed services area, we see that more as the ability to continue doing what we have to do as kind of the next generation of technology. Where we're super excited is in software development that is more around our systems integration and our big transformations around platforms because while we do automate there, we think gen AI may provide a real opportunity to do even more. And remember, our strategy is to deliver compressed transformation. So the more that we can find ways to deliver faster and less costly, that's going to be a big differentiator. So we're leaning in hard. At the same time, these technologies are [indiscernible] early. And so for example, we're doing a lot of experimentation now. It's really good for things like documentation, but complex integrations, being able to use them for highly architectured systems, which is what our large enterprises do. GenAI isn't there yet, right? So think it's going to take some time. We also don't yet know the cost. And one of the things we are really -- a lot of clients are looking at for us to help them with the business case because most of the studies, including our own, are all about what potentially uses of it. But because these products aren't out yet, we know that -- it's much more expensive to use gen AI, it's much more energy efficient. And so the actual ROI, so there's the art of the possible, but what's actually the return, it's still really early days. So we're very excited that we can get new kinds of productivity, particularly on things like consulting and systems integration but it's early days yet. And we are leaning in because we think it's a big opportunity for us to differentiate. And that's why we are investing $3 billion over the next three years because we think this is like another cloud first moment where we were out early, we invested at scale. The last thing I would say is, there's also an opportunity for us to use it in our own enterprise. And of course, we like -- part of our strategy is to be our own best credential. And we're prioritizing it, using it wherever we think we can use it for us and then take it to market to help our clients. So overall, we think that like prior big changes, right, first, the change to cloud, right, and before that to servers, that it always creates new opportunities as long as you have the ability to invest, like we do, you've got leading partnerships, we've just announced yesterday expanded partnerships with all of the three big cloud providers; and you have that agile innovation mindset that says embrace change and move fast.
Julie Sweet: Sure. So just a few things, Ashwin. So first of all, the most important thing right now just as a framework is, stay close to our clients, and really understand. And the thing is, our clients do need ways to get value in the short term as well as to transform. And so, we're working hard on finding new ways to get value to them faster. That's where the gen AI, for example, comes in. And so, over the next quarter, we're going to be developing new opportunities, new campaigns, new ways of pushing out our investments in gen AI to help us address the small deal pressure that we're seeing. We don't have a crystal ball that is going to say what the economy is going to do, how fast clients are going to get comfortable. Because you remember, we saw this over this quarter to more industries, including industries that are doing well. There's just a level of caution right now. And so, how we're looking at it is certain things we can't control, focus on not only doing the big large transformational deals, but finding new ways to develop returns faster, which is why the work we're doing on gen AI is so important. And you're seeing that kind of early focus with 100 projects in four months. So we're going to keep doing that. Secondly is, stay focused on those transformational deals, right? This provides a base level of resilience in our business. So we've got to absolutely try to do -- maximize the small deals, but it is really important that we continue to be the transformation partner of choice. And that is where bringing together all of these services and making sure that we've got the right proposition is super important. So that is a core part of our strategy. And so that's really how we're thinking about it.
Julie Sweet: Let me just take the second one first, right, is, again -- and we've been talking about this for years, right, because AI has been such a big part of our strategy and automation, right, is that we will continue to manage it just like I talked about in my last answer, like where we've already automated 13,000 jobs this quarter and we've reskilled. And so, we will continue to manage that headcount as a result of AI in the way that we've been doing it for years. So no real change in that because we have a digital enterprise system that looks at what we need and sales. And what's really core is that we can reskill people as they are being freed up, and then we can adjust how much we have to hire. And of course, with attrition that in our industry is high relative to other industries, it gives us a lot of flexibility over time to get that people hiring right. So that's how I would think about it. And then for the way that we're going to hire, we saw a year-over-year increase of about 3% over last year. 11 consecutive quarters of 91% utilization. So you should just expect that every quarter we're going to manage carefully that headcount based on where we see the growth and to do that well. And I think we've proven our ability to do that.
Julie Sweet: Tien-Tsin, that's a great clever way to try to get us to talk about more of the future. But what I would say is, we've got a great track record of investing and getting a great return. And so, we think that it's going to pay off well.
Julie Sweet: If said another way, if small deals don't come back. We're going to have -- that's an important part of sort of understanding, which is why we want to see how Q4 works out before we look at next year.
Julie Sweet: Well, Bryan, I think in general, we think gen AI is going to go faster than, say, cloud, right, which took more like a decade. I would focus on -- so first of all, we're being very rigorous when we talk about gen AI, because we're really saying like what are the actual gen AI. The big growth, we think, is going to be in all the companies that then have to get their data done faster. And we're not lumping that together. And so, I don't know what others are going to do, but we're really being very pure in saying like, "Hey, this is pure gen AI." And if you think about where companies are, our research shows like only 5% to 10% of companies are mature right now with data and AI, and they're the ones that are really going to be able to use gen AI at scale. About -- we just had this research done that came in last week that hasn't been published yet. About 50% of companies have not started on their data or AI journey and everything in between -- some are good in data but not AI. They're having a hard time to scale. So where we think growth is going to come particularly next year, the bigger growth is going to be not in like the pure gen AI, but it's going to be in helping companies finish getting their end-of-life data migrated to the cloud. Because you need your data in the cloud, right? It's going to come in the data strategy and the -- all the governance and getting it architected while some of the stuff around gen AI gets sorted out. So for example, like cost is not there yet. And how do you take data from one cloud and there's cost to take it and put it another cloud. All of that, we're going to be working with our clients and our technology partners to really create the right business cases. But the growth we think in the near term is going to be from accelerating the digital core. And that's why we feel really good about the bigger transformational deals continuing next year because there's so much work to do.
Julie Sweet: It's really early. I mean, there's a lot of companies popping up as we know, and we're going to continue to scan. But one of the great things that we have is the ability to train, right? We've already trained in the last quarter another 1,000 people in gen AI. And by the way, since 2019, we have been requiring all of our 700,000 people to take a course on AI. So we have a really good baseline. And so, we think that it's going to be a lot like when we move to digital, a lot of organic. And this is where we're so competitively well positioned because we have great credentials in how we have trained our own table to rotate.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Look, on our consulting on the systems integration side, it's really more a tale about the small deals, right? So what we're seeing is that, sort of some of the small things versus the bigger, so a lot of the big transformations are continuing. So that's -- we're not seeing -- I mean, basically anything around the digital core, moving to cloud, all of that's going really well at the bigger levels. It's more about starting new projects right now. And so -- which is why we expect that demand to come back when people are less cautious.
Julie Sweet: Well, no, a couple of things. So first of all, no shift in how we view inorganic, which is a core part of our business model, right? So we expect to get about 2% of our revenue growth from this year from inorganic, and this has been a stable part of our strategy. And I just want to be clear that the shift to AI is just -- let's go back to total enterprise reinvention. What are clients doing? They are reinventing every part using tech data and AI. So when you look at our growth priorities, cloud, both the move to the cloud, but also cloud-based platforms, all growing very significantly, right, at the top level overall. And so, it's about building a digital core. And then the opportunity to take AI is to then reinvent the processes and the ways of working, which is, by the way, a huge opportunity for Accenture because we're not just about the technology. Our strength is in being able to do all of that. So I think it's really important that it's not an emphasis shift on AI. It's a rapidly accelerated opportunity because companies who were kind of resistant or not focused on it are now focusing on it. So I think that's important. Then the last piece is we will -- our focus is not going to suddenly in M&A be around just data and AI. And in fact, we think that there's going to be much more organic because there isn't a lot out there. But we use AI, right, to scale things like consulting, industry expertise, digital expertise. We've done that for digital manufacturing, supply chain. We also use it to get into new areas. So I'm super excited that yesterday we announced that we acquired Answer Advisors, which is a primarily US-focused, North America-focused company and capital projects. That's a really small business today in the U.S. and we just acquired a great company with 900 professionals in a market that has an $88 billion addressable market in North America, growing really well. That's a whole new area of net new growth for our North America business. So we use our ability to invest, right, to scale great things and continuously seed new areas of growth for Accenture. And you've seen us do that over and over again. We did it with Song, we did it with Industry X and digital manufacturing. We're now in supply chain and we're moving into capital projects. So that is just a huge advantage as you think about, not just the next couple of years, but growth over the decade for Accenture.
Julie Sweet: Great. Well, thanks, everyone. In closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support and all our people for what you are doing for our clients and for each other every day. Thanks, everyone, for joining. Look forward to being back together in a quarter.
KC McClure: Yes. Great. Thanks, Julie. Yes. So let me just kind of maybe step back and look at Q4 and the overall guidance for the full year. So first, I did mention this, but I just want to -- just reiterate that we are on track for our business optimization actions. So we're going to do about $800 million of cost for the full year 2023. Additional color is that, for Q4, as we look at bookings, we think they'll be about the same as what we did in Q3 of this year and have about the same complexion. Julie talked a bit about small deals. What I will tell you in terms of our revenue guidance for Q4, which is 2% to 6%. At the top end of our revenue guidance, that reflects some improvement in small deal performance, while the bottom end allows for some further deterioration. And we commented also in our scripts about CMT. And so, within our overall range of 2% to 6%, we do allow for CMT to get a little bit worse. And then lastly, to bring it on home as it relates to North America, because these two factors do impact North America performance in the context of our overall 2% to 6% range for the quarter. North America, which was 2% growth this quarter, it would likely be flat around the midpoint of our guidance range and it reflects a slight decline at the bottom of our range. And as Julie mentioned, obviously, we will give you more color, as I always do on next year when we get into September, and we'll see how Q4 plays out.
KC McClure: That's right. And I would just add just maybe on Q4, in particular. As Julie talked about, we did not add any heads really between -- any people between Q2 and Q3, which is what we expected. And then just Q4, we don't really see a need to grow our overall headcount as we continue to focus on the automation and reskilling that Julie talked about.
KC McClure: So in terms of what you should think about on our larger deals, they really do -- it really does vary in terms of how they fill in over the quarters going into next year and sometimes depending on what the work is, particularly in managed services, and there's larger deals, they can go out -- they can go into another fiscal year. So that's no real change in what we have experienced in terms of how the bookings fill in by the -- what I would say, the sales category size. What you're seeing is that, we do have a good foundation as we look out, right? And we've had a good foundation throughout this year everything that we've been booking in the transformational deals. But what really does also matter as you get into the year and then into -- closer to the quarters is how do you fill in with some of the smaller bookings.
KC McClure: Yes. So let me just talk about overall Managed Services. Yes, we're very pleased overall with our Managed Services bookings, right? They were up 9% this quarter and they're up 22% on a year-to-date basis. So we're very pleased with the bookings overall and the result of revenue, which continue to be very strong. We also have a very strong book-to-bill with the trailing of 1.1. And when I talked about Q4, Jason, we'll have about the same complexion of bookings in terms of the breakout of type of work. And I would -- and I will highlight just the continued strength within our bookings of our operations business, which, again, Julie had a lot of great examples in her script. It really is around when clients are focusing on digitizing their core, cutting costs of operations business is a differentiator and obviously very strategic.
KC McClure: Yes. Rod, so let me just comment on pricing and what we're seeing. So just let me start with as a reminder, when we talk about pricing that we define that as contractility or the margin on the work that we sell. And so what we're seeing in pricing is after five quarters of consecutive improvement in pricing, we mentioned last quarter that it's stabilized. And this quarter, we see the pricing is lower in some areas of our business. I continue to be very pleased with how we are managing pricing, particularly navigating the more challenging wage environment that we've experienced over the last few years. So very pleased with how we're performing in pricing and our overall contract profitability that we have this year. .
