KC McClure: Thank you Tom and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned I am KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for both the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2015. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder when we discuss revenues during today's call we're talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at accenture.com. As always Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
KC McClure: Thanks David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Tom would you provide instructions for those in the call please.
KC McClure: Moshe, this is KC, I'm sorry, we’re having a tough time hearing you, you’re breaking up a little bit.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We had an excellent first quarter and I am extremely pleased with our results. Our revenue growth was broad based including strong growth in both consulting and outsourcing as well as double-digit local currency growth in four of our five operating groups. We expanded operating margin, delivered double-digit EPS growth and returned substantial cash to our shareholders. Our very strong results demonstrate that we’re executing a growth strategy that is both highly relevant to our clients and highly differentiating for our country. David will provide more detail in a moment but here are a few highlights from the quarter. We delivered new bookings of $7.7 billion in line with our expectations. We grew revenues 10% in local currency gaining significant market share. We delivered outstanding earnings per share of $1.29 a 12% increase. We delivered operating margin of 15% to 20 basis point expansion. We generated very strong free cash flow of $821 million and continued to have a rock solid balance sheet ending the quarter with a cash balance of $4.5 billion. And we returned $1.3 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semi-annual dividend of $1.2 per share, a 10% increase over our previous year. So we are off to a very good start in fiscal year ‘15 and we have raised our outlook for revenue growth for the full fiscal year. Now let me hand over to David, who will review the numbers in greater detail. David over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: This is Pierre I will pick up that one. As we speak and we comment almost as of today, we’ve not yet seen any form of significant impact in our business with what’s happening. I believe that these big organizations in energy, oil and gas are just watching the situation. It has been very volatile this last few weeks and I guess our clients in these companies are waiting a bit to understand whether there is going to be some form of stabilization and when you have some form of stabilization you can stop executing your strategy. But as we speak we're not seeing any different pattern with our clients and I would characterize my dialog as being in a watching mode not panicking.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, if you look at it, I guess, it’s not going to be very different from the mix of Accenture from consulting and outsourcing standpoint. So, indeed, a good portion of the business going to be around outsourcing contract with long term commitment. As you know, we have even some clients where we are doing a business process outsourcing operations a very large and important client where we are doing finance and accounting. So these are kind of portion where which are contracted for long term and which are of course mission critical for the clients. So to answer your question the level of vulnerability would be more around the short-term consulting project and so forth, which would be a part of this 6%. So I guess that would probably impact something like a portion of 3%, if you will.
Pierre Nanterme: Of course on the country I am most excited [indiscernible] no doubt. Where we add a quarter I would characterize that’s fabulous based on fact nothing to do with my nationality of course. But I am pleased with what’s happening. I am extremely pleased with the sustainability of our performance in the United States. It is very important it is the largest market of Accenture and it is I would say the global market where things are happening in our industry.  This is where things happening from a digital standpoint, from an innovation standpoint as well from a disruption standpoint from an energy standpoint we can comment all of this and it’s for us all goodness that we are doing so well in the U.S. We are gaining market share and it’s been the case now for with this last four years. So it's not the story of a quarter.  I am extraordinarily impressed with what we are doing in Europe and I am mentioning impressed because we all know that the economic contact and conditions in Europe are very different from the U.S and driving 9% local currency growth in the European market is very significant including growths in our most mature market. I mean growing in Italy double digital digit, growing in France double digit, growing in Germany double digit it’s a big achievement for Accenture and why we’ve been able to do that to get back to your first question, indeed we have these last couple of years we have excellent traction in outsourcing, application outsourcings and we’ve been able to evolve our portfolio of business to BPO and we have some very landmark deals specially in electronic and hi-tech in business process outsourcing but as well as in banking in Italy just to get two illustration explaining France and Italy and the good news I would say this quarter from a European standpoint is consulting is back which is demonstrating that our clients are starting to re-invest in consulting first in digital related services couldn’t be more pleased with our digital business at Accenture. I would characterize on flyer not being emphatic but as well we see good opportunities again back in big ERP.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean on financial services, double digit growth is I mean this quarter when we look at the growth this year the growth was quite well balanced. So when I look at this I would say things are going well. We have growth in outsourcing, good growth in consulting back again in financial services. And going pretty well across the board so I do not see anything specific in financial services and this last two quarters we’ve been driving good growth with that vertical and we feel good about it including and I am taking the opportunity as I mentioned in my presentation we have our second client joining Accenture post trade servicing the unique capability in BPO where we are providing post trade services [indiscernible] we have our second client. So I think our new services are getting even more traction.
Pierre Nanterme: When you look at our drivers for growth and related to the presentation we made in the IA day, we had two plus one, clearly digital related services are a business where we invested significantly as you saw seven years and when we are getting a very significant return. As we mentioned our digital related services are in the range of the $5 billion and indeed are growing in excess of 20%.  So indeed it is an engine for growth. This is what that was supposed to be. We invested a lot organic or through some very targeted acquisitions as you remember the [indiscernible] equity, the avVenta, more recently i4C or this acquisition we made in Australia with a Reactive Media and we will continue to do so. And indeed it is for us very important investment source of growth because this is where the market is turning to.  I mean the second big engine for growth is what we characterize as everything related to rationalization of the operation for our clients which is resonating very well with our business in operations. And no surprise our business in operations, this business is growing double digit growth, so in access of 10%. And here you have two clear engines for growth, very sustainable, very strong and again when I look at operations it’s not by surprise we invested heavily in some acquisition and if you take procurement [every about] [ph] few years ago and more recently procurement.  And the third one when I said two plus one because this one is more lumpy, as David would say is around the large scale transformation programs. So every year we have a number of large scale transactions because this is the specialty of Accenture and we benefit from these three engines for growth. So we will continue moving forward to invest both in digital and both in our rationalization capability to do well especially around the applications how we see growing double digit and operations growing double digit and we will continue having our large scale transformation programs.
Pierre Nanterme: Both. We are extremely pleased with the traction we are getting and if I had to mention one, we are already leading on HANA implementation with SAP on a global basis. So the new ERP HANA based solution cloud enable and we already the number one in implementing the solution to marketplace that we see as well. The more classic legacy ERP to support the global expansion on very large clients and I have in mind two or three recent situations where we’ve been winning some very significant ERP in finance and accounting, in supply chain to support the transformation and the expansion of leading global groups. And for these groups you need the more classic I would say backbone that might around [the record] [ph], that might be around SAP or that might be around Microsoft.  And we see a few coming yet back again and as we speak at least I have three illustration in mind coming in Europe for very large global group and very large ERP. So we’re pleased with that business. Of course the digital related services are high per growth, are driving the growth and this is where we are investing. But we are pleased with where we are with our ERP business which has been stabilizing this last quarters.
Pierre Nanterme: But you know it's one close that for me is standing apart and which is probably over achieving and even taking out by surprise and this is good news is all about digital related services. This is a way we decided to ride, there is a strong trend we want to take leader position, we like Accenture Digital, we are now evaluated by the Governor at the largest and the number one organization providing digital related services. And in excess of 20% growth, it has probably taken us a little bit by surprise and this is a kind of surprise we love.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you. Thanks a lot for the good question and thanks David as well. So, thanks again for joining us on today’s call. With the first quarter behind us and given the very strong momentum in our business, I feel confident about our ability to deliver our revised business outlook. Moving forward, we will continue to look at opportunities to invest in differentiated capabilities, to position Accenture for growth and success in the marketplace and continue gaining market share. I want to wish everyone on today’s call a very happy holiday season and best wishes for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions please feel free to call KC. All the best. Happy holiday.
David Rowland: Thanks Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter fiscal ‘15 we expect revenues to be in the range of 7.25 billion to 7.50 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be a negative 5% compared to the second quarter of fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal year ‘15 based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 5% compared to fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal ‘15 we now expect our net revenues to be in the range of 5% to 8% in local currency over fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal year ‘15 we continue to expect new bookings to be in the range of $34 billion to $36 billion. For operating margin we continue to expect fiscal year ‘15 to be 14.4% to 14.6% a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal ’14 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. For earnings per share we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘15 to be in the range of $4.66 to $4.80 or 3% to 6% growth over fiscal ‘14 results. Absent the higher FX headwind which impacts EPS by $0.14 our EPS range would have increased by $0.06 driven by the higher revenue growth range.  Now turning to cash flow for the full fiscal ‘15 we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of 3.95 billion to 4.25 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately 450 million and free cash flow to be in the range of 3.5 billion to 3.8 billion. Finally we continue to expect to return at least 3.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce the weighted average diluted share outstanding by approximately 2% as we remain committed to returning the substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that let’s open it up so that we can take your questions. KC.
David Rowland: Certainly the composition of our bookings in the first quarter was an influence of the 10% growth and as I commented Tien-Tsin you and others have heard me reference previously what I refer to as annual contract value. So it’s the portion of our total bookings or the total contract value that converts to revenue in the fiscal year and we were very pleased with that number in the first quarter. And really that’s been a trend that we’ve seen really going even to the back half of last year as our growth went from 7% as you know in the third quarter to 8% in the fourth quarter.  And you’ve also heard me mention that as important as the larger transformational projects are to us, we also have been focusing our client teams more on thinking about the annual contract value of the work that we sell and deliver to clients. And I think we see some of that reflected in the growth in the first quarter and also in the second half of last year.
David Rowland: It is just mathematically it’s effectively arranged for the reasons you’re pointing out. I mean, on the bookings front, we feel very good about our pipeline. We are only one quarter into the year. We still think that the 34 to 36 range is the right range for us to be focused on. And for that reason we didn’t change it even though the FX did change.
David Rowland: First of all, just in terms of visibility and how that influences our supply planning. I mean, first of all, as you know, we are very effective at managing the supply side of our business. It’s a core competency of ours. And we are managing, adjusting and tuning the supply side including hiring daily if not hourly.  Now in terms of the growth in headcount, certainly and I think the tone of the comments hopefully indicated as much, we feel very good about our business. We exited last year with good momentum, that momentum translated into strong growth in the first quarter. It translated into a lower dollar value of booking but yet a very high quality of bookings with respect to how it will benefit revenue this year. And if you reflect on the guidance that we gave for the second quarter the upper end of that range is 10% in local currency. And so what all of that points to is confidence in our business and that underpins what we’re doing on the headcount front.  Now as it relates to headcount one of the many but important differentiating characteristics of Accenture is GDN and we continue to invest heavily in GDN including on the talent side. And so if you look at the recruiting that we did in the first quarter as you can see in the numbers its biased towards GDN but yet it’s important to recognize that we’re hiring in just about every geography around the world and we’re hiring meaningful numbers of people in all of our local markets. So I think the headcount just reflects the confidence that we have in our business.
David Rowland: Yes I guess just couple of thoughts. First of all as you know Lisa watching our business the bookings as we’ve always said probably said a thousand times the bookings can be lumpy across the quarters. And I think some of what you see this quarter is lumpiness I mean sometimes it’s really an insignificant difference as to whether or not we close let’s say one or two larger deals the last week of the quarter or the first week of the next quarter. It’s really just a timing issue. I will say by the way if I’ll just take this opportunity to point out that in the quarter we did have six clients with bookings over a $100 million and that’s a healthy number by any one standard but for us it’s a little bit lighter than what we’ve seen in some quarters in the last four to six. And so that was an influencing factor in the first quarter. Nonetheless we very pleased with the quality of what we sold as I said.  And so we don’t read anything through in terms of the fact that we had several very strong quarters, last quarter was a little bit lighter, this quarter as I characterized it, but yet if you look at our guidance range for the full year and if you just do the math then that tells you kind of what we’re thinking about in terms of kind of on average what our bookings would be for the next three quarters and of course that would put the bookings right back in the sweet spot of our book to bills. So if I go to where you stared we still focus very much on the book to bill metric of 1.0 to 1.1 for consulting and at least 1.2 for outsourcing but that doesn’t mean that hit it every quarter and when we don’t hit it every quarter we’re not worried about that we’re really focused on how we perform against those metrics really over kind of a multi quarter period. And I think for this fiscal year you’ll see it play out in a way that the book to bills will look normal to you if you will.
David Rowland: Absolutely and I would have been disappointed Lisa had you not asked that question. Hey it’s a good question and at the risk of being redundant I am just going to anchor back to some of the things [indiscernible], but I’ll give you some nuggets for the quarter as well. And so just for the benefit of everyone who's listening, we do really focus on operating margin. And at the end of the day what we really focus on at the highest level is driving a business that are payroll cost and are non-payroll cost evolve in a way that supports margin expansion. And so if you look at payroll as an example we’re much more concerned about the overall efficiency of the payroll, then we are the portion of the payroll that is reflected in sales and marketing versus cost of services at any particular point in time. I think maybe if I stay at the level that is appropriate, let me just point out a couple of things on gross margins. The first thing is and this is little bit of the dynamics that you have to understand is that our contract profitability actually was up year-over-year. So this is not an issue but this is not in gross margin driven by contract profitability pressures in the quarter. So what is it then? Well we have a lot of other cost that go into gross margin. We have recruiting cost; we’re hiring a lot of people in the first quarter. We have training costs, when we hire people we train them. We have types of our investments show up in gross margin, I characterized that what we’re focused on is investing in our business while at the same time growing revenue and expanding profit. So you have other things like other components of payroll variable comp as you know shows up in gross margin. So there are many factors that show up in gross margin to the root of your question it was not contract profitability, contract profitability increased and operating margin increased overall at 20 basis points and that’s what we’re all about.
David Rowland: Yes, so let me just start off with on the inorganic piece. I think last quarter I said that it would be around 1%, 1.5% for the year. And quarter one was clearly in that zone, which means the simple extrapolation is that most of our growth was organically driven. And so when you look at the 10% in the context of what I just said, it’s another indicator of the health of our business.  Ashwin on the FX we go through a process and it’s been a process we’ve done for as long as I can remember which is probably back to the first quarter of being a public company. We do a process where we look at the rates on a daily basis in the two to three weeks leading up to the earnings call and we look at what the trends are in the most recent two to three weeks. I mean there is -- it’s really more -- it’s objectively driven. We don’t try to speculate on what rates might do going forward. And if you look at the objective analytics based on the distribution of our currencies and we have the rates have trended then you come up with a solid 5%. And I just say it’s a solid 5%.
David Rowland: Again, we are managing our business to drive sustainable margin expansion in the 20 to 30 basis point range. And as part of that, critically important as we’re committed to investing in our business which includes investing in our people, we balance those things in the context of our results to deliver as predictably as we can in that 10 to 30 basis point range and we landed at 20. And so that’s it.
David Rowland: Thanks for the question and I guess maybe opportunity to reiterate something that I’ve said in the script because it’s an important point to understand. So you are aware that starting a few quarters ago that we with our headcount reporting we now have billable headcount as a line item. We have aligned the billable headcount with the utilization metric more directly. And as a result of that, so what does that mean? That means that we’ve now included people in the utilization metric that are typically people who are working on outsourcing contracts that previously were excluded. So they’re now included in that metric which the change increased our utilization to 91%, 3%. Absent that change, the utilization effectively did not change at all. So the utilization is really just -- we redefined how we report utilization to include all billable headcount which I think is going to be easier for certainly for us and for the outside world going forward.
David Rowland: I think and by the way I appreciate these questions because I know what you’re trying to do in connecting the dots. I mean what I would say is that I am not going to comment specifically on gross margin guidance, because we really got to operating margin. But what I’ll say is that if you look at contract profitability as a factor, we are forever focused on improving our contract profitability over time. And that will be an objective for the remainder of this year just as it hits an objective every year. And so we’re always focused in challenging our teams to improve the profitability of the portfolio of contracts that we’re doing in our business. The other thing when you said would be a headwind or would be a drag, again some of these things are investments and we wouldn’t view that as a negative thing if it’s in the context of expanding operating margin. And so I am not suggesting that we just completely ignore, we do look at the functional areas within our GAAP P&L but what we’re really managing to as operating margin and if we’re expanding contract profitability, let’s say investing more or rewarding our people more or whatever the element maybe in gross margin and at the same time expanding operating margin. That’s all by design. We’re not solving to expand gross margin, we’re solving to expand operating margin and fundamentally underneath that we are focused on improving the profitability of the work we do with clients and then we’re also solving for investing more in our business and in the context of those things driving operating margin expansion. If we do that, that’s what’s most important.
David Rowland: We really got away from giving that number because it was one that we found was creating more confusion than it was helpful. So I won’t give a specific number but I’ll just characterize that we have a very good position with our contracted revenues. And they are very well positioned relative to the revenue guidance range; let me put it that way. And again as we have been focused more and more on our annual contract value that certainly gives us better contracted revenue visibility in the fiscal year.
David Rowland: Look, truthfully it was broad based; I think that it wasn’t one thing. It was really better performance across our five operating groups than what we had assumed even what we had assumed when we provided the guidance as we were working to be at the upper end. And I think as Pierre said, digital the level of growth in digital is just extremely strong. We had assumed it would be strong, it’s very strong digital, operations, app services, those are all drivers and we saw elements of that across all five operating groups. And really you could say across all three areas. So it was broad based. 
David Rowland: Let me just work backwards, on resources our Chief Executive of the Resources is still very much focused on driving growth for the year and we’ve made a lot of progress and we should acknowledge that team’s efforts and what they’ve done to position the business going forward. So that continues to be our goal. But yet we have a close eye, very close eye, on energy obviously. What was the other question? On pricing, pricing is stable. We’ve actually been pleased with -- I think I can say we’ve been pleased with the pricing trends in the recent few quarters. I am just going to characterize it as stable with some strength in certain areas of our business. But overall, stable. But obviously in an environment that continues to be very-very competitive.
