KC McClure: Yeah, great. Thanks, Jason. Happy holidays to you, too. So first, let me first start in terms of our guidance. I'll first start with Q1. And as you heard us say, we were really pleased with our Q1 performance. And as you stated, our Q2 guidance is the same as Q1. And maybe a couple of things that I'll point out compared to what we thought 90 days ago, and as Julie mentioned, we do see some differences in EMEA, particularly in the UK, where we're focused on repositioning the business back to growth, and that's going to take some time. But Jason, what is the same is that we are still operating in an environment, which is the same that we described last quarter, where the discretionary spend and the decision making is slow. And so right now, as you expect, and you know that we do this every year, we're talking to our clients right now about their '24 budgets. And so that's all, again, to be expected. When we look forward into H2, to start with just what the math is, we continue to see higher growth in the back half of the year. That's going to start with higher growth in Q3. And our confidence in our H2 increased growth is really based on a few things. Again, reiterating what we talked about at the beginning of the year versus our results in Q1, so we're confident, again, that we were able to deliver across the board as we expected in the first quarter. And also then, as Julie mentioned quite a bit, we made a lot of investments in our business in the quarter, and that's helping us pivot to higher growth areas. In addition to that, as we talked about last quarter, the same remains, we do have our revenue positioned in the back half of our year from these larger transformation deals. So that has not changed. We continue to see that. And then, we just need to continue to layer in our new sales as we get closer to the back half of the year. So, we're really very pleased to reiterate the 2% to 5% revenue guidance that we had at the beginning of the year.
KC McClure: Yeah. So, Jason, I know I've been giving color and basically kind of guiding to future quarter bookings, but as you know really well covering up for so long, bookings can really be lumpy. So, I'm not going to give that color anymore, go forward. What I would say is the best way to think about demand for our business is the revenue guide that we give. And we gave revenue guidance for the second quarter as well as our 2% to 5% for the full year. And obviously, we'll continue to do that. And I'll just put in that we do feel good about our pipeline. We have a very solid pipeline.
KC McClure: Yeah. So maybe just a couple of things on that. So I think, conversion can be really mainly impacted by the mix, right? So, the mix of deals that we have. So, let's just start with, overall, we haven't seen any change in the conversion based on the mix of work. So, strategy and consulting which converts faster than with operations. There's been no change within those different parts of our business, no change in the conversion. What we have talked about, and we've been consistent, that there's really been -- there's no change over the last 90 days in our discretionary spend environment, and that is consistent with our expectations. So -- and we haven't been reliant, and we're not reliant on a change in that macro to get to our full-year guidance. So, what does that mean? Hopefully you guys can hear me. The lower -- a little trouble in the line. Okay. Is that there -- as we have lower discretionary spend, that does impact the conversion, Tien-Tsin, as you know, but we have factored that all into our guidance.
KC McClure: Yeah. I'm going to maybe give a little bit of color and then I'll certainly hand it over to Julie. Just more from a financial perspective, I think -- and as you know this really well, but our competitive advantage really is our investment capacity that allows us to pivot to higher areas of growth. And we can do that and invest through every cycle, and you've seen us do that. And I really think that is clearly a differentiator for us. You see that with our strong start this quarter. Julie talked about the 12 acquisitions, $800 million of spend, and we have five more that we've announced for Q2. All of that, and we're reconfirming op margin expansion of 10 basis points to 30 basis points. I think it's important to see that in terms of our strategy, we're continuing to do this to really fuel organic growth. And lastly, I think one of the parts that really distinguishes us is our capital allocation framework, which is durable yet flexible. So, we're able to flex up and do inorganic to the degree that we see that we'd like to, while at the same time, continuing to increase our return to our shareholders. So, I think it's really, really great.
KC McClure: And then, I'll just add, Tien-Tsin, that you heard me mention in guidance, that we are going to do now more than 2% in organic contribution for this year.
KC McClure: Yeah. Maybe just in terms of the quarter performance, operations came in as expected. As we talked about at the beginning of the year, Ashwin, we do have some impacts in CMT that impact operations, and so we'll see that growth may fluctuate as we go throughout the year. As part, though, of our overall guidance for the full year of managed services continuing to be mid-single to high-single-digit growth for the year.
KC McClure: Yeah. Just in terms of, Bryan, on the overall growth, there's no change from what we said at the beginning of the year in terms of our full-year outlook for consulting type of work. We see low-single-digit positive growth for the full year. That's in our 2% to 5%. And Q1 came in as we expected, which was negative 2%.
KC McClure: Yeah. So, we're saying more than 2% for the full year, and it can fluctuate by quarter, so we really just stick to our guidance for the overall year.
KC McClure: Yeah. Hey, Dave. Thanks for the question. So, as you know, we run our business to operating margin, which we did 20 basis point expansion this quarter. And I will mention that if I didn't already, that the 10 basis point to 30 basis point that we have for the year, we might see more variability as we go throughout the quarters. But now back to gross margin, you're right, we did see expansion this quarter, but it's really hard to look at that in isolation. And why is that? Well, there's various things that can go in and out of gross margin in terms of increased or decreased spend. So, for example, one would be acquisitions. There's a lot of -- some of the investment acquisitions, some of that spend will go into gross margin, and that can be lumpy as we go throughout. As you know, it also depends on where people spend their time. So for example, you saw that, yes, we had improvement in gross margin, but then we also had increased sales and marketing costs, which is a result of people spending more time out in the market selling to create the $18.4 billion in sales that we have. So that's why -- again, we look at those components, but really at the end of the day, we always continue to run our business to op margin.
KC McClure: Yeah. So, I think, obviously when you do -- what you're just kind of talking about is a bit of the math. What I would tell is give you the year-over-year way we look at it in terms of our guidance, right? So, we had 1% growth this quarter with strong bookings, right, 1% revenue growth with strong bookings. We see Q2 shaping up the same way year-over-year. And again, just reinforcing that we do see fuel in our sequential growth in the back half of the year based on the transformation deals that we have signed. That's no different than what we talked about at the beginning of the year. We've layered in then the sales that we expect as we go throughout. And that -- there's no difference to how we're doing our range that gets us to the 2% to 5% range. I would say at the top end of our range, again, as we said, last quarter, just when we said guidance, that when -- to get to the top end of our guidance range, you would see S&C reconnecting with growth would be one thing that we'd see. And you would probably also see the mid- to high-single digits that we've been referencing consistently in managed services be more like high-single digits. So hopefully that helps, Dave.
KC McClure: Yeah. Maybe just also, Bryan, just for context, it's about 6% of our overall business, a little bit more than $4 billion that we have in the UK.
KC McClure: Yeah. I don't want to really guide to the quarter because 10 basis points or 20 basis points on a quarter, that's spend, Bryan, as you know. That's kind of big and small in terms of the dollar amount that we're talking about. So, we're going to guide overall to the full year of 10 basis points to 30 basis points for the full year. And I just wanted to point out that we might have some periods where it's just a little bit more variable than what you've seen us do over the years.
KC McClure: Yeah. So, thanks for that, Darrin. So, I'll talk about -- in terms of our people, in terms of number of people we have, first, I'll start with, as you know, managing supply-demand is really our core competency. And you can see that in our ability to manage our utilization at high levels. And I'll just point out that for the last 13 quarters, our utilization has been 91% or higher. And so, we hire for the skills that we need and we hire where we need them. And what you're pointing out is that we had about a 1% increase year-over-year in our headcount, as well as about a 1% sequentially. And that's in-line with what we -- how we see revenue going for the rest of the year. So there's really no change there. And as it relates to the revenue per head and the non-linearity, I mean, we do have automation. We do have value-based projects. So, while there still is a, obviously, connection to the amount of people that we have, we have been able to break that. There are parts where we are able to not fully disconnect, but not completely rely on headcount to drive revenue.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, perfect. Yeah, I just want to follow up to Jason's question just with the bookings, which is better than expected, and your large deal backlog is quite large now. Just the visibility on the timeliness of those conversions? Have you seen any signs of pushout or delays or that kind of thing? Just trying to understand the conversion potential.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Understood, KC. Thanks for that. And just my quick follow-up. I know you've been really busy with acquisitions, and Julie, you listed a bunch of them. Is there a change here in the rhythm of acquisitions or your appetite? It sounds like the revenue contribution is up a nudge, but -- up a little bit. But you tell me. I didn't know if there was a change in your thinking here on the deal. Thanks.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yeah. No, I'm sure you'll amplify the growth of what you buy. Just wanted to check on that. That's helpful. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Great. Yeah. And there's no change in the strategies in the sense of we're still trying to -- we're still investing to either scale in hot areas or add new types of skills. So, you see that we're executing in capital projects like we described, right? In August, we did the -- yeah, in August, we did the Anser Advisory. We just added Canada. And then, of course, adding the niche skills in consulting and whether it's industry or functional. So, no change in strategy. But I would reiterate that it is really a huge competitive advantage for us that we can invest across the cycles. You saw that we did that in the first year after the pandemic, where we significantly increased, and again, always to drive organic growth and position ourselves for those next waves. So, you're going to see the AI acquisitions. You saw health in the UK, another great area of growth, capital projects. So, think about our strengths here is how we accelerate pivoting to growth.
Julie Sweet: Great. And happy holidays to you, too. Great question. So first, with respect to -- on your first point around what's happening in the market on client budgets is what I would say is that we're having lots of discussions that are pretty similar to what we've been talking about, which is, how do you prioritize in a more cautionary environment? So, we'll really know how that will play out in January as always because this is when we -- they finalize. But what I'd say is it's a consistent thing I've been talking about, which is in a cautionary environment, in a tough macro, we're helping clients prioritize. And they're in the things that we talked about in the script again today, things like building the digital core. It's using the technology to drive both growth and cost. And I would just say on the macro side, right, is that, our clients, we recognize you cannot cut yourself to growth. And if you think about the examples that I used in today's script, most of them were both cost and growth, right? Because that is what our clients are focused on, is how are they going to grow revenue despite whatever the environment is. And that, of course, is our unique capabilities to be able to do both. And then, with respect to GenAI, so first of all, I just want to say $450 million in sales this quarter, we're very pleased with. I mean, it demonstrates we are leading here. All of last year, it was $300 million. And to your point, the conversations are changing. You have examples like BBVA, which we talked about earlier in my script, where we're starting to use it at scale. Our clients want to get out of proofs of concept to material value, and we're super well positioned. Why? GenAI is not plug and play. It is not just technology. In fact, it's closer to any other technology. Think about cloud, that's farther away from the heart of the business. In order to scale, you have to deeply understand the technology, which is still rapidly changing, and the business value. And this is Accenture's leadership position, right? We have strategy. We have consulting, deep industry and functional expertise. We're the biggest partner with every major player. We're working with them at a product level and we can bring those two things together. So, think of 2024 as being the shift for our clients from experimentation to scale, and we believe we're at the best position to lead that shift to value.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. And in fact, I would say, it's the opposite. Operations, which was impacted, by the way, by CMT, for example, look, it's going to build similar to the way Accenture is going to build over the course of the year. Actually, the sweet spot of operations is that it does both cost and growth. So, the BBVA example includes operations, Fortrea includes operations. So, these are -- our managed services are highly strategic because they are typically able to do both. Think about IT transformation. Our managed services are as much about modernizing. So, in IT, modernized tech is what drives growth. So, we really see our strength being that our managed services are strategic. And one of the reasons is that we do them in the context of understanding the industry and the function. So, we're not back office. We're bringing that strategy and consulting expertise to make sure that it isn't just a cost play. And that's an important differentiator for us.
Julie Sweet: Right. Because we gave you guidance, so it's down definitely more than 2%. And remember, we only do deals that we think are good deals. So, what we see right now is a lot of good deals that is going to get us to above 2%. And if that -- we have a lot of financial flexibility, so if that changes, we'll update if it gets above 3%.
Julie Sweet: In the UK, as you said it, it has been kind of challenge for a couple of years, and we have a big banking capital markets business there, and we're really trying to pivot to more growth there in other areas. That's why you saw the acquisitions that we did, for example, this quarter. And what we're seeing is that it's just taking longer than we anticipated to really move into the other areas. And banking capital markets, which we've talked about, has been more challenged, particularly in the UK. And so, it's really about how long it's taking us to pivot. And we think it's going to take some time. So, I'm not going to call exactly when, but we do think it's going to take some time, and it's taking more time than we anticipated going into the fiscal year. So, we've got a good team. We're on it. And again, this is where you're going to see us do more acquisitions to diversify our business there as we reposition that.
Julie Sweet: And Darrin, in terms of just demand, right, so I'd kind of anchor to, first of all, we're seeing demand for transformational deals. So, in an environment like this, the thing that I look at most is, are we continuing to have our clients do more than $100 million of bookings, right, which is in our industry, we are a real standout here. And what does that mean? That means that we continue to be at the heart of where clients are spending to do material transformations. That's where you want to be so that you're positioned when inevitably discretionary spending, the pace goes back up, the macro changes, you want to be at the heart. So, at times like this, that's what I'm really looking at. And that's where you're seeing -- I will tell you, this is one of the most exciting times in the market. Like you just take what we are announcing today on McDonald's. I talked about in the script, right? Incredible company, technology driven. We've been their long-time partner. Just expanded the partnership to take it all the way to the edge and reinvent their restaurants and their crew experience. This is going to be really cutting work at the edge, because that's where we're starting to see the leaders in cloud go, and we're leading there. Those are the kinds of things that then you see how they're going to expand. There's so much opportunity still in these big areas of cloud, of data, and AI. But cloud itself, yes, we've done a lot of migration. There's still more migration to go, but even more importantly, you've got to take it all the way to the edge. So, from a demand perspective, we continue to see the transformations that move the needle for cost and growth, and that's what we're expecting. From a mix perspective, we're not seeing a big change between managed services and consulting. The mix we're seeing is that in this environment, you're seeing less of the smaller deals, which convert to revenue faster, and more on the larger deals. And that's been around for a while, and that's what you're going to continue to see. And we are laser-focused on making sure we are winning in the reinvention, the transformation, and at the same time massively pivoting to GenAI, right? And our clients have so much work to do to be able to use GenAI, but you can see the momentum in our business, right, from that change from $300 million of all of last year to $450 million in a quarter. And I'll just remind you, that's not the pull-through. That's not data. We are very pure because we really want to be sharing with all of you where is GenAI in the market. So, we're pretty excited about where we are today and what's ahead.
Julie Sweet: Well, we have a good -- a really strong strategy in consulting business. And so, we're very positive about that business growing. But beyond that, I think, Darrin, we're not going to start to predict growth rates. But in the meantime, it is a huge differentiator. Nobody has that combination that we have, and that is what is driving the resilience of our business to be at the core of our clients' agenda. Thanks so much, Darrin.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't call out -- I wouldn't say that this activity is because of better valuations, right? At any given time when we look at the market, right, and we see where are the growth opportunities, we want to move quickly and we look at organic versus inorganic ways of moving quickly. We never do anything purely inorganic, right, or purely organic. And so, think about our acquisitions as being matched to what is the opportunity in the market and what's the best way to capture that growth quickly, right? And so, the strategy of categories is the same, right? So, there are new areas that we want to go into, like capital markets. That's an investment decision. We go into a certain number of those. We're executing now with rigor. We went and bought Anser Advisory. Now we bought the next one in Canada, right? So that's just about -- it's a great growth area and we're trying to pivot. And the best way to do that to build something that we don't have already organically is to make some inorganic acquisitions and then that becomes organic growth and we're able to kick in our recruiting machine. If you think about the UK, health is a great area. We just bought a health company, right? So, you look at the market and you say, "If I want to diversify, what's the fastest way to diversify into new areas?" And that's where often inorganic can help us do that through these niche acquisitions and consulting and industry. And then, you've got just massive opportunities like cloud and security, where you saw some of those acquisitions in supply chain. And that's all about both adding phenomenal talent quickly and scaling to go after a market that's today, right? So, that's how we think about it. It's extremely rigorous. We always have a decision what's the best way to get there organically or inorganically. And inorganic is always about acceleration and driving organic growth. So, it's very consistent. We've been doing it in a very disciplined way. And in these kinds of environments, we believe the companies that invest win. And that is why we do actions like we did last year to increase our business resilience and enable us to be really well positioned to invest when others are not.
Julie Sweet: Right now we're seeing a lot of reprioritization, right, because -- I mean, obviously the market is growing. Like, we're growing. The market is growing. So, spending in technology is increasing. It's not increasing as fast as it was increasing a couple of years ago, right? So, spending on technology is increasing. But within that, you're seeing more prioritization. And our research, everybody's research is saying, hey, more spending on AI. For lots of companies, it's also more spending mostly on building that digital core, because many companies don't have the data estates in order -- they're not in the cloud. They don't have the data in order to use the GenAI. So, think of it as a real focus on building a digital core to enable as well. So, market is still growing. It's more about prioritization of where that spending is going. Okay. Great. Thank you so much. So, in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support in all of our people for what you do every single day. And I wish everyone a happy and a healthy holiday season. Thank you for joining today.
