Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone for joining us. I am pleased to tell you about our excellent results for the first quarter, which demonstrate that we continued to execute very well against our growth strategy. Here are a few highlights. We delivered strong new bookings of $7.8 billion. We grew revenues 14% in local currency, to $7.1 billion, with all 5 operating groups and all 3 geographic regions delivering double-digit growth. Earnings per share grew 19%, to a record $0.96. Operating income was $981 million, our highest ever, with strong operating margin of 13.9%. We continued to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.1 billion. And we continued to return cash to shareholders, through share repurchases and the payment of a semiannual cash dividend of $0.675 per share, which was a 50% increase over our prior dividend, as you can see, we did very well in Q1 and we are particularly pleased that our growth was broad-based across all dimensions of our business. Now let me hand over to Pam who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Now I would like to talk about how we are leveraging marketplace opportunity to drive growth, particularly in the context of the current economic environment. Of course, there continues to be volatility in the global economy, largely due to uncertainty around Europe's sovereign debt challenges. We're carefully watching the actions that governments in Europe are taking to stabilize markets, restore confidence and create conditions that would support our return to economic growth. While Europe works on these issues, other parts of the world are exhibiting positive economic growth, especially our priority emerging markets. Moving forward, we will continue to monitor the macroeconomic environment very closely and the implications for our business. In this context, we are executing a growth strategy that resonates with the needs of our clients. We have a relentless focus on industry and technology differentiation and accelerated geographic expansion. Our clients continue to invest in transformation and realize that they must address major structural issues resulting from the long-term trends we previously identified -- globalization, regulation, operational efficiency -- to which we can also add consumerization. This is driving demand for our services. Let me give a few examples of the work we are doing for some of our largest clients, at the very core of their businesses. For one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, Accenture is the partner of choice on many projects, including a Nike infrastructure rationalization program across more than 30 countries. We are helping one of the world's leading mining companies develop and upgrade its core ERP system. The program is designed to significantly improve and standardize processes to drive business value across the entire organization. And just this week, we announced an agreement with a leading U.S. property and casualty insurer to provide claims management support on a Software as a Service basis to be delivered from the Cloud. Accenture's claim management services will enable carriers to have valuable capacity and better align costs with the volume of claims activity. In terms of industry and technology differentiation, we continue to invest in our priority industries. In the communications industry, through Accenture network services, we are helping our clients manage the rapid growth in mobile and broadband data traffic while improving customer service and operating efficiency. Another example is that we are helping clients across the utilities, energy, chemicals and natural resources industries accelerate enterprise-wide business value through Accenture Advanced Enterprise Services, which links industry-leading processes to a preconfigured ERP solution, leveraging leading technology platforms. Geographic expansion remains key to the execution of our growth strategy. I'm particularly pleased with the progress we are making in our 10 priority emerging markets, which, in Q1, grew at a significantly faster rate than the rest of Accenture. And just as important as our growth in these markets, is the quality of the relationships we have with our clients there. In addition to helping global clients expand into emerging markets, we have developed major client relationships with leading companies in these markets, several of which are already our Diamond Clients. To further support our growth strategy, we continue to invest in our brand, which is among the top 50 in the world. Last month, we launched a new global brand campaign, featuring clients, and now we are helping them create significant and tangible business value. This new campaign is bringing our high-performance delivered brand positioning to the next level. And of course, we continue to manage our company with rigor and discipline to drive profitable growth. With that, I will turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for the second quarter and the full year.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, when we are talking about cost take out for [ph] you would have in mind to work at the shedded with the Outsourcing and that kind of work. But when you're talking about cost take out, you have a large varieties of activities. We are doing -- from a nemesis standpoint and especially, I'm think about all of the work we're doing in Technology Consulting, with all the technology rationalization, if you will, I'm thinking about all the work we could do in Management Consulting, in terms of driving more operating model efficiency. And I'm thinking, of course, about all the new technologies, if you will, and innovation we're putting in the market, which are contributing to cost take out improvement, and I'm thinking about some cloud-based services we are providing to clients through different business models. We are contributing to cost take out, so it's not only one part of our business, but it's a full range of our services we can bring to bear.
Pierre Nanterme: I think to get started with that, I mean, we are very pleased with what have been our bookings in Q1, in terms of consulting and we're coming very strong. And again, I think at the end of the day, it all depends on your positioning and what you do with clients. And as you know, positioning has always been to be much more on the kind of CEO corporate agenda, driving work around, what we are calling transformations, i.e. program which are critical for the company to drive for better performance. And I think this is what we continue to focus on and with the right mix of work from the Consulting and the Outsourcing. So, so far, we do not see a significant shift in the buying pattern of our clients.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, of course, Europe is always a little bit unpredictable, so probably that's why you've been taken by surprise. But there are probably more fundamental reasons that, indeed, as you know, we're working with large companies. So at the same time we, of course, watching carefully, we are watching carefully what's happening in Europe, from a macroeconomic standpoint. But we are putting the same attention to what's happening with our clients. And many, if not all, of our clients operating in Europe, are operating on a global basis. So they are not totally dependent, if you will, on the economic environment in Europe, per se. And we have many projects and programs we are delivering around the world which are, indeed, located in Europe and which is reflected in this 10% growth.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I think it is indeed coming across the patch. And I think it just reflects -- I mean, first, the nature of the client demand, in terms of cost take out, and I think what we are providing both from an Application Outsourcing, or BPO standpoint, is extremely relevant in our response to the client's need. And second is the positioning we have taken in both BPO and AO, where we continue to drive a lot of innovation, compared to the competition. I think in BPO, we have now extremely good solution, we're calling fourth or fifth generation BPO, where we are bringing more value in the BPO services, to avoid commoditization. And as well, if you would think about the Applications Outsourcing, we are much more service level based, business case-driven, so I think, as well, what we are proposing is more relevant for our clients.
Pierre Nanterme: When we look at it and, as you can imagine, we are looking at this extraordinarily carefully around one of the velocity, speed to decision, and so forth. And as we speak, and what you're looking in Q1, we've not seen a significant change in clients' behavior.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, definitely, this is a trend which is as well touching Europe. I mean, this offshore adoption, if you will, already being very vibrant if you take the U.K. with the Nordic countries. So the question has always been, what's going to be the level of penetration in more the Latin countries. And we're starting to see more adoption of offshore, or near-shore as well. And as you know, we have a number of delivery centers, some are more near-shore, others are more offshore. So we -- the possibility to leverage across our offshore centers, such as India, but as well, we can work from Romania, even from Morocco or other places. So we have a full range of possibilities when it comes to offshore so we can deal with language, with culture, as well as with time zone. But clearly, we see a higher rate of adoption from an offshore standpoint.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, thank you, Ashwin, for the question and I think this is a driver for our growth. As we can see, this vendor consolidation moving forward for very good reasons from our clients. If you want on firsthand, to rationalize your IT cost and second, drive more transformational program, you need to rely -- you can lower number of providers which are able to support you on a much more global basis. So all this, especially when you're working for large companies, large and global companies like Accenture. So this one, the consolidation is still moving forward and it's still a driver for our growth and a way for us to increase the share of wallet in our existing clients.
Pierre Nanterme: We're not giving the information to that level of detail, but I can just mention 2 things. First, I'm very pleased with the progress we are making with our priority emerging markets. Again, we've been extraordinarily focused on growing in that part of the world and putting our act together. And second, as I mentioned before, we've been growing in those markets at a significantly higher rate than the rest of Accenture.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, of course, you would need to face local competition, but it's not different from what we are facing in most of the markets. At the end of the day, the market is split between the large and global companies, like us; the local providers; and what we are calling more, the Indian players, as well which are providing different kind of services. So what we are facing in those markets is the same competition we used to face in the other markets so I think we are extremely well-prepared to compete in those markets.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, good question indeed. I think we know we are entering fiscal '12 with the position of strength, this is what we mentioned last quarter. We were very pleased with our Q1. We are remaining extremely close to our clients and what we see, as we speak, is indeed the kind of services we are providing are extremely relevant to respond the needs of our clients. Now, on the other hand, we are very thoughtful and we're watching carefully what's happening in the marketplace and especially in the macroeconomic environment and especially, in the Eurozone. And this is what we're providing in our guidance and in our direction, is I think exactly the right balance between the confidence in our self and the services we are providing, and just being aware of what's happening outside.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I will start and Pam will give more color on this as well. But, again, we want to be thoughtful and balanced in our judgment. So again, we have a strong start and we are very pleased with where we are. We have strong bookings which is giving us some visibility. However, we know that there are remaining uncertainty and volatility in the market place. And when we are putting all of this together and we need to apply our judgment, then we believe that the guidance we are giving, from 7% to 10%, is the right one, given where we are, and what we know and where we are starting from. But Pam, you can further comment.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, thank you. As you know, Financial Services is very close to my heart. So I'm going to work with the currently leadership to make sure that we show a good game. Thanks, again for joining us today. We are very pleased with our excellent results in the first quarter and we remain confident in our ability to drive profitable growth. We continue to invest to differentiate Accenture in the marketplace and to ensure that our strategy and capabilities are closely aligned with our clients' long-term competitive needs. In closing, I would like to thank each and every one of our dedicated men and women around the world for their commitment to Accenture and to our clients. I would also like to thank our investors for your continued support. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC to make arrangements for follow-up. I wish you a happy holiday season and all the best for a happy new year.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, there's plenty of cost-cutting work and I would suggest that much of it is indeed transformational, given that there's a lot of structural costs to be addressed as well. But let me let Pierre give some color, too.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, our business runners don't see it, but I just thought that it was a good idea to just put a little in there and so I just put a little in there on the bottom. So just in case that start up on a few things is delayed a bit.
Pamela J. Craig: Just to add a little more specific industry color there, Rod. I commented that we did see some consulting off a little bit in Financial services, in banking, capital markets. But we also see a lot of opportunity in more imperative-based projects in Financial Services. So it is interesting how that's shifting. And the only other industry where we maybe see that a little bit is Chemicals.
Pamela J. Craig: At this point, we don't see a significant change in client behavior. We see that budgets may not go up very much, but we also don't hear about them going down. What we talked about before, and Tien-Tsin's question on cost optimization really is paramount, and really that plays our strengths, in terms of getting to real outcomes on business cases there.
Pamela J. Craig: The way we see it today, Rod, is that we do expect the Consulting growth rate to continue to moderate somewhat and we expect the Outsourcing growth rate to be double-digit.
Pamela J. Craig: Contracted revenue? Contracted, I thought you meant like going down. Yes, the revenue that we have under contract. Yes, which we call our visibility and, basically, as we sit here today versus last year, we have 13% more under contract than we did last year.
Pamela J. Craig: We are expecting to continue everywhere. I mean, we do have hiring down a little bit, but that's in part due to the improved attrition, or largely due to the improved attrition. And we do have some people joining us from some acquisitions. So it's all in the mix.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, first of all, Bryan, welcome back, it's great to have you back, and I'll let Pierre take the question, since it's Europe.
Pamela J. Craig: And just the way our Global Delivery Network has really gotten so strong, in terms of our ability to deliver more and more of these services, as I mentioned in my comments.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, we are not seeing any sort of blips in the way clients are stopping or starting projects, right? We are just not seeing anything in that. But as I mentioned, we did allow for little bit, just in terms of how the revenue kicks in after the start of the calendar year, just in case something like that does happen.
Pamela J. Craig: I'll start and then let Pierre go then, but we are really, really focused on the 3 positioning, as we've been telling you for several quarters now. And I think, what is paying off for us is focus. And we are really helping or working with the governments around the world, on helping them get more efficient, right? Helping them get much more efficient, in terms of the services they're providing to the citizens. And we've really narrowed it down to a few offerings and it is starting. I mean, we're still doing it, right? So we're not done. But we're really pleased with the progress of how this is going.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, there's -- just as I mentioned before with operating margin, there is a lot that goes into that. Generally, contract profitability is the major driver and then there is a few other puts and takes that go into that every quarter. We did have, just in terms of this quarter versus last year, we had -- last year, you may have seen we took a benefit from bad debts. This year, we did not have that. So there's just lots of things that go into that and there's nothing notable in those 2 operating groups.
Pamela J. Craig: I'm not sure I have your sequential 1%. I mean, there is always -- you know, the quarters are different just in terms of -- half of the seasonality of our business, so sequential, generally, doesn't make sense. And so I'm not sure there's anything too much you can draw from that.
Pamela J. Craig: Not really beyond what we've provided in the comments. The bookings were strong and, in generally, we see clients' budgets continuing to shape up for next year, as we expected. So there's nothing really major to point out there.
Pamela J. Craig: Okay, great. Keith, well, I mean, I'm going to stick to the story and that we manage the business to operating margin. I mentioned to you that payroll was up a little bit in gross margin, but it was down a little in sales and marketing. And as I mentioned, most of our people, to the degree when they're not charging contracts, spread their time between those 2 lines, in terms of the activities that they do. So I think that you just, again, we manage the business to operating margin and I think we were -- the contract profitability was good. We had compensation increases that went in on September 1. We're absorbing those well. So there really isn't too much to add there right now.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I mean, again, we manage the business to operating margin, there's a lot of puts and takes, there's contracts that are beginning contracts, contracts that are ending, I mean, there's just so much that's going on in a given quarter. So, as you know, we did give annual, an annual outlook for 10 to 20 basis points expansion in operating margin and that's what we're working to do.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, we didn't have any giants like that and, otherwise, probably won't comment any further. But there weren't any, like, up close to $1 billion. And also wanted to say I'm still sticking to the 10 to 30 basis points. It was pointed out to me that I said, 10 to 20 basis points, and it is 10 to 30 basis points.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, well, first of all, we're not going to be changing anything we do. What we do, do is, we do hedge certain balance sheet risks where we need to. But what was reflected in the cash balance is reflected in the cash we need around the world to run the businesses in those countries. And it sometimes goes one way and sometimes, it goes another. And that's just the way it goes. We also are going to continue to hedge part of the work in our GDN where we have revenues and costs in different currencies and we're going to continue with that practice, we are very pleased with how that's going.
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think it's too hot, right? I mean it's maybe on the border of getting too hot. So we don't believe it's too hot, we like -- the mid-80s is where we look for it to be and it's really been tracking in that area. And I think we're doing an excellent job of supply and demand balancing right now.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I mean, movements of the rupee really only have a modest impact on our margins because even though we have a large headcount in India, it's really not proportional to our total cost, and we do offset them partially by hedging. So, I mean, so the whole intent is to really try to minimize that impact on our overall global results.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I'll probably just sort of repeat what you said. But I think similar to last quarter, I mean, we look at this very seriously, we look at puts and takes. And so Q1 was even stronger than we expected. Q2, we have factored in some prudence, in case there are some slight level of calendar year delays. And then as you look past Q2, we recognize that GDP forecast, globally, has maybe inched down a little bit, right? When you think about places like the Eurozone, the U.K. and Japan. And as I mentioned, we do have some work to do to replenish the pipeline. So we're just trying to take all that into account and be thoughtful and prudent about how we see it.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I think coming off of 2 strong quarters of bookings, right? Then there's replenishment work to do, that's just a given. And then, as I mentioned, we also see some shifting from Consulting to Outsourcing for how we originally did our plan this year, so that's what we're focused on.
Pamela J. Craig: We did not see it in the U.S. and I believe this is the first quarter. I don't think last quarter had a year-over-year consulting decline then. We can confirm that with you, but I don't believe it did, if memory serves me.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, first of all, I think Financial Services has exhibited very strong profitability in the past. So they're probably a little bit more in the pack now. And I think that, as you mentioned, operating groups go through different cycles, right? In terms of their business and big step starting up and that sort of thing. And I think, we have, as I mentioned in the comments, right, we just have lower contract profitability right now. And they're focusing on business development and we also had some acquisitions that we're integrating and had some costs related to those.
