Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Overall, our third quarter results were solid. Although, revenues came in below our expectations driven by consulting. We, again, delivered solid bookings, very good profitability and we generated very strong free cash flow. Here is some detail on the quarter. Revenues were $7.2 billion, up 3% in local currency. While outsourcing growth was 7%, consulting growth was flat, resulting in total revenues slightly below our guided range. We delivered solid new bookings of $8.3 billion, bringing us to nearly $25 billion for the first 3 quarters of the year. Earnings per share were $1.21, including a benefit of $0.07 from a reduction in reorganization liabilities. Excluding this benefit, earnings per share were $1.14, an increase of 11%. Excluding the reorganization benefit, we delivered record operating income and operating margin, with operating margin expansion of approximately 40 basis points. We generated $1.4 billion in free cash flow and continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.9 billion. And we returned approximately $1.2 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semi-annual cash dividend. We have updated our business outlook for the full fiscal year and David will cover it later in the call. Now let me hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers for Q3 in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, indeed, it definitely didn't improve the way we expected, and we see more softness in that part of the business in consulting, smaller deals. So we expected some improvement, and that, indeed, didn't materialize the way we expected.
Pierre Nanterme: I would probably say didn't improve, and in that particular segment of the business, it has been probably softening a bit.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I will take that one. Thanks a lot, Julio. I mean, the competition I would characterize as pretty stable across the patch. I mean, as you know, we're competing against the same range of competitors. Now, it is true that in some parts of the world, and I'm thinking about, again, consulting Europe, Brazil, as it has been mentioned before, resources and more natural resources, when the market is softening a bit, then the level of competition is naturally increasing and putting more pressure on pricing and on competition there. But I would characterize that piece as quite concentrated on a few areas of the business, the one I just mentioned before, specifically those 3. For the rest of the business, I believe that the competition is pretty stable. I would not noticed anything specific in that quarter.
Pierre Nanterme: I would probably take a little bit of both. I mean, the -- I mean, definitely, the overall environment has not been progressing probably the way we all expected, including our clients, when you look at our Q3. The situation in Europe is not even slightly better. It's probably slightly worse. Even if we do not have a Greece event, if you will, the environment is moving from an economic standpoint to recession. And so the mood with our clients over there is still to be thoughtful and to be very mindful about the way they invest. And when clients are thoughtful and mindful, they tend to wait a little bit more and to think further on when and how much they're going to invest. It's particularly true when it's about smaller projects, as we mentioned, but indeed, this is what I would characterize as the softness, particularly true in Europe and in Europe, in South Europe, to be even more specific. And it's definitely true that -- to be honest, not something we anticipated at that level in Brazil, situation has changed recently. And clearly, we have good discussions with clients over there, but we see more discussion and the clients postponing or delaying their decisions. So that's the kind of environment, again, I would characterize, especially in Brazil, Southern Europe and the natural resources, given the cyclical nature of that business, especially the mining business.
Pierre Nanterme: I think first -- and thanks a lot for the question, Keith. I think consulting, it's all about launching projects, programs, if you will. So it's slightly different from the mindset on outsourcing, which most of the time is more driven through cost optimization. Consulting is more about building for the future, if you will, for clients. And building for the future is requiring confidence, confidence in the economic outlook, confidence in the business. And, again, there are parts of the world where that confidence is not at the level we expected. And so what we can guess is, indeed, the economic condition in Europe would progress. If the situation in Brazil as well is moving to a more positive outcome, then confidence will be rebuilt with our clients and investors and we might see more consulting pickup. But that is probably what that is. The level of confidence is not at the level we expected. And there is an eroding economic conditions in some parts of the world.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. In the current context -- well, yes, it's not new. I mean, that's a strategy we discussed with all of you during the IA day. And recently, we will use acquisition as a way for us to invest in fast-growing areas. And to execute our growth strategy, and this is exactly what we do, indeed, we set as an objective to deploy something like 15% of our free cash flow in acquisition, and this is what we are doing. I think we are doing that this year in a very efficient way around our clear strategic initiatives, clear priorities in term of industry, clear priorities in term of technologies. I mentioned the Digital Marketing as a fast-growing area is where we have been deploying our capital into acquisitions. And we will continue to do so to make sure that through acquisition, we are capturing new waves of growth. And we're pleased with -- and I'm particularly pleased with what we've been doing this year in that front. And this is what we see. You remember the acquisition we made, I think, a year ago or 18 months ago to build Accenture mortgage services on back of the acquisition of avVenta. And we're very pleased, for instance, with the return we're getting from that acquisition. But it's true across the board.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Ed, for the question. And, indeed, very pleased you're asking the question. I'm a big fan of our BPO business. I'm very pleased with our results. That's an area where we've been very specific about the strategy we want to execute, which is all around being extraordinarily focused. And you mentioned finance and accounting as one of this area, I could mention as well procurement and administration, where we are taking some leading position and we are shooting for scale, with good results, I mentioned one in my presentation today. We are as well investing in more [indiscernible]. I mentioned Accenture Credit Services, where we're providing mortgage processing capabilities, regulatory disclosure with life sciences. And, indeed, again, in addition to the add-scale horizontal we've developed, we are executing exactly the same strategy in some priority industries with vertical, insurance, banking, life sciences, I could mention as well health. I am not surprised that you've seen that these 4 industries posting good growth. And finally, BPO is a business where we always aim at differentiating ourselves, adding more capabilities and more insights in what we do, especially around bringing Analytics across the board to make our BPO more relevant and cutting-edge.
Pierre Nanterme: We're very pleased with where we are. And, indeed, it's an area of high growth for us. So what we would put in this SMAC, for us that would be Digital Marketing, Analytics, Mobility, Cloud. Clearly, our areas where we have something I would characterize as very strong growth.
Pierre Nanterme: It's pretty much across the board. Now you have some industries that are more early adopters. And especially the consumer-based industries are more Analytics, Mobile, SMAC-driven, if you will. So communication, banking, insurance, consumer packaged goods, retail, this is where they are investing in the SMAC world.
Pierre Nanterme: I love the U.S. I love that market, and I love the U.S. for Accenture for many reasons. First, it's a very large market for Accenture, as you know. Second, it's a market where we, again, posted double-digit growth this quarter and probably for some very good reason. I mean, first, the overall economic environment in the U.S. is better than in the rest of the world. That's a fact. Second is, U.S. companies are more than any other companies in the world early adopters of new technologies. So when you look at this famous SMAC, the early adopters -- the creators of this SMAC are in the U.S. And the early adopters of these new technologies are more in the U.S. So this is what's making the U.S. today a more vibrant practice for Accenture.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay. Thank you, Katy, and thanks, all, of you for joining us today. In closing, let me share with you a couple of thoughts. Needless to say, we are operating in a fast-changing environment, where disruptive technologies and new business models are accelerating meaningful [ph] clients to transform their businesses. And this is driving demand for our services. Yet, we've been challenged in few concentrated areas, such as consulting in Europe, Brazil and resources. But we are running Accenture as a portfolio of business. And as I look at the year-to-date, there are many key areas where we are performing extremely well, with double-digit growth, including BPO, the United States, China, Mobility, Cloud, Analytics, Insurance, Capital Market, Health and Life Sciences. This is giving me the confidence that we are executing the right strategy, building off a very strong platform, including our Diamond Client relationships, our brand, our industry expertise and our global delivery capabilities, as well as our unique position in the technology ecosystem. The Accenture leadership team, supported by our 266,000 people, remains fully committed to driving profitable growth and delivering value to our clients and shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best.
David P. Rowland: Tien-Tsin, this is David. I'm going to give you the answer that you're probably expecting, but we really can't comment on pending legislation. What I can say, as you know, is that we have a global workforce. Most of the people who work for us in the United States are U.S. citizens. And where we use the visa program, we use it where we have to get specialized skills not otherwise available and then also leverage our Global Delivery Network. And so, really, that's our position on this, and we really just can't speculate or comment any further on what may or may not happen with legislation.
David P. Rowland: Rod, this is David. And I'm not going to comment in specific terms, as we're really in the middle of planning FY '14, and we'll come back in September and give you more specific insight on your question. What I can tell you is that we feel very good about our outsourcing pipeline. We feel very good about the bookings that we've generated, not only this quarter, but for the last 2 or 3 quarters. We've had a large number -- if you reflect on what Pam said about the number of deals we had over $100 million this quarter and -- as well as what we've said the last 2 quarters, we've had a lot of large, very good contracts that we've closed so far. And we feel very good about the larger contracts that we have in our pipeline. And so on the back of that, we are building a very good base of contracted revenue, and that ultimately gives us confidence going forward in the strength of our outsourcing business. In terms of specifics, relative to growth beyond quarter 4, we're just not in a position to comment on that, specifically.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Just a couple of thoughts to your question. I mean, first of all, and I'll just work backwards, we have not seen any change in cancellations. So cancellations are not evident in anything we've seen to date. There's not any abnormal pattern in that regard. So we really don't have a situation where we're contracting work and then it is being canceled. The other thing I would say is that nothing's changed in our business in terms of our criteria for reporting bookings. It's based on having a signed legally binding agreement with our clients that stipulates our services and what the services and the fees will be that we'll earn over that contract. And so our contracted revenue is solid as it's been as well. Now we have had some -- over the last 2 or 3 quarters at different periods, our new bookings have had the characteristic of longer duration. And that is impacting the conversion of outsourcing bookings to revenue similar to what we have seen in consulting, but yet the contracted revenue that we have, resulting from the bookings that we've had, we feel very good about.
David P. Rowland: Well, part of it is, we have mentioned for several quarters now that we had a large contract in Europe. And that contract throughout this year has impacted our revenue growth in total, but also in outsourcing, and the peak level of impact, if you will, was in the third quarter. So that is reflected in the growth percentage that we're reporting. And, of course, it will continue to have an impact in the fourth quarter as well to a lesser extent, but then over time, that will drop out of our compare and we'll have more of an apples-to-apples comparison.
David P. Rowland: Renewals are reflected in our bookings, but again, there's not anything abnormal about the renewals that we've had in our portfolio relative to outsourcing new bookings we've reported in the past.
David P. Rowland: Yes. In fact, it was not -- that question was not asked last quarter, so your memory is very good. But the contracted revenues that we have, and we give you this number as -- over the next 4 quarters, but we have about 10% growth -- or 10% more contracted revenues over the next 4 quarters.
David P. Rowland: Yes, we just said that -- my comment was that it would moderate a little from the 7% that we just reported in the third quarter.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Jason, that is a very fair question to ask. And I'll start off by telling you that we're not in the business of missing guidance, and we don't find that to be acceptable. So that would not be our expectation going forward. Now having said that, we do have a very robust planning forecasting function in Accenture. And I think that as much as anything else, we have found ourselves in this period of change and evolution, in particular, in the consulting business. We've had some areas of our business where the activity is much different than we would have expected, some of which would have been tough to predict, like the depth of the economic challenges in Brazil, some of the growth challenges in Japan. And frankly, for anyone, I think it's tough to predict even today what's happening in Europe with the macro environment. And so we have a large complex business and a large complex world and even the best forecasting processes when you're going through a period of change. You can have, in our case, a quarter where the lens was not as clear as we would have hoped it would have been. And so we are always trying to get better in everything we do, forecasting included. We've certainly learned a lot over the last 2 or 3 quarters, and we're putting those insights that we've learned this quarter, in particular, to good use in terms of being better predictors of our business going forward.
David P. Rowland: Yes, we think we do. We've -- we feel like we've got a reasonable range reflected in our guidance. Again, it reflects the learnings from the third quarter.
David P. Rowland: Yes. I think on the headcount -- I mean, the first thing I would say, Sara, is that our headcount in the third quarter was very well-utilized. Our utilization rates were very high, as Pam indicated. And if you think about the upper end of our range in the fourth quarter, it was -- it's right at about what we just did in the third quarter. And so underneath our headcount, you can see a little more increase in GDN, I think, in the quarter we just completed as opposed to our on-shore resources. But we are very, very good, and I think that's one of our -- one of the areas that, operationally, we've really proven over the quarters and years to be very strong is managing our supply and demand. So we'll continue to move our headcount, both the mix by location, total headcount, as our revenue forecast evolves.
David P. Rowland: Well, part of our model is -- well, first of all, part of that 50,000 is bringing in skills in targeted areas, SMAC, as an example, where we're bringing in skills in high-growth areas. The other thing about our business is that we always have -- true of our business, you always have some churn of resources, and that's healthy for our business. And so we're always going to have hiring. Even if our headcount is relatively stable, we're always going to bring in people, both for skill reasons and also just part of our ongoing pyramid refresh, which, by the way, is part of our profitability agenda as well, how we manage that headcount in the pyramids.
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, it's Pam. We did see a combination. I mean -- first of all, I mean, versus our expectations, outsourcing revenues came in well. And we did, as I mentioned, see -- we do see some of the sort of smaller add-on work to existing applications that is slowing a bit, but at the same time, we have this real strength in BPO. So it's a real mix of things. And some of these bigger deals, as we mentioned, with the durations, those are continuing to ramp up slower.
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, this is Pam. I'll just add one comment, and that is, for smaller outsourcing bookings, there's a certain amount of that, that ends up getting filled in, in a quarter, right? They're not these big -- bigger transformational kinds of deals, but more smaller, sometimes add-on kinds of things. And that's the bucket of things that we've seen be a little softer.
Pamela J. Craig: I mean, even when we planned the year, Brian, I mean, we were expecting this moderation in outsourcing. What didn't materialize as we expected was the pickup in consulting in the latter part of the second half of the year.
Pamela J. Craig: So Keith, I'll just quickly give you the answer on the quarter, which was it was less than 1%. And then let me turn it over to Pierre to give you the future look here.
Pamela J. Craig: And just another little data point for you, Keith, that we do expect it will be higher than the 15% of operating cash flow this year.
Pamela J. Craig: We're not seeing that overall, but on an isolated basis in these concentrated areas, where we have seen softening and thus, more competition, it has been more price competitive.
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think there's anything major to speak of there, but certainly, on the margin here and there, we do have those challenges.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, it's the former. I think it's -- there's just a little less of the add-on work going on right now. There's fewer of the big ERP things starting. I've been -- I used to do this work myself. I mean, these things just go through those kinds of periods, and it will certainly pick up again. But we do see that trend right now.
