Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are very pleased with our financial results for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year, which enabled us to meet or exceed our annual business outlook for all of our key metrics. Our strong performance demonstrates that our growth strategy continues to differentiate us in the marketplace and that we are running our business with a focus on delivering value to shareholders. Pam will provide details on the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year in a moment. Here are a few highlights for the year. We delivered record new bookings of $32.2 billion. Revenue growth was strong and broad-based across our business, with an 11% increase in local currency to $27.9 billion, also a record. Earnings per share were a record $3.84, up 13% and at the top of our guided range. We expanded operating margin 30 basis points to 13.9%, also at the top of our guided range. We generated exceptionally strong free cash flow of $3.9 billion and continued to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the year with a cash balance of $6.6 billion. We continue to return cash to shareholders, with more than $3 billion in share repurchases and dividend payments during the year. And we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.81 per share, which is a 20% increase over our prior dividend. Clearly, we continue to execute extremely well across all dimensions of our business, and I want to take this opportunity to recognize the contribution of the leadership team of Accenture, which is totally committed to our clients and to our success. Now let me hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. As our very strong results for fiscal year '12 demonstrate, we are executing our growth strategy in a focused and disciplined way, providing differentiated services that create tangible and measurable value for our clients. Although the global economic and geopolitical environment remains volatile and uncertain, the diversity of our business continues to serve us very well. We are working with clients across 40 industries and more than 120 countries, providing a full range of market-leading services. We have an unmatched depth and breadth of industry skills, with 153,000 people in our operating groups and growth platforms aligned with specific industries. As demonstrated by our record new bookings, we are seeing strong demand for services. Our clients continue to invest in transforming their operations to address the challenges presented by the long-term trends of globalization, regulation, rationalization and technology innovation. To help our clients address these challenges, we combine our unique capabilities across management consulting, technology and business process outsourcing to provide highly differentiated industry-based end-to-end services. Let me bring this to life with some recent wins in the marketplace. We are helping Oi, one of the Brazil's leading communications providers, drive greater operational efficiency and transform its business. In addition to managing their billing and collection, finance and accounting, HR and supply chain functions, we are also leveraging analytics to target further process improvements to lower costs and improve quality across their business. We are working with BP, the global energy company, to consolidate and run its finance and accounting function across Europe and North America. We are standardizing reporting and metrics and using advanced analytics to drive greater insights into the business with the goal of improving business controls, transcending risk management and reducing operating cost. And at the same time, we continue to invest in building our industry expertise. I'm pleased to report that just this week, we completed the acquisition of Octagon Research Solutions, a provider of clinical and regulatory information management systems. The acquisition significantly expands the range of services we provide to pharmaceutical clients, enhancing our ability to help them achieve more efficient global regulatory submissions and enabling them to get medicines to market faster and at a lower cost. I'm also pleased with the progress we made in fiscal year '12 in the fast-growing areas of cloud analytics and mobility, where we are now operating at scale in response to increased demand from our clients. In cloud, through a 5-year contract valued at more than $280 million, we are helping a major global client completely transform its sales, customer service and delivery functions worldwide. The new cloud-based solution is part of the client's efforts to increase revenue and customer satisfaction while also reducing operating costs. In mobility, we are helping a leading company in the energy industry develop and roll out advanced mobile applications for its global workforce of more than 25,000 employees. The program will enable staff in remote locations to use mobile devices to access customer information in real time, significantly increasing efficiency and improving customer service. As you know, geographic expansion is another key dimension of our strategy. We continue to invest in growth markets, both mature under-penetrated markets as well as our priority emerging markets. In fiscal year '12, we made good progress in our 10 priority emerging markets, increasing revenues 16% in local currency. We are particularly pleased with the growth in China, South Africa, Brazil and India, where we are executing very well and gaining market share. I would also like to highlight our excellent results in the United States, which continues to be our largest market and delivered strong revenue growth of 13% for the year. And of course, we continue to run Accenture as a high-performance business, with a relentless focus on value, cost management and productivity to further improve our own efficiency and competitiveness and deliver on our commitments to shareholders. With that, I will turn it back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for fiscal year '13. Over to you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, sure. It's excellent, Darrin. Regarding, I mean, what's differentiating us in the marketplace and I think it's reflecting in the 2 illustrations I mentioned previously with Oi and BP. First is our constant focus on large global companies. Second is indeed what we see from a transformation standpoint in the marketplace. And to drive transformation for such large clients, you need to combine multiple capabilities, if you will. And this is what we do with those 2 illustrations from MC technology, BPO, AO. And on top of that, we're bringing things such as the cloud or such as the advanced analytics. So I think we have a unique positioning so far, which is resonating very well with our clients and differentiating us in the marketplace of combining capabilities, operating at scale, working for those very large global organizations and really focusing on bringing an outcome. FS is a good illustration of what's going on. FS, as you know, Financial Services, and especially banking in Financial Services, but it's true for insurance, are industries facing significant transformation from a regulatory standpoint, of course the Solvency II, the Basel III, but as well from an operational standpoint. And again, we are very pleased with what we're doing, especially from an outsourcing standpoint, where outsourcing bookings as well as revenue growth was very good. And it's reflecting again our positioning in supporting those large organization in some major transformations. So that's what's explaining our current differentiation.
Pierre Nanterme: Thanks a lot, Rod. And I had the same reaction like you. I said, "Wow" when I saw the 9% in front of our bookings for Q4.
Pierre Nanterme: And we're pleased with that if I would add. I mean, if we have lower attrition, it means that we will have less cost for recruiting people.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and that's exactly right. I mean, those bookings, obviously, are extremely important for us. It reflects that -- how we differentiate in the marketplace. We are winning against the competition, whether what we're selling is resonating with our clients, and I think this is where we are -- and of course, it's giving us the confidence moving forward as we're entering fiscal year '13. So I think what we see is our current positioning is strong in the marketplace with this combination of persistent focus on these large and global clients and bringing this combination of industry expertise together with technology leadership. And then end-to-end services to deliver tangible and measurable values. And today, this is what's the market is expecting from a company like us. And I'm indeed extremely pleased with the booking as the best proof point of our positioning.
Pierre Nanterme: No reason to be concerned. I mean, managing headcount is probably, I guess, there are many things we're doing that's right in Accenture, but there is something we're doing very well, which is managing supply-demand, productivity. We have a long experience of doing this. And indeed, it's all the combination of the productivity you expect, the supply-demand country by country, your pricing hypotheses. And you put all of this in our algorithm, if you will, and we believe that we are targeting the right headcount growth we need to deliver to our clients.
Pierre Nanterme: We are extraordinary local. We are French in France, we are American in the U.S. I think we have quite a unique combination of being global by nature. We are leveraging the scale of Accenture in terms of balance sheet, in terms of brand, in terms of finance, in terms of capability. But when it comes to delivering to our clients, we are extraordinary local, operating in more than 120 countries around the world. And we're operating in those countries with local leaders totally rooted in their business community very close to our clients. And that's the way we've been operating for a long time. And I think this is indeed pretty probably unique to our organization, this combination. As you know, we do not have any headquarters. Physically, we are all operating in our different countries. I'm operating from Paris when I'm in Paris. Here we are in New York. So that would be my answer. Now do I really see a trend that clients will turn to more local providers? I don't really see that, and definitely not for our clients, the global companies. Maybe that's something that might happen in other market segments. But if you take the market segment of the G2000, those companies are global by nature, and they are turning to global providers who could deliver [indiscernible] local countries.
Pierre Nanterme: I think what's interesting is first, those new technologies, I mean, combining the mobile, cloud, analytics, socials, are growing even faster for a reason than we expected, and we are very pleased with that. That's why I was extremely pleased to report our progress we're making in those new technologies and the fact that now we are operating at scale. The second point we have found very telling is if you take what you're calling more traditional deals, now all those deals, and whatever they are, BPO or big AO, will have a part of those deals in the form of analytics. And this is exactly the 2 illustrations I mentioned with both Oi and BP. You have different component of the traditional solution, if you will, together with elements such as advanced analytics to drive more rapidly to more tangible results and more value. So this is this combination which is now very interesting. And the fact that we could provide what you're calling the traditional services together with infusing those new tech in those deals is, again, I think, differentiating us from the competition.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I'm now the specialist -- ultimate specialist on Europe as long -- anyone could understand what's happening in Europe. But, I mean, first, we are growing in Europe. I mean, you see our results in Q4 but as well in older years. I think the other thing that I'm really pleased with, if you take out Q4, we've been growing in most of the large countries in Europe. I'm thinking about the U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain. So when you look at this, we in Accenture are growing in those countries. From a trend standpoint, very pleased with our performance in terms of outsourcing. As you know, most of the European companies are facing large restructurings, and outsourcing is a good way for them to drive that transformation. Of course, we are watching more carefully what's happening in the consulting standpoint. But overall, I'm pleased with where we are in Europe, especially considering the challenges facing by that part of the world.
Pierre Nanterme: Thanks again for joining us on today's call. As we enter fiscal year '13, I feel confident in the ability of Accenture to continue to drive profitable growth and deliver our business outlook for the year. Our long and enduring relationship with the world's leading companies, together with our global scale and highly diversified portfolio of business position us very well to win in the marketplace and continue to gain market share. And of course, key to our success are the skills and capabilities of the 257,000 Accenture men and women around the world who are focused on running our business with rigor and discipline, and I want to thank each and every one of them for delivering great business outcome for our clients every day. Finally, I would like to thank you, our investors, for your continued support and confidence in Accenture. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor & Analyst Conference in New York on October 11. In the meantime, if you have any questions, feel free to call KC. All the best. Talk to you soon.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. I'd like to first share with you some thoughts on how our business is shaping up for fiscal year '13. We see very good opportunities in most markets around the world, and our Q4 bookings and healthy pipeline confirm this and position us well as we move forward. At the same time we remain very vigilant about understanding the impact of the evolving global macroeconomic environment, we will continue to be focused on managing our global business tightly. For fiscal '13, we expect growth rates in outsourcing to continue to be higher than in consulting based on the book of business we have and the opportunities we see. While our consulting bookings have been solid in recent quarters, we anticipate they will continue to convert to revenues at a slower rate going forward as they did in the latter part of fiscal year '12. Our outlook components and our intent to update you quarterly remain the same for fiscal '13. We will continue to provide a quarterly outlook for revenue so that you have a basis for understanding our quarterly-phasing expectations during the year. So for the first quarter of fiscal year '13, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.1 billion to $7.35 billion. This assumes a foreign exchange impact of negative 3% compared to the first quarter in fiscal '12. Our revenue outlook in Q1 reflects growth in 4 of our 5 operating groups and a slight decline in revenue for Communications, Media and Technology. We do anticipate that CMT will return to growth later in the fiscal year based on recent bookings and how new business is shaping up. Let me turn to our assumption for foreign exchange for the full fiscal year. Based upon how the rates have been trending over the last couple of weeks, we currently assume the impact of foreign exchange on our results in U.S. dollars to be negative 1% for fiscal '13 compared to fiscal '12. This assumes the weakening dollar we've seen over the last few weeks. If the dollar were to return to the levels of a month ago, the FX annual headwind could be more like negative 2%. We will update the annual foreign exchange assumption each quarter. For the full fiscal year '13, we expect Accenture's net revenue to grow in a range of 5% to 8% in local currency over fiscal '12. For the full fiscal year '13, we are targeting new bookings to be in the range of $31 billion to $34 billion. As you know, our bookings can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. In fiscal year '13, we expect operating margin to be in a range of 14.0% to 14.1%, a 10- to 20-basis point expansion. We will continue to balance profitability with making investments to position our business for the future. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as we've seen in the past. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. In determining next year's expected rate, we have evaluated our projected geographic mix of income, our reserves and some future final determination. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '13 to be in the range of $4.22 to $4.30 or 10% to 12% growth. Now let's turn last, but not at all least, to cash flow. As you know, we had very strong cash flow at the end of fiscal '12, which reflected an unusually low level of DSOs, 27 days at the end of Q4. We have reflected a more normal level of DSOs in our forecast for fiscal '13, i.e. a few more days. We have also decided to provide a substantial discretionary contribution, $500 million, to our U.S.-based defined benefit pension plan during the first half of fiscal '13. So taking these things into account, for the full fiscal year, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion, property and equipment additions to be $420 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion. To give you just a little more on our thinking about capital allocation, we are on course to continue our strategy this fiscal year to both invest in our business to grow as well as to return a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders. I will share more with you on this topic at our Investor and Analyst Day in 2 weeks. So in conclusion, we're staying focused on what matters most, driving value for our clients and for our shareholders. We look forward to having some of our business leaders around the world share more details at our Investor and Analyst Day. So KC, let's take some questions.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. Well, first of all, in the book-to-bill, we were sure pleased with those in Q4, 1:1 in consulting, probably about 1:6 in outsource. So I think one of the things I mentioned, that in consulting, we do see what's being booked be sort of larger, longer-duration things. And those do convert to revenue just as a basket slower because there's less of the little or faster converting stuff in the mix. So we do expect that trend to continue.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I think bookings are lumpy, right, and I think that we did have a number of large things. I mentioned we had 11 clients where we had bookings of over $100 million. So some of those are big things over a longer time period. And so I think it's hard to correlate it exactly just in terms of then trying to sort of link that to a revenue growth rate in the first quarter.
Pamela J. Craig: Wail, we'll never give up on contract profitability and particularly pricing, and then how we continue to manage our costs and look at the whole value equation for clients. So I think that is -- definitely continues to be a push for us. But at the same time, in terms of managing our business to operating margin, we're going to be looking for those efficiencies in SG&A to continue.
Pamela J. Craig: I mean, those are the major ones. And particularly in banking, frankly, insurance has been strong for us for a number of quarters now. Just one other thing I'd like to just point out because, I mean, these were really strong results in Financial Services, is they did include just a couple of things from a compare perspective that I should point out. First of all, we talked to, last quarter, a little bit about precontract costs. And of course, these are costs that were in the quarter and then the revenues came through in this quarter. So that had maybe only just about a 2-point impact on Financial Services. We also made 2 fairly sizable acquisitions in the beginning of last year, and those had done really well. I mentioned the Credit Services business, which has really come on strong this year.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, Rod, first of all, I don't know about the word artificially. I think there's always some lumpiness to our bookings. That said, I think what I was pleased about is that the pipeline is still up quite nicely. I think it's only really in the very big deal. We also look at the very big deal pipeline, where we do indeed need to do some replenishment. But that would be pretty normal and natural at this point after that quarter of bookings. We even had a couple, frankly, that came in early, right? We expected them in Q1. They came in, in Q4, which was fantastic. And so there is a little bit of that. And so yes, the bookings in Q1 will be lower, but I wouldn't say -- I wouldn't use the artificially word.
Pamela J. Craig: I am confident that it will be positive for the first quarter and for the year. And that's, I think, how it will come out. I mean, the first quarter at this point, I see low positive single digits. It could be sort of as low as flattish, but we do see positive. And for the year, low- to mid-single digits positive. In terms of our visibility, we do see, as we look forward over the next 4 quarters, that contracted revenue is up 9% over last year. Interestingly, beyond that, contracted revenue was up 13% more than the prior year as we looked at that. So that just points at this longer-duration thing that's going on with some of the bookings. But the 9% gives us confidence with the 5% to 8% revenue -- projected revenue growth.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I didn't necessarily see it as slower. I mean, I think if you look through the quarters of the year, we added 7,000 in the fourth quarter to our billable headcount, and that was more than any other quarter in the year. So, I mean, I think, Julio, I mean, we're doing what we're always doing, right, which is balancing supply and demand. We also have had good results with attrition, right, and that has meant that we haven't had to hire as many people.
Pamela J. Craig: Probably a little bit less than this year. But again, with the lower attrition, that's the main driver of that and then just again how we see the business shaping up.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. Pricing, interestingly, remains pretty stable in a competitive environment. And we're always going to be pushing on it where we can.
Pamela J. Craig: I mean, I think again, right, where you take a value focus and that's really strong, that's where it makes the most sense because then you're able to really generate the value for the client as well as for us. So that's the focus we try to take with it.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. It did include some onetime things. We did the delivery inefficiencies on a few contracts and some write-offs we had. So, I mean, that unit, the Public Service piece generally does trend a little lower anyway, but this quarter was impacted by those things.
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think it really says much at all about FY '14 growth rates at this point. I mean, it's really based on where we need people, attrition and how the business is shaping up for '13. I mean, that's really it at this point.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I think it's both of those and just how the consulting will continue to ramp up and bleed through during the year.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I will give you more details on it, but I think you could expect it to be more and be consistent.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I'm personally not a big fan of that because I think we will always look for ways to put our capital to work. It will be part of our program, of course. We've raised the dividend 20%, which you heard about today. We expect we will do approximately a 2% reduction in the shares outstanding. I mentioned that we're doing the discretionary payment for the benefit plan. And of course, we have an acquisition pipeline. So I mean, these are the things that we think are driving growth in our business and value to shareholders, and we're focused on those.
Pamela J. Craig: I think it reflects some shifting demand patterns in consulting, which ultimately, I think, are good in the sense of sort of this larger, more durable, more value-driven kinds of consulting bookings. And I think it bodes well for the medium term. So I think that's most of it. And I don't know whether that's cyclical or secular or what, but that is a demand pattern that we do see and that we view as very, very positive for us.
Pamela J. Craig: It's different in some ways through the verticals and also around the world. I mean, it does depend on -- and sometimes client by client, right, just depending on what their needs are, how much transformation they need to do. And then in other places, in some of the emerging markets, it's all about building scale for the first time. I mean, so it really does differ, but it's a scene that we do see really moving through the business at this time.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, so we won't give you that breakdown in the outlook. But let me let Pierre give you some color on Europe, at least.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I think as I mentioned, Joe, the -- we do see a little less of that kind of stuff. So maybe some of those are getting deferred in different parts of the world, and it does differ by part of the world. For example, we see more of that in Europe. And shoot for the second.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, again, I think we did see -- as I mentioned, we had declines in consulting in CMT. And there's a lot of transformation going on in traditional communications companies. And so we're working closely with them, and that's leading to a lot of outsourcing work. Based on some of the work that's been booked, CMT did have record bookings in Q4. And just sort of the business shaping up, we do see it coming back. We see some interesting system integration work coming back, particularly as it relates to some of these tech trends. And so this is how we see it, that CMT will return to growth during fiscal '13.
