Dara Khosrowshahi: All right. Thank you very much for the question. As far as the recovery - recovering markets, what's - in the competitive environment there, I'd say the environment is constructive. A couple of notes. Generally, in certain markets and the US being an example, as the markets come back, we're actually in more of an undersupply position than an oversupply position as these markets come back, just we have to make sure that drivers understand that it's safe to drive. I think that they're very comforted by the investments that we've made in technology and how clear we have been as it relates to our no-mask, no-ride policy, but it takes time. And these are human beings and what's happening outside is very tough. So, the driver supply coming back is a bit slower than we would want. Someone say that's a first-class problem and we are putting some incentives into the market in order to make sure that drivers come back and they have great earnings opportunities during a period where economically, more and more people need those earnings opportunities. As it relates to riders, what we are seeing is that the earlier cohort of riders who is coming back tends to be more price sensitive. These are folks who have to come back to work. They don't have the option sometimes to stay at home. And as a result, we're seeing a cohort that is more price sensitive in general, which is a little bit different than what we've seen in the past, which will provide some margin pressure for us. Although I tell you, if you look at our margins now, we're more than making it up in terms of discipline, et cetera. So as the world returns to normal, we think there will be margin upside as the cohort of riders that kind of comeback represent a more fulsome kind of example of the ridership that we had pre pandemic. All that said, as it relates to the competitive environment, it's constructive, all the competitors are being rational, and we don't see that changing. As far as your second question, Prop 22 increases in strategies. Listen, I think on Prop 22 for now, what we are really focused on is making sure that we do everything that we can to get the benefits that Prop 22 promises to drivers as quickly as possible. There's some calculation that you have to do in terms of minimum earnings standards, et cetera. So we are very much focused on the execution on Prop 22 as it relates to our drivers and travelers who use a platform. It may have some implication as it relates to rates, but we think that any effect that it has on rates will not have a significant effect on trip volumes one way or the other based on the kinds of sensitivities that we've seen in the past.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the shape of the recovery, I think, first of all, the shape of recovery, it's a city-by-city recovery that very much depends on the health situation on a local basis, which as I patently obvious, we can't do anything about other than making sure that our platform is the safest transportation platform out there. And I think - I really do think it is in terms of the technology that we have instead there. We looked at kind of, well, does a recovery does commute come back faster, workday come back after, we can come back faster, et cetera. And on a global basis, there is no tail to tell, which I consider great, which is the business just comes back. And there are some markets where work use cases are coming back faster than non-work use cases. The one interesting trend that we are seeing is, as I mentioned in New York, the kinds of use cases that riders are using to engage with Uber seem to be changing, and we are getting kind of a broader demand set at broader hours of the day. So people are using the service, whereas, they might have used it only in commute hours, they're kind of extending the hours, which might be just being more flexible in terms of how they live or might be entirely in new use cases and say, I've got to go get groceries, and I'm going to use Uber. The second factor that we are observing is that Uber is coming back faster than other transportation alternatives. I think, we all want mass transit to come back. The mass transit systems in many cities have been in a very, very difficult state. We believe in mass transit with the investments that we've made in Routematch, but we're seeing Uber, for example, come back much faster than mass transit. Same thing as it relates to taxi. For example, when we look at our volumes versus taxi in New York City, Uber's coming much faster than taxi, again, I think because of the investments we made on the platform because of all the information that our riders have and our no-mask, no-ride policy, for example. So I think to sum it up, the evidence that we're seeing is Uber comes back when cities come back. And if anything, Uber is an advantage form of transportation versus alternatives as they come back. It's very early. Is this going to translate into long-term behavior? We're kind of seeing the food certainly translate into long-term behavior. So we like where we stand, but like everyone else are waiting for the world to open up. As far as the food delivery space goes, again, nothing of note. We are focused on our own service, making sure that our reliability or dependability, the average time to order, et cetera, all of these areas continue to improve. We're very much focused on optimizing cost per trip and kind of the number of contacts that we have. And the result of all that, along with the Uber brand and are continuing to lead into the Uber brand with, for example, the Tonight, I'll be Eating Campaign, has resulted in our ability to improve margins and generally improve our competitive position over our competition. So nothing of note to call out on the competitive front one way or the other, other than we're growing faster than our competitors, and we're going to keep it that way.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Mark, in terms of the use cases, listen, they're very broad. And I haven't looked at it personally as to what the use cases are. What's interesting is that the number of trips per rider, not all ridership is back, but the riders who are starting to use our service, the trips per rider is up significantly, and during these kind of other times the trips or rider is actually up double digits. And I think - listen, if you live in a city, Uber is just a utility type of use case. People use it for all kinds of different uses. We've introduced hourly rentals. We've introduced the ability to deliver packages as well. So all of the new use cases that we're introducing essentially broaden the service, and we're certainly seeing that broadening translating to a greater use of the service in different times of the day.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as MAPC goes, what we're seeing very, very significant MAPC growth for the delivery business as expected. The number of new eaters coming on to the platform remains at elevated levels. And the retention of those eaters has also increased on a year-on-year basis. So we got more eaters. They're staying longer. They're ordering more, and that translates into very, very strong MAPC growth. We're seeing a good MAPC bounce back on the mobility side of the business. And mobility is still, even with delivery being at the elevated levels that it is, the mobility business has a significantly higher number of MAPCs than delivery. So mobility for us, one, is coming back nicely with strong margins, but it's a great loudspeaker that we have as it relates to the new app. And what we're seeing happen is that with zero cannibalization of our mobility business, we are able to introduce a whole new segment of Rides users to Uber Eats. And often, we see them coming back to Uber Eats within the mobility app itself. So we actually - early on, we expected, well, we'll throw them to Uber Eats, download the app, sometimes they'll use a rides app, sometimes they will use the Eats app. A double-digit percentage of folks who use the Rides app now were just using kind of the Eats webview inside of the Rides app, which we think is a great sign. So this, we think, is a pretty strong advantage. It's increasing the frequency of use for our Mainline Uber app, and it's introducing a new - a whole new segment to Eats, and it's kind of a growth channel that we have that some of our competition clearly doesn't have. In terms of the new businesses, the way I'd simplify it is, as it's clearly a very high-margin business and something that we're quite excited about. Grocery and pharma on balance are going to be lower margin than our main line business because they're just not nearly as mature. So I think you can - the grocery and pharma will have negative effects on margin going forward. As we have a positive effect, we think we have the capability as it relates to our portfolio to balance the investments and the growth to get our delivery business to profitability next year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I'll remind you that there are many markets where penetration - in terms of restaurant penetration is 10%, 15%, 20%. So we think that the right strategic way forward is to lean in on growth and draw our profitability, and we can do both. So we're in a great position to be able to deliver both.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Generally, our penetration in the cities or larger cities is higher than our penetration in the suburbs. But again, like Nelson said, we really gone into this business in a real way four years ago. So we just have lots of expansion room and greenfield in smaller cities, secondary cities, tertiary cities as well as suburbs. We are certainly making headway in the suburbs in the US. But there are areas like Japan, for example, where we were very much focused on Tokyo and some of the other big cities, but now we're growing at over 300%. And it is an expansion into secondary cities, but also outside of city proper in places like Japan as well. So the move secondary city suburbans - suburban move, it's not a US only effort. It really is a global effort.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So I would like to say, it's operating in the vacuum. So there is some back-end technology and stuff that we can do in enterprise. But it is a little bit different, because it is not a consumer facing business. We think that freight is a very attractive business. You know the progress we've made there. But you also know that we recently raised $500 million from Greenbrier at a roughly $3.3 billion valuation. And we believe that money, that investment will allow us to fund freight until it's profitable. The business continues to scale and grow. And we love the fact that it's doing it, and we kind of judge it on its own. If it - would there ever be a point, I don't know. But right now, we kind of like what we're seeing from the freight business right now. The freight marketplace went through a very challenging summer because of the increased demand in terms of trying to get goods shipped across the country. And there's a tight labor supply because of the - some of the $600 weekly stuff. But we're working through that. The business is getting better more globally. And so, we'll see. So, as you know, Uber has had a lot of different businesses. As you know, we've made decisions during the course of the year to really focus in on the core. And we continue to look at how freight is operating today, and we'll continue to evaluate.
Dara Khosrowshahi: All right. I think that's the last question. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this quarter. And huge thank you to the Uber teams. Nelson and I get to talk to you about these numbers, but they are the ones who do all the work. So thank you very much to team Uber, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Nelson Chai: Sure. So what happens in countries where we are profitable, we have a very strong, what we call competitive position, you call market share across a number of the key cities in the country. This leads to very, very good selection, as well as mid-teens type take rates, which we've talked about and how important that is in fact. It tends to be teams that are really executing well in terms of building the brand investment and then continue to make some of the operational improvements. So you've heard Dara actually call out the progress we're making in the UK. And so that has all the making of how you get to a country to be very profitable like we have already in the system. So the result of all this is we tend to have really high customer loyalty and then we have this great experience. And so in France, for instance, we actually have a 24 minute average delivery time. And so we just really outperform everybody. And so again, there's nothing special. It's just the teams are doing a great job, and we think that we'll be able to bring more countries towards those type of metrics as we continue down the path.
Nelson Chai: So Mark, I'll handle Q4, and I'll let Dara talk about the use cases. So we do expect you'll continue to see the momentum continue kind of where we are today in the very healthy triple-digit kind of range. I was careful to provide guidance in terms of the segment EBITDA for the quarter in Q4, largely because we are investing behind the business, I may put. So that business continues to do extremely well. We're very, very optimistic. I don't think Dara would have made - we would not have made the commentary about profitability on delivery at some point next year if we didn't see the efficiency as well as the consumer adoption that's going on.
Nelson Chai: Yeah. So Ross, obviously, there's a lot of hits and end. So it's difficult to really got answer. And so it's not, because you have to do it based on certain volume. But obviously, it's very important that we maintain the independent contractor status. It will - like will result in probably a 5% type increase, in order to cover the incremental, whether it be minimums, whether it be incremental benefits. And we do expect that much of it will be passed along. Now it could be different depending on the city-by-city or the time of day. But again, we - as Dara said earlier, we do believe that it will be manageable. And we don't believe based on the models we run that it will have a material impact, in terms of demand.
Nelson Chai: So Pierre, thank you for the question. Yes, we are seeing continued improvement in the bottom-line margin sequentially as the business starts coming back specifically on mobility. If you listen to the first quarter call, we actually talked about the fact that if you looked at the February year-to-date number pre-COVID, we are actually getting to about a 30% margin as a percentage of ANR already. And so we know that we are confident in terms of our ability to get to our longer-term margin targets because of the leverage we have. With the actions that we took on the productivity side, again, we feel confident that as the world recovers, and you've seen the quarter-over-quarter recovery, both at the top and the bottom-line for our mobility business, that we will be able to achieve those longer-term margins. The part of it is that - the COVID recovery is real. And so obviously, as places like Paris and London go back into lockdown that impacts the number of rides and how much people are going out. The fact that all of us are on these calls right now, we're all sitting in our own different homes again. So once we start moving around, we're confident we will get to our longer-term margins. Pre-COVID, we were already getting there on the mobility side of the business. And so we do know, especially based on the actions we've taken that we will again. If you look at our Q3 performance, based on the Rides business being down 50% year-over-year, we think that it showed very good margin profile. Thank you.
Nelson Chai: So again, what we've talked about is the fact - and the earlier question we talked about, what is it about the countries where we're profitable today. As you know, our delivery business, which is really the older breeds business, is a little more than four years old. And so we - the business has gone - has grown tremendously. We run the largest food delivery business outside of China globally now. You've seen the tremendous growth we have. And so we've made tremendous improvement in terms of improving the bottom-line on the efficiency side. We've talked in the past about getting towards those mid-teen type of take rates in that business, which we have in those countries. So as we continue to grow the business, as we continue to move our competitive position, again, we think that we will be there. But again, the path on the delivery margins will take a little bit longer, just like it took in terms of getting there for the Rides part of the business.
Nelson Chai: I think the one other mention that I'll make is that, there's no question that freight is benefiting from the marketplace technology, pricing technology, the technical staff and the infrastructure that we have. Now freight is focused on really delivery from warehouse to store, Eats and our delivery business is focused on delivery from store to last mile, to home. You can't imagine a world that's not a world that is - will be there tomorrow, but we're not betting for tomorrow, right? We're betting for three to five years from now, where we start chaining together warehouse to last mile. And again, I think it is a solution that we uniquely are suited bring, and I think it would be a stage two or three if we get there.
Nelson Chai: Sure. So in terms of drivers of pie, the first thing I want to make sure that people understand is the take rate is relatively flat year-over-year, despite some of the shortages and the U.S. mix being a smaller percentage of the total. So I would say that the driver supply improved during the quarter, still lagged a little bit on the recovery. In the US, what I would say some of the imbalances are really more kind of weekend late night hours as people are starting to get out more. And then internationally, it's mainly because in places like Brazil and Latin America, where the marketplace and the demand has increased dramatically, trying to keep up with it. We think it's gotten better. We think there's a little bit more of an imbalance. I'm not going to really kind of comment too many quarters that out because there's a lot of us do either the recovery, both on the rider and the driver side, but it has improved versus the second quarter. I think a lot of it has to do with our efforts. I think people appreciate a lot of the safety efforts that we've taken, no maximum ride and some of the other enhancements that we've had to try to make drivers more comfortable. I think some of the stimulus as well has put people out there driving a little bit more, and so we are seeing it improve and particularly versus the last quarter.
