Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Balaji. Uber delivered yet another strong quarter with gross bookings up 32% year-on-year, EBITDA of $516 million, an all-time high and well above our guidance range and solid free cash flow of $358 million. Despite the uncertain global economic environment and considerable foreign exchange headwinds, we again issued Q4 EBITDA guidance that shows strong incremental progression and remain confident in our ability to deliver healthy top and bottom line growth with strong free cash flow generation. Underlying this performance are several trends that represent tailwinds for us. Cities are reopening; travel is booming and more broadly, a continued shift of consumer spending from retail back to services. We've seen these trends continue into the fourth quarter with October tracking to be our best month ever for mobility and total company gross bookings. With over $1 billion in adjusted EBITDA of $693 million in free cash flow so far this year, we've demonstrated how our global scale and unique advantages of our platform are combining to generate meaningful profits and we're confident in our ability to build on this momentum. With that, let's open the call to questions.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Absolutely. So Brian, as you can imagine with everything going on, we have been looking very closely for any signs both internally and so that we can communicate to our investors. And right now, frankly, we're not seeing any signs of consumer weakness. And part of it is that the consumer spending is strong and not only is consumer spending strong, but shifting over from retail to services and we are the beneficiary of that. So on mobility, we've looked at our mobility consumers from an income basis to see if there's any delta in behavior. We're not seeing any kind of jumps one way or the other. Seasonal trends remain the same. Even lower income riders continue to have higher trips per rider as things are opening up, showing absolutely no signs of slowing down. And we've also specifically looked at Europe with inflation with the European economies, I think leading in terms of weakness as far as the Western world. Again, we looked to see if there's any weakness and we're not observing any weakness. Really, the biggest factor that's affecting our financials is foreign exchange and the strength of the dollar that makes our stated gross bookings lower and obviously hurts our profit margins, but that's something that we've been able to overcome. When we look at delivery as well, the delivery business, as you saw, accelerated a bit against Q2. The frequency of ordering per monthly active platform consumer remains consistent, and it remains consistent not only in the U.S. and abroad as well. So while we have looked for signal, we're not seeing any signal. We're going to be cautious going forward. We're going to be cautious on costs. We're going to be cautious on overhead. But as far as the business goes, right now, we are seeing strength across the board. As far as the consumers go high-frequency, low-frequency consumers, it's absolutely true that if we can move our consumer use from lower frequency to higher frequency, we will see very significant growth. Generally, if you look at our – the number of trips per monthly active platform consumer, that has increased to an average of 5.3 from, let's say, 5.0 earlier in the year. So we are seeing higher engagement of consumers on the platform. I'd say there are three factors there. One is our membership program, Uber One, which is now well over 10 million members. We are now launched in additional markets. I think we're in eight markets now on a global basis and continue to launch. And Uber One has benefits that are unique in that they have both delivery benefits and mobility benefits as well. So Uber One is definitely a product that is driving frequency. Second for us is cross-sell. We are actively cross-selling delivery, consumers, food delivery consumers into grocery, grocery consumers into alcohol and then actually back now to mobility as well. So all of the cross-sell that we have across the platform continues to increase, drive new customers and also drive retention as well. And then for us also some of the growth initiatives that we have are designed to drive frequency. This is Hailables, taxis, two-wheelers, three-wheelers and lower-cost product as well. When you put it all together, it drives healthy gross bookings growth and generally higher frequency per audience. So we like the tools that we've got and we think there's a ton of upside for us on the frequency side. Next question.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, absolutely. So as it relates to the Department of Labor rulemaking, first thing I would tell you is it effectively returns us to the framework during Obama's presidency, which was a framework in which we grew significantly. And it doesn't reclassify any workers, doesn't include NAV's D-Test. So when we look at the rule making, we believe that it will provide for stability going forward. And really the focus that we have ourselves is working on a state-by-state level, right? Prop 22 in California passed with 58% of the votes in a very, very liberal state. I think everybody recognizes that value of the flexibility of independent contractors, earnings levels are very robust. And I think the dialogue that we're having on a state level, really our goal and we are finding that the dialogue is a robust dialogue on a state level about preserving flexibility, having robust earners and then also providing some protections appropriate for independent contractors is the right way forward. We continue to have dialogue. And I would say the trend is in our favor at this point, but it is the road is going to be bumpy and for us the nature of work is always going to be a big issue that we have a responsibility to shape going forward in dialogue, obviously, with local governments. When we look at delivery, again, we don't see any signs one way or the other of consumer weakness at this point. It's something that we're watching out for us. Basket sizes are up, frequency is stable. About 10% of our eaters on a monthly basis now are using our grocery product as well. So we are driving higher engagement there. And Uber One membership continues to penetrate at higher rates within our delivery segment. So you see the growth rate of delivery. It continues to be stable, et cetera, a little bit this quarter. And I think for Q4, we expect it to be stable to up a little bit as well. At this point, we're not seeing weakness. We're definitely watching out for it.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I will take the first and Nelson will take the second. Listen, up front fairs and destinations are a big positive as it as it relates to driver satisfaction. Drivers, now on a global basis, were at 2019 highs. If you look at the U.S., the number of drivers that we have is now about 80% recovered versus 2019. But the number of drivers we have is up 37%. And what we're seeing is that driver churn is down almost 20% versus where it was historically. So drivers are much more engaged on the platform. We've talked about driver earnings being $36 an hour on average in the U.S. as well. And the driver engagement, in other words, how many hours are our drivers driving on average is up 16% on a year-on-year basis. So the robust earnings, the continued flexibility and the additional information that you get in terms of upfront destinations, that is combining for very, very healthy supply trends. We can still add more drivers into the marketplace, and we're busy doing so. But the trends that we see are very healthy and the competitive trends that we see in terms of driver engagement on our platform and driver preference for our platform remain very, very high. So, the product team has really worked to improve the driver experience from onboarding, to the upfront destinations, to our customer service, to a bunch of safety innovations that we're driving as well. So there is a lot of innovation going on, on the driver front, and it's definitely showing in terms of their preference for our platform.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Ross, I just add that we're able to drive this kind of incremental margins, the healthy incremental margin while we continue to invest in some of the newer products in the mobility portfolio. As we invest in taxi, as we invest in reserve, as we invest in U4B high capacity vehicles, shared rides, et cetera. So we are actively reinvesting in growth levers, but the base business is inflecting and is showing very, very strong leverage that allows us to invest in new products while we're delivering higher profitability, as Nelson had said.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Lloyd, just add to that, right now the focus of the business is really to improve our supply situation. And that's kind of where we're waiting some of our investments. Earnings from our earners on a global basis were $10.8 billion, up 25% all-time high on a global basis. And our job is to run a lean operation where we can deliver as much earnings as possible to our drivers and couriers on a global basis, and also obviously be responsible to our investors. So right now, exactly as Nelson said, we like where we are and we're going to focus on our own strategy versus some of our competitors’ strategy.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Deepak, in terms of driver supply that is getting healthier across the board on a global basis. I think there are a couple factors. One is we lean into driver supply. So driver incentives while they are easing continue to be at high levels. We are investing billions of dollars in driver incentives to bring drivers on board. Second, is we have invested significantly in our onboarding flows, auto fetching documents as opposed to your having to take pictures of your documents, improving the conversion of driver signups to actually drivers getting onboarded and making that first trip as well. There is a ton of tech work that has gone into those onboarding flows. And then I do think the macro environment does seem to be helping combine with the solid earnings that we're seeing. Right? Average driver in the U.S. making $36 per engaged hour, those are very, very healthy earnings levels; and in the U.S. at least over 70% of our drivers who are coming on-board now said that inflation did play a role in their decision to sign up, right? It helps them afford their groceries, be more comfortable in an environment where real wages are fairly weak as it relates to the inflationary environment. So we do think the macro environment is helping, although I do think that the investments that we made both in technology and behind driver incentives are also a pretty important factor as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Absolutely. So Mark, the one thing that I would stress is we think Uber One is already there. Like we're always trying to improve the product as well, but remember, this is a – this is a very young product. We're still launching markets, so we're now in eight markets and it is the only product out there we price competitively with other players who are – who are offering delivery only benefits. And we are offering delivery benefits that are just as strong as their competition and discounts ranging from 5% to 10% on the mobility side, which is a far superior proposition especially as markets are opening up as well. So we're confident with the product as we have it, to be able to go from 10 million to 20 million to the 30 million that you put out there. The product is already there. Now we are going to invest in experiential benefits. Do you get priority pickup in airports? Do you get priority matching for example during an event? Those are definitely benefits that we are going to experiment with, but Uber One as is, is the best membership product out there on a global basis. And obviously with the audience that we have, we have a mobility audience and a delivery audience and a grocery audience that we can put – that we can push Uber One in terms of a marketing audience. We think that 20 million, 30 million on a matter of time. In terms of surge and ETAs, they are coming down. Generally I would say surge levels now are running as a high-20s to 30% range. We're more comfortable with range, call it in the teens. ETAs on average are running call it six minutes and we are more comfortable in the five-minute range. What it takes to get to those levels is simply continued investment and supply. And we are seeing our supply improve and generally supply hours are growing at very healthy rates, which is a function of new drivers on-boarding but then the average driver who's on-boarded being engaged at a higher level than they were last year. So as we improve the supply demand balance of the marketplaces and we're well on our way, we think we'll get surge levels below 20% and ETAs closer to five minutes, the – directionally we're confident where we're going.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Sure, Ron. So time and distance there are definitely variables. One variable is the supply of drivers in that location, right? If there are a lot of drivers in that location, you can price the triple lower or if the supply drivers is low in that location then you're going to have to price up as well. We will also predict the chances of their being another ride at the destination as well. So is the driver going to have a large amount of dead head miles call it, in which case we would price up? If it's highly likely that the driver will have another ride so that utilization is high then we would price that ride lower. And then also some of the basics, right? How far does a driver need to drive for the pickup? If it's half a mile, then price might be lower. If it's call it five or six miles then the price will be higher as well and then also our ability to show the upfront fare and our looking at what's access rate is for those upfront fairs, give a signal into a pricing algorithm that wasn't possible with time and distance previously when we were time and distance it is what it is. Drivers will accept or they won't actually in that case they will cancel if they didn't like the destination. Now we see live signal as to – is our pricing working or not based on driver acceptance rates, and that goes into the algorithms that determine pricing as well. All of this is combining to a higher throughput marketplace with higher satisfaction on the driver – on the driver's side as well. So we're pretty happy about the signal and it's clearly something that drivers love. In terms of advertising we're very confident the targets that we put in terms of getting to $1 billion were based on what we think are conservative assumptions. We see competitors out in the marketplace with advertising dollars as a percentage of gross bookings of 2%, $1 billion 2020 – by 2024, and implies numbers that are short of that 2% number. So we think even if we get to the $1 billion, we think we will have growth in advertising beyond that. We are now excited to open up new services – new surfaces on the advertising front, our Journey Ads that we have launched that opens up the mobility surface. We are getting very, very excellent engagement as far as mobility consumers with those ads, and we're tracking some pretty premium advertisers onto that surface as well because of the unique surface that attracted very high demo as well. So we are well on our way to that $1 billion, and I think, again, the $1 billion is not the high point of that business; the $1 billion is just one step along the way to building a multi-billion dollar business for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. So I think in terms of those users it's really the platform, so we are now offering mobility promos, for example, to delivery users who either have churned or mobility users who've never used mobility before. And we're seeing really great promise in terms of delivery actually being able to cross promote and drive mobility use cases as well. And then Uber One is the other product that we have. Obviously the lead benefit for Uber One is free delivery, discounts on your delivery as well but the mobility benefits are benefits that we can promote in Europe and other markets. And when you look at UK for example, a much higher percentage of our mobility business is let's say in London, while the delivery business is not just in London, but is in a number of other cities, the Manchester, Liverpool, Newcastle et cetera of the world as well. So we think the power of cross promotion, we started with mobility really promoting delivery. So we think delivery promoting mobility back is absolutely a potential that we have that we're very early in terms of developing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: All right. Well thank you everyone for joining. We are very, very happy to deliver another healthy quarter of strong top line growth and strong bottom line growth as well. Nelson, Balaji and I get to talk about it but there are thousands of Uber employees who are doing the hard work on the ground. So special thank you to them and then of course our earners with whom we won't be here talking to you. Look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Nelson Chai: So, on the corporate overhead yes, it did increase a little bit in the quarter. We obviously continue to monitor quite closely. And so on a year-on-year basis, we actually did deliver about 20 basis points of leverage as a percentage of gross bookings. Internally what we're doing is we really are trying to focus on managing our costs, if you will, because we do recognize that the environment is a little bit more uncertain despite the fact that our businesses are operating quite well. So you should expect us to continue to be disciplined, we're going to continue to deliver the operating leverage. As you know, for us, the North Star right now is making sure that we deliver the 7% incremental margins that we talked about at a total company level. And as you know, we're ahead of that and expect to be way ahead of that as we think about full your 2022.
Nelson Chai: Yes, so first of all, regarding take rate and mobility as we've talked about in the last quarter, it gets a little bit more challenging because of a business model change in the UK that occurred in March. And so our reported mobility to take rate was 27.9%. If you adjust that out the impact of the UK merchant model change, the underlying take rate would have been about 20.2%.  On the underlying basis, the take rate did increase about a 100 basis points quarter-on-quarter. And again, the underlying take rate would have been close to the 22% because the fuel charge impact was relatively constant quarter-over-quarter. As we've been trying to guide you, we actually view take rate as just one of the levers of the P&L. We really are focused on demonstrating both growth of the top line but more importantly and continuing improving margins which we're getting, the segment EBITDA margin for Mobility in Q3 was 6.6% and continuing to improve. And so really focus across a number of different dimensions. And again, we feel like we have a lot of levers to make sure we deliver against our top and bottom line targets.
Nelson Chai: So, we talk about 10%, and that's the number we've kind of talked as a guide. I would say it's across the board. So, what we're seeing is we are getting leverage because: a) we're managing our cost base; b) we've talked a lot about some of the investments made last year in terms of bringing the supply on. So we're able to be more efficient in terms of adding that supply. And so it's really across the board. Those top markets that I kind of highlighted continue to do extremely well. And next year we have a number of countries that are above that 10% number. And the ones that are below are continue to improve. And so we've just seen an overall improvement in our marketplace. Our business is actually going quite strongly across all of our key geographies right now. And again, it's a lot of the confidence we have if you think about our ability to put out our quarterly targets and then overachieve against it, particularly on the bottom line as you've seen this year. And again, if anything as we think about our 2024 targets we're three quarters into laying out those numbers in February. We've largely hit them on the top line. We've over exceeded them on the bottom line. The business is operating quite well. And so we probably are more confident in terms of hitting that bottom line number as you think about three years out. But it's not just because folks below the 10% or above the 10%, it's actually the overall marketplace and how the business is operating right now.
Nelson Chai: Okay, so first of all, in terms of leverage, yes, so we've been telling you this, and if you think about the leverage that we're able to pull as Dara said, we're able to continue to improve and deliver or over-deliver against the 7% incremental margins to the company level, while we're investing in some growth bets. And so, frankly, we're probably more confident in terms of delivering the 24 EBITDA number as we sit here today in November versus even February, because again, we have three quarters of data behind us. And including the part of the macro environment is also the competitive environment and so we are operating quite well right now. So yes, we think we are very confident in terms of delivering the 24 EBITDA number. In terms of the Lyft surcharge what I would tell you is we obviously know what they are doing. We pay close attention. We are not making any change at this time. It's not that we wouldn't at some point, it obviously would have a beneficial effect, but again, we are trying to balance our marketplace, make sure that we continue to drive an official marketplace. And as you can tell by our results we are delivering very, very strong bottom line as well as top line. And again, we'll continue to evaluate. But again, we're not going to make a change based on something that they're doing.
Nelson Chai: Okay, so first of all, Deepak, I'll take the first part. So, as you know we made a very conscious pivot towards expanding delivery profitability faster than we previously planned. And if you look at what we've delivered this year as well as what the guidance is in the Q4 that will play true. We benefited both from some work that our tech team has done in terms of improving our courier efficiency. And so that is probably the single biggest driver in terms of operating, in terms of driving incremental delivery margins. And then secondarily, we still have a fair amount on the incentive line. The competitive environment has gotten more constructive if you will as a lot of our competitors are also trying to follow our lead and trying to drive profitability, and then the ones that are not public, as you know, the funding margins that have changed. So we really are competing much more on platform. And so you are seeing the benefits of that as you think about both our growth, but importantly our EBITDA margin progression. And so you should expect us to continue to drive that because as Dara said, internally, we are committed to managing our cost base and really making sure we get leverage off of our scale platform.
Nelson Chai: So in terms of recovery, so we're more than 100% recovered versus pre-pandemic levels globally on mobility. And we're about 94% recovered on a trip basis globally. So again, the business come back nicely and again we see pretty good runway ahead of us.
