NelsonChai: So, Jason, I'll take the first one, the one thing I did want to say is I made a comment on my guidance of regarding the rapid improvement of ANR take rate through Q3, 2019. So I just want to clarify. So we do not expect - we do expect -sorry the Q4 seasonality caused some quarter-over-quarter decline. So I just want to make sure I clarify that for the record. Regarding your first question on lockup, yes, it is true that there are a lot of shares that are going to become unlocked on Wednesday. And yes, you can assume that we've had a lot of dialogue and very active dialogue with a lot of the shareholders that we have. I can't really comment on what each and any individual shareholder will do. I would tell you that we have very good and constructive dialogue with long-term shareholders. As you know, there are a number of different holders who have been in the stock for a long time and so you should expect that people will react rationally. As you also know, we've had a lot of very good long-term holders come into the stock. And again, we've had very constructive dialogue as well there. And so obviously there's a lot of supply that can hit the marketplace and we don't know what's going to really happen. But you can rest assured we've taken whatever steps we can to have the dialogue that we need to with most of the parties.
NelsonChai: So I'll take the first part and Dara will take the second part. So with the new disclosure you can get a sense of the big pools that we're investing in, the five different segments. Yes, we do - we have seen the markets continue to improve on the Rides side of the business. We believe that they will continue to be constructive and so I think you'll see a further improvement there. We do believe that and Dara will comment a little bit on where we think Eats will go over time. I would caution and say that at least over the next couple quarters, we still see a lot of money flowing into that segment, but as you know, when we were on the road we talked to investors about the opportunity, the potential for the Rides business to become much more constructive and we've seen over a couple of quarters how quickly it is improved. And so we think there's a road map out there regarding that. And regarding some of the investments we are making whether it is in ebikes and e-scooters or freight. As you know, we are investing in a number of different bets as we like we call them internally and we do expect some either rationalization or optimization of those bets as we continue to go down and move towards 2021, and so we're still in the middle of our planning mode but that is definitely where we're headed.
NelsonChai: So, first of all, Heath, just to clarify the point in terms of the profitability we for the whole year on a fully incorporated basis are the statement. In terms of actually seeing some of the benefits actually incorporated into guidance and so as you know, we've improved our guidance for the full year and as we think about walking towards the 2021 target, obviously, that's included as we think about efficiency. Where you really see some of the benefits from it as just leverage, we're going to get over our corporate infrastructure. So the company has been building and the corporate overhead has been building to catch up to the growth of the company. And so you've seen as I mentioned 24% year-over-year and third quarter versus the third quarter of last year, you're going to start seeing those numbers starting to grow in much smaller digits and you're going to see the growth continue. And so you'll start getting some of that leverage. You heard Dara say insurance costs and costs like that continue to improve and payments cost and so will continue to grind it out, you've heard me talk about it. We don't think there's a big magic bullet. We're just continued to grind it out quarter-over-quarter. You won't see us take big charges on for insurance like others do and we're going to see it's included in our EBITDA and then we're going to just continue to focus on the execution there. And so it's not really a magic X Y or Z, it's a continuation of us executing the plan. You're seeing some of the semblance of it on the Rides business and some of the comments are in particular that Dara made in his prepared remarks. And then as Dara mentioned, we do see a path on the Eats side of the business down the road.
NelsonChai: So again we don't want to get too stuck on 2021 as Dara said, we're still in the process of working through it. What I would tell you it does not predicate that Eats has to be either profitable or breakeven on the EBITDA margin basis. The commentary we made was on a consolidated basis for all of Uber. And that is really what the target is. And so I don't want to get too detailed in terms of each of the lines, but it is not necessarily predicate that Eats has to be profitable or breakeven in 2021.
NelsonChai: So I'll take first question - the second question first and so I have talked about on the Eats side of the business the type of drag and so the Eats ANR was 10.7% in Q3. So it was about a 0.4 drag in terms of the numbers. So India wasn't in there, it would have been posted 11.1%. Regarding where we are on Money, we had a Peter Hazlehurst, who's leading the Money team for us had a presentation in Las Vegas. And what we really are focused on right now is really enhancing the opportunity for drivers on our platform and what I would say is that as you think about with what consistency that is, making sure that they can get paid quickly matters a lot. And so for many of the drivers and so for many people who work in the workplace you know you're getting paid every other week. And that's probably okay. For many of our drivers, it's, how can we get them paid quicker. And so a lot of the initiatives we're talking about right now are really helping them through that process, many of our drivers are unbanked and so by creating the Uber wallet and allowing them to have the opportunity to have an Uber debit card. And we're working on tools that allows them to get paid every day or after every trip. We have other tools that provides them a little bit of opportunity to the extent they need $50 for gas, so they can go drive and so we're creating tools like that really around enhancing and helping our driver partners. Beyond that, we obviously are doing a lot in terms of what we can do with business - from a business development side in terms of lowering our payments cost. And we are exploring different opportunities as you know, but it's too early for me to comment beyond really trying to create and really build out a great product for our drivers. And if you think about the amount of funds that flows through our system, we think there's a big opportunity there and we think there's a good opportunity to really help them in terms of giving them the cash and they need it which is immediately and then give them purchasing power and then also help them save on things whether it be gas or service or other thing insurance and other things that we can help leverage our buying power. So that's kind of where we are today. We obviously are looking beyond it. It would be premature for me to comment beyond that.
NelsonChai: So we haven't changed any of the long-term targets. And as Dara mentioned earlier, we will comment more specifically in the Q4 call we think about 2020 guidance. As you think about Q4, yes, it does assume a little bit of an uptick versus where you finished in Q3. There is going to be some more investment probably on the Eats side of the business given the marketplace and then additionally we are investing in other things and you might just see kind of the full-year effect of some of the adds that we've made through the course of the year. And so those really are kind of work what it characterizes. There are parts of our business that does have some seasonal changes. And so that increases cost. So typically driver and courier cost in Q4 can go up as well. And so that's all kind of embedded inside of a kind of what you're implying for Q4.
NelsonChai: Yes. There are some markets where we're not one or two that are in there right now. Yes, we are going to look at both disposing as well as using M&A as potential levers. We are going to lean in and we're doing a lot of work right now from an allocation perspective across all our businesses. And so the teams are working pretty hard in terms of creating these maps. And we think about resource allocation and so we are going to work through it. We are - it is going to take 12 to 18 months like you said. We are going to look at all the different levers we have. Our commitment is to lean in if we think we can win or be one or two. And if we think we can't we're going to be good stewards of capital. And so we will make the appropriate choices. We've been working pretty hard in terms of that framework and the teams are working hard on it right now. And so yes, our goal is to execute against those plans.
DaraKhosrowshahi: Yes. And I think on your Eats questions in terms of the trade offs, listen, there are always trade-offs that you make in terms of investment and growth taking a perspective though this is Eats grew 77% bookings on a year-on-year basis, ANR was up a 109% year-on-year as well. We are still, knowing our own numbers, the largest player globally ex China despite some Twitter speak, from some of our competitors. So the scale of Eats is still very significant and we will actively make trade-offs in this business. We absolutely believe in the ultimate size of the East platform, but as we said we are going to make trade-offs. We're going to shoot to get to number one and number two in every market that we're in. If we can't make it to that level, we'll look to dispose or we'll get out of the market. And once we get to that number one or number two position, we think the power the platform, the Uber brand, our ability for the Rides business and the Eats business to work together to acquire customers and to retain customers will just be advantage over the other competitors out there. So are we going to be disciplined about growth? Absolutely. We did lean in Q3 in Eats, will continue to lean in for the balance of the year. But we are seeing some of the market rationalization, some early signs of market rationalization and discipline. And we think that will be a positive factor for everyone involved.
DaraKhosrowshahi: Yes. I think the on Eats side, certainly one sign that we're seeing that's encouraging is our take rate continuing to move up for Eats and we think ultimately the mature business model for Eats will have taken rates that are significantly higher than a takes rates that you see now. We're not counting on rationalization near-term in Q4, but we do think that all of these markets need to rationalize and as Nelson talked about the Rides rationalization has happened much faster I think than anyone expected and we have a ton under our own control as far as our own business model, how we use technology in automation to drive per unit margins. How we make sure that we scale on an operating basis in terms of our overheads and our G&A and how we get more efficient. I think we've demonstrated some of that in Rides EBITDA improvements in Q3 and frankly we think that there's a long way to go both for a Rides segment and our Eats segment going forward. We've got plans and now we've got to execute but we're confident that we can do so.
DaraKhosrowshahi: And, Heath, just add a little bit more there. I think it's -this is almost across the board. We think that we can significantly improve cost of sales as a percentage of revenue. We think that we can improve our marketing spend and spend on incentives as a percentage of revenue as well, both in terms of the market rationalizing but our team's becoming much more effective in segmenting our consumer base and using targeted marketing in order to reach the right person at the right time. This company has been growing so fast over such a long period of time in so many countries that the teams really haven't been able to catch our breath and optimize. We now have team members going against every single P&L line item with specific projects et cetera to make sure that we can optimize and scale at the same time. We've done it with the Rides business already. There's more goodness to come we believe. And we believe we can kind of run the same play on Eats and the other businesses as well. So the teams are pretty focused. This stuff is not theoretical. There's execution ahead of us but we absolutely think we can pull this off.
DaraKhosrowshahi: Yes. I think as far as our trip growth goes, again keep things in perspective, a 31% trip grow 1.8 billion trips on a quarterly basis. These are very large numbers at significant scale. I think if I were to point some of the areas where we are making certain trade-offs as it relates to trip growth versus profitability, one would be our shared ride segment for example. We were losing significant sums in terms of our shared Rides really discounting and I think that the product and technology teams are much more focused on driving shared ride efficiency, building out new product like Express pool which we were way ahead of a competition that allows our consumers to essentially walk to a destination or wait. Products like Uber Extra Less that give you discount kind of lasting first-out et cetera. So the focus really is to drive lower rates based on the best technology out there versus just driving lower rates and grow through discounting. Building the tech is harder work but we think ultimately building the tech creates kind of deeper competitive advantages over the other players out there, and we think we simply have the best out there and we're certainly investing much more than any of the kind of local players can. In terms of 2021 targets, we will - these are our targets at this point and we haven't given formal guidance for 2021, but I will tell you that this will, we believe that we will be in a position to deliver very strong both top line and bottom line growth as a company at scale. There will always be trade-offs that we have to make but we're prepared to make those trade-offs and I think those kinds of tough trade-offs actually are positive for a culture of the company. So we want to be working on the very best ideas not just the average ideas.
DaraKhosrowshahi: Sure, Mark. In terms of rationalization, I think it's a combination of both rationalization and just more effective execution on the teams. We are in almost every single market out there we have two, three, four, five competitors out there. They are pushing very hard but the fact is we've got the biggest network out there. We have the best brand. We have technology that we build on a global basis that we can roll out. And I think that our teams are executing better and I think that the network effects that you've talked about are showing themselves. I think that some competitors were able to kind of buy their way or spend their way which might have hidden some of the network effects of this model. When the spending goes out then you see how well teams can execute. And I think our teams are executing well. So we're seeing rationalization in the US, we see lots of competitor behavior all over the world. But we can execute in a competitive environment and I think that we are demonstrating that. As far as the synergies of the Rides in each business, you see it now and the app that we're testing with the Rides business, when you open up, we're testing - you open up the Rides app, you have the opportunity to order your food. We have run some promotional campaigns for example with certain of our partners McDonald's where McDonald's gets the cross promote their brand to our ride owners. The loyalty program that we have encompasses both Rides and Eats, 18 million members in less than a year of launch in the US as well. And we do believe that our customer acquisition costs and retention are superior to our competitors out there, which again is a benefit of the platform coming together. We think this will prove out over a period of time but we're seeing really good early signal.
DaraKhosrowshahi: Yes. I think on our Rides business, listen, there's - as I said lots of competition out there but we are profitable in essentially almost every single mega region out there that we operate in. And we are seeing, I would say more predictability around our Rides business although there are competitive flare ups in every single market for example, we've seen competition enter in London, but and I think the teams are just executing better. If you went kind of back two or three years back, there were certain markets where we were the only competitor out there. I don't think there are any markets like that, so just competition is a way of life and the teams adjust and I think our teams are just executing much better than they were in what is a new tough environment. But I like where our margins are headed in that environment and by Nelson's remarks, when you've got markets that are today 60 plus percent in terms of adjusted EBITDA that gives you kind of a roadmap as to where we think we can take certainly not every single country or every single mega region. It just shows you that there's plenty of margin upside left in the business even with competition out there.
DaraKhosrowshahi: And, yes, I think as far as our New York City growth, we have seen significant price increases in New York City to the consumer out there. But the business is certainly growing from a booking standpoint. Those price increases are slowing down trip growth for, if you look at the last six months trip growth is still up on a year-over-year basis in New York for the six month period. We are definitely seeing the increased prices affect neighborhoods that might be in transit deserts that are more prices sensitive and we don't think that's a good thing for New York. And it's certainly not a good thing for those neighborhoods. But that the New York call it, example shows a business that continues to grow and it's quite resilient to the environment around it. Ultimately, there's a lot of demand for transportation and we're becoming kind of a more fundamental part of everyone's lives. And then our adding in other services such as Metro just kind of creates more occasions for people to come onto the app, whether they want to take an Uber or whether they want to take a pool or whether in many cases they want to take public transit.
DaraKhosrowshahi: Yes. I think we're the first company to stream real time earnings at the kind of scale that we are which is pretty exciting as Nelson said.
DaraKhosrowshahi: So I think year-on-year is going to be pretty attractive but quarter-on-quarter you might see some seasonal effects but the year-on-year that we see in Q4 is going to be pretty strong.
DaraKhosrowshahi: Sure, absolutely. So Germany is - just talking about Germany, Japan, Argentina, we're very optimistic on Germany. The growth rates there are very significant, year-on-year growth rates over a 100% in Germany on the Rides side of the business. We've also introduced JUMP bikes in Germany as well and Europe to some extent is kind of the center of the micro mobility revolution that we're seeing. And we're seeing incredible response to JUMP both in Germany and on balance in many European cities as well. And we've got a government working group on ride sharing reform which is in progress. And, listen, we think we're a more efficient environmentally friendly way to move in Germany. There are some for example laws that don't allow us to pool in Germany which really make no sense. And we're confident that with constructive dialogue and a continued investment in engaging with lawmakers in Germany, we can get to a win for Germany; we can get to a win for customers and which will also lead eventually to a win for Uber as well. For us Japan is a very promising market. It's kind of a taxi first market. I say the lead in Japan is actually Uber Eats product. Our category position in Uber Eats continue seeing improves significantly year-on-year. We are definitely leaning into the Japanese market as it relates to Eats. And we think Japan can be one of the very strong markets out there and certainly a market where we have the potential to get to that number position and a big kind of number one strategic number-one for us. We're diligently working in Japan as it relates to the Rides business growth is over 60% on year-on-year basis and we just launched Fukuoka for our tenth taxi market in Japan as well. It will take time; Japan always takes time but we're doing it the right way with the right relationships and Japan on the right side. Argentina for us is one of our fastest-growing markets, although I will tell you that with the change in government et cetera, we are being measured in our expectations. We want to make sure that we engage with the new policymakers and continue kind of the right dialogue which is how do we make sure that we are providing a service that is a benefit for the cities in which we operate, benefit for riders and drivers alike and most importantly safe for all parties involved. So Argentina has to date been quite positive and will be working kind of with new government out there to make sure that we are considered kind of a good actor or positive actor out there. As you know, in the UK, we continue to have dialogue with TFL, working closely with them and again when I look at the regulatory framework on a global basis, we always have ups or downs but the teams are making investments. And I think more and more cities and countries around the world are coming to the conclusion that Uber is a good thing for their country and Uber is a good thing for their City as well. As far as making connoisseur moves in terms of how we work. Listen, we're just - it's - this company grew very fast and in the early years the kind of the most important factor was speed to market, who got there earliest and who scaled the fastest. And so there wasn't a lot of focus on how do you make sure that you work efficiently? How do you make sure that the teams are working together? How do you make sure that you reduce duplicate work that might not be adding value? It was absolutely the right set of priorities for the time. Our priorities are changing. And now we can deliver scale growth which is technology enabled and leading to profits in 2021 on an EBITDA basis. That's a focus of the company and I think that requires more coordination and that absolutely will allow us to automate some tasks that were done manually. And also get rid of duplication that was an adding value. And we think that we've got kind of a roadmap ahead of us, and we're pretty confident that we can execute both top line and bottom line as a result.
DaraKhosrowshahi: Sure, listen, on AB5, we've been living under this law for 1.5 years in California since the dynamic decision and we've always existed with 85 like ABC tests in Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Connecticut. These are pretty big markets for us and we know states like New York and Washington. They've already suggested that they want to pursue gig worker protections and we're happy to work with them on solutions that look similar to the ballot measure that we filed. This has protections, representation pay standards as well. We're not afraid of these conversations and at the same time, we're not afraid to defend our model, if those conversations turn out to be unsuccessful. And I'm hoping that the US politicians would be willing to work with our industry, our partners to get to progressive new models that are win-win that frankly they're already being established in Europe. But if not, we'll continue to aggressively defend our drivers' rights to flexibility. It's always the number one reason why our drivers value our platform. The vast majority of our drivers are not full-time drivers. And we think that not only do they value that flexibility, but we should actively make sure that we defend that flexibility. And we would look to provide private benefits where we can to improve their lives as well. So this is going to take dialogue. We're up for that dialogue and one way or the other we think that our model will thrive and grow. As far as Cornershop goes, we think that grocery is a very high frequency use case. It has significantly high basket sizes. We were very impressed with a Cornershop team and as you can expect we meet with everybody in our industry and in adjacent categories as well. And we were just super impressed with this team that has been able to build out a great product with actually pretty limited capital out there. So what we - the opportunity that we see is you have a product that has been highly optimized over a long period of time. And we get to put that product through our sales channel so to speak. We get to expose it to our customers and we've seen it. When we expose our Eats product to our Rides customers, good things happen. When we expose Transit to our Rides customers good things happen. We see the same thing with grocery. We think with Cornershop we will start in Latin America to make sure that it's working. That's - we obviously have a very big position in Latin America. And we will expose Cornershop grocery as well as other products to our Eats customers and our Rides customers in Latin America. If it works there and we're pretty darn confident that it will. We'll look to extend it but first it'll be within the LATAM markets where Cornershop has a ton of experience. And this is just about putting a great product against a huge audience that is already engaged with all the payments, all the identity, all of that stuff taken care of. So taking out a ton of friction that a bunch of our competitors have to deal with. So we're pretty excited. It's a great team and we're really looking forward to welcoming them to the Uber family. So with that thank you everyone for joining us for the call. I think Q3 was another strong example of the Uber team executing. We're excited about the 2021 consolidated EBITDA profitability target that we have out there. And we hope that we've shown you that we can execute against not just delivering top-line growth, but also top-line growth with discipline. We could only do so with the really, really hard work of all of our employees on a global basis. And also the partnership of the cities that we work with. And our drivers et cetera. None of this would be possible without them. But we think we're on a good path. And we thank you for your interest in this call. And we'll hopefully have more to talk to you down the road. Thank you.
