Dara Khosrowshahi: Hi, Eric. You can’t generalize – every single market is different and unique based on the competitive factors. That said, the actions that we took in end of Q1, Q2 on the cost side, we believe, have structurally improved the profitability of our mobility business. So all things being equal, we talked about in January for the first two months, our mobility business had a 30% plus EBITDA margin. Those – during those months, the mobility business would actually deliver a higher EBITDA margin evenly at 30%. But when we look at the competitive landscape, every single country is different. There are some countries where we’re leaning into improved driver supply. There are some countries where some competitors are leaning in as well. But I – but generally, when we look at our profit profile coming out of the crisis, we see it as constructive overall as it relates to the whole portfolio. As far as the cross-marketing with – has gone, as I think the story of it tells the tale, which is we’ve basically taken this business from single-digit billion to $30 billion run rate. It’s all been organic. I think it has been on top of the mobility platform that we’ve had. It’s a technical platform. It’s an operations platform, and it’s also a brand that we’ve built off of. We did mention in the last quarter that we have seen increasing cost dispatch rate between our Rides driver, so to speak, who are moving over to delivering for Eats. We especially see that in markets that have more of a suburban profile. And those cross-dispatch percentages remain elevated. Although as we see the mobility business come back, kind of you’re seeing more of our drivers coming back and driving just on mobility. So, the cross-dispatch is the magic on the supply side. And then on the demand side, new eater acquisition remains very healthy. The number of eaters that we have per month remains healthy, and LTV is increasing actually pretty significantly, because basket sizes are up. Number of orders per eater are up and retention rates are up. So, when you put the combination of all three of those, higher basket size, higher retention, higher number of order per eater, then you’ve seen our revenue margins come up. Actually, all four of those factors point to a much, much significantly increased LTV on an eater basis. So like every single one of those trends is healthy, and we haven’t seen any signs of slackening or weakening on any of those trends.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Mark. We’ve been desperately looking for trends to identify ways in which the future would be different from the past, and frankly, we haven’t come up with any. So workday is back. Workday commute is back. Workday commute in a couple of these markets, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Sweden is already – was already at certain points above kind of pre-COVID highs. So while the hypothesis of stay-at-home is a strong one, it’s especially strong in tech corridors. The reality that we’re seeing is that as cities open up, then people get back to work, and that’s the only pattern that we can discern at this point. We talked about travel continuing to be weak, although even travel in France, airport trips are looking like they’re bouncing back. We’ll be watching this closely. Obviously, it’ll be very interesting for us to see if people aren’t going to commute as much as they did in the past. My belief, is that if they move from a big city to a smaller city, well, we’re going to expand into the smaller cities. And if they don’t go to work, people will kind of get out of their house, and Uber is going to be a consistent utility, a consistent way of folks to have access to mobility without having to pay thousands of dollars for a car and will be kind of an increasing and improving use case in people’s lives. It may change the exact use cases by place, but we haven’t seen any signs now that there would be any kind of permanent damage to the business. I’d say, on the contrary, based on some markets that have come back and have opened up, we’ve seen the business bounce right back.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then as far as AB5 Prop 22, listen, I think the point of Prop 22 for us is that we do think that there’s a better way. The vast majority of drivers who drive either on our platform or on Lyft or couriers, et cetera, do so on a part-time basis, do not want to be employees and value the flexibility that they get using our platforms. And what we’ve offered with Prop 22, we think, is the best of both worlds, which is the flexibility that the vast majority of drivers want who use platforms like ours, along with protection – social protections, wage protection, health care, et cetera, which we think now is an expectation of society, and it’s completely appropriate to this new way of working. So, when we look at Prop 22, it makes all the sense in the world. It is actually what drivers want. We’ve got more than 75,000 drivers that are already supporting the campaign. And again, on a 4:1 margin, drivers prefer to remain independent, so we think it makes all the sense in the world. Now the ballot initiative is moving. We think we’ve got a great message. We’ve got terrific supporters in the community as well who actually care about drivers versus labor unions and politics. They actually are taking into account the wants and needs of drivers and safety – ridership safety, prices, availability, of mobility to a wide swath of the cities. And we think it’s a better position, and we’re confident in our position as far as the ballot campaign goes. In the courts, obviously, it’s going to be up to the judiciary to determine whether AB5 applies to us. We have made significant changes to our business models. Riders pay drivers directly. Drivers have a full understanding of the ride before they make a decision to accept a ride or not accept the ride. Drivers can set their own price. We even have a product, a subscription product of drivers, where they can buy a subscription from us and secure a number of leads. And essentially, that driver then secures leads and get 100% of the payment of any ride that they provide, and they can accept rides or not accept rides. It’s completely up to them. We’re essentially out of the transaction. We’re a subscriber – or a subscription provider leads to those drivers. So we think we’ve got a great road as it relates to Prop 22. And we also think that we have a very strong position, which is based on fact and based on how we’ve changed our product in the courts as well. And time will tell whether or not the legislature or the voters and the courts agree with our position.
Dara Khosrowshahi: We think that some of the changes were a headwind as it relates to our market share in California. For example, acceptance rates for drivers went down in certain circumstances that a driver didn’t want to pick them on up or drop someone off at a certain area. So we do think that our category position in California did hurt as a result of the changes. Now volumes are down. So it didn’t have a significant effect on our overall trip volume. When we look at our category position on a nationwide basis in the U.S., it’s pretty flat since January. No significant change.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Hi, Richard. I’ll start with Rides, and I’ll finish on delivery. Listen, I think on the rides market, what we’ve seen – the pattern that we’ve seen and as it relates to the competitive environment is ourselves, our largest competitor, has transitioned from focusing on incentives to buy or establish share or category position to focusing on service and focusing on brand and focusing on technology to establish category position. We think that’s healthy competition, and we like our position as it relates to brand and service and what kind of service our technology can deliver. I don’t expect it to change. I do think that in the early parts of the recovery in the U.S. we are seeing less drivers on balance come back onto the platform than elsewhere in the world. That could have something to do with unemployment checks. So, we will be putting some incentives into the market. Nelson talked about revenue margin trends in Q3 versus Q2 in the mobility segment. That’s because we intend to lean in a little bit to make sure that we have kind of the right kind of liquidity in the U.S. market. Outside of the U.S. competitive position again, there are certain flare-ups, but we’re very confident. And overall, you see our mobility profitability in Q1. Even in a very tough quarter, we think our profitably profile will improve in Q2, Q3, Q4. We don’t see – Q3, Q4. We don’t see any change there. As far as the delivery segment goes, look, the U.S. is a very competitive market. Obviously, you’ve got DoorDash, you’ve got Grubhub, but then you’ve got Amazon in the marketplace. You’ve got grocery players, et cetera. This is a broad market. We don’t define it as just food. As I said in my prepared remarks, we’re really thinking about overall local commerce, and we see lots of competition. But also, we see a very large category, a historic kind of demand wave behind us. And we think within a competitive environment, we can have constructive margin profiles going forward.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Richard, sometimes when we see a significant dislocation in demand, and this is a dislocation that was positive when COVID happened, we saw huge spikes in demand in many, many markets. We just had difficulty catching up in terms of couriers available and the dependability of the network. So in those situations, sometimes we will take up incentives to make up for the dislocation. Then the marketplace tends to start to get into some kind of equilibrium, and then you can start taking incentives down. So, when we look at courier incentives, cost per transaction, now that we are more – now that we see more of an equilibrium, now that more restaurants are joining our service so that we can batch more, we see cost of courier kind of moving in a constructive direction.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think that we don’t want to say quarter-to-quarter, but you’ve seen our take rates improve pretty consistently. We think that the take rate path is a positive path. So we see upside as it relates to our take rate. We talked about net revenue margin, long-term revenue margins of 50% for delivery business, and we’re confident we can achieve those margins and potentially higher margins going forward. You should note that Q4 from a seasonality basis has – it’s kind of pressurized on take rate. So, on a year-on-year basis, it will be kind of Q4-over-Q4. Year-on-year, the trends are going to be – should be positive. But from Q3 to Q4, there’s usually some seasonality in Q4 as it relates to revenue margins.
Dara Khosrowshahi: It looks like we’re missing the last question. All right, everyone. Thank you very much for joining us in Q2, it was a tough quarter. But I am just incredibly proud of how the teams executed. I think that we pivoted in a big way. We took some tough actions as it relates to costs. We said goodbye to some near and dear colleagues of ours, but we have secured the path forward. And while we can’t predict the rate of recovery, we’ve got a business that is just moving in an incredibly positive direction as it relates to delivery. And on the mobility side, we are seeing the bounce-back where countries are bouncing back. I think we’ve proven to you again and again that we can deliver and that when cities open up, Uber opens up. And we’re very hopeful of what we see going forward within the context of a very, very tough environment. There has been this kind of hopeful look forward. It’s only possible because of incredibly hard work of our employees and the drivers and couriers, who are out there on the front line. So many, many thanks to everyone involved, and thank you, everyone, for joining.
Nelson Chai: Yes. Sure. So, in terms of the growth trend, our maps are up 70% in the second quarter year-over-year, accelerating in July. The new eaters in the second quarter were up over 50%. We’re seeing double-digit increases in basket size. And if you think about stay-at-home orders, we are – one of the reasons that’s driving our take rate improvement is just higher basket sizes. And so we are seeing good trends and seeing good trends even in July.
Nelson Chai: Justin, I’ll start and Dara will take the second question. Really, we’ve seen improvement across the overall delivery space, and you heard it in our upfront comments, and you see it in the press release. And if you think about what are the markets that are doing quite well, we have a very strong market position. It’s a market that does have a very high propensity of 3P business, and the take rates are strong. And it’s really that straightforward. And we’re doing a better job in terms of operating the business and getting better efficiency. And so we are seeing that play out, and we’re even hearing in India, which you know in past calls we would call out because of how challenging it is. Even in a market like India today, the unit economics are improving as we see through our investment in Zomato. So I think what you’re seeing right now, at least in this COVID world, is the margins are improving. There’s more reliance. There’s more stay at home. There’s more small businesses, and it really is driving better unit economics because of the basket sizes improving the take rates. And again, we believe that as we continue to do it, we will lean into certain marketplaces. We try to grow and take advantage of the growth, and you’re seeing the tremendous growth we’re having. But we are confident in terms of our profitability path in this business over the next couple of years.
Nelson Chai: Yes, sure. So look, I think that, as you know, you saw from the top line that our top line grew tremendous, and you saw me go through the statistics before. So, it’s not surprising on an absolute basis you’re going to see that number go up. We are doing a better job in terms of courier efficiency in other parts of the country. Some of them are a little bit business model changes. So there have been a few countries where we’ve gone onshore and have seen the benefit of that in our courier efficiency. We will continue to focus on driving that and building the business. We don’t manage the business for the next delivery. And we are trying to work with our tech teams to continue to allow us to batch more efficiently. But ultimately, we want to make sure we provide the best experience we can for the end users. So it’s – you’ll see us continue to innovate, continue to work on it. It is an area that as we looked at Postmates, they’re actually – they do a very, very good job of. It’s something that – when we looked at what they were doing, it’s something that we think they do very well. And so I think you’ll see us continue to do a better job in terms of optimizing both batching and continuing to improve courier efficiency.
Nelson Chai: Yes. I’ll start and I’ll let Dara handle the back half of that question. So in terms of our path to profitability and our confidence, it is a number of different things. We believe we have enough things at our disposal. You saw us take the size of action in the second quarter. You saw us narrow our focus as a company in terms of our core businesses. At the end of the day, the single biggest driver of what quarter next year is really going to be on the COVID recovery and its impact on our mobility business. And so we have different scenarios out there depending on what outcome happens in terms of – does the market recover, but is it going to stay where it is today, which is roughly down 50. Does it actually start improving? Let’s say, it’s down 25%. Does it actually get that book down 10? Or does it actually get back to 2019? And depending on where that recovery comes, that will really dictate the timing of 2021. And so as we get a little bit more visibility, it seems like, particularly here in the U.S., things have only gotten murkier and not clear over the past few weeks here. But as that comes, we’ll have a better view in terms of which quarter we think we’ll get profitability. We are going to continue to build out and improve the economics of the delivery business. We will continue to invest in it, but we are going to continue to – the investment there. And then you saw us take the decisive cost actions. So again, we will get a better sense as we have a better sense on the COVID recovery.
