Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Brian. Absolutely. So, in general, as far as new business goes, you know there is a silver lining to this unbelievably tragic COVID virus, which is the business that we have of Eats and the category in general, just looks like it is going to be substantially increased and somewhat say by multiples, and we had already signed up an agreement to buy the majority of Cornershop, which is a very big grocery player in LatAm as well. And so, we know the grocery segment, we've got a great team from Cornershop who's working on grocery, and essentially, we're going to bring Cornershop and when that deal closes, and hopefully give the Cornershop audience the significant kind of exposure that our Rides app and our Eats app brings on a global basis. We haven't closed yet, so we don't have specific plans, but you can imagine the opportunity there. So, as far as new opportunity goes, you know, the new opportunities aren't a stretch. The big opportunity that we thought Eats was just got bigger. You can see that from the acceleration of our Q1 growth rates, which actually beat our own internal plans, and Q2, growth rates are substantially increased, and then with grocery, we've already started with some essentials as it relates to Eats, we've got grocery coming in. And then we're developing some new services, such as Uber Connect and Uber Direct, where retailers can send packages, and also we can send [P2B packages] as well. So when you put this all together, actually the core business and the opportunities in the core business look much bigger, and we don't have to look far for very substantial continuing growth going forward. That's how we look at it. And then as far as safety for riders and drivers go, you know, we have been leaders and safety, safety has been an absolute priority of this company ever since I joined. We were leaders in terms of safety for riders and drivers previously, and now we're absolutely looking at – it's a combination of logistics and technology. We're shipping millions of PPE and masks, cleaning supplies, etcetera to our drivers to make sure that that first drive and the second and continuing drugs that our riders take are safe and they feel safe. And we are looking at technologies such as for example, our selfie technology, where we make sure that the driver who has been – who signed up is the actual driver who's driving, we can use that technology, for example, potentially, to make sure that the driver is wearing a mask where appropriate. So, we're absolutely exploring technology and you need a combination of technology, logistics, and local knowhow in order to operate safely at the kind of scale that we do on a Global basis. So, we absolutely believe we’re going to be the leaders in defining the safety of this platform going forward.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Heath from a macro standpoint, I would say rationalization both in the Rides category and in the food category has been the name of the game. All of these competitors have been burning money for a long time. We're really unique in the Rides category of scale and that we're global and in Rides very, very profitable. Our EBITDA margins were running over 30% as a percentage of A&R in Jan, Feb. And I think in the Eats category, in the food category, you were seeing a bunch of consolidation. There's a bunch of consolidation happening on a global basis, where bigger players can not only provide better service for restaurants and consumers, but can provide a better service kind of on an economic basis that that is sustainable. I do think there's a question, which is, this food delivery grocery category just got a lot bigger. There's a ton of new customers coming to this category. And what we're seeing with a category is the biggest challenge is kind of new customer acquisition, then there's very high frequency, very high satisfaction of the product. So, we think there's, there's just kind of this booster in terms of the category. My instinct is that the commercial and the capital kind of rationalization is still going to continue, but it is a big category and big categories that just got bigger tend to attract some capital. So, my instinct is, you know, you'll see similar plays from other players. The market seems to like rationalization, and I think ultimately the markets are going to drive long-term behavior, but you know, the category got bigger and capital chases the category and certainly growth is at a premium right now. So, we'll see. It's hard to be absolutely productive.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, Doug. You know, the loyalty of both our Riders and drivers is based on the service that we provide them. And we want to make sure, you know, that that our drivers feel safe. And I do think that in the recovery scenario, as these countries open up, our platform is going to be an incredibly important platform for people to start earning again. So, I think if we bring the volume and we have a structural advantage in that, our volume with Rides is not only going to come back and you know, we don't know exactly how fast it’s going to come back, but it's on the comeback trail, but having Eats just provide the structural advantage, and ultimately, it's about the service that takes care of them in terms of safety. And then it's the ability to earn again, during a time, when you know, the economic damage to a lot of folks in need has been very, very significant. And you also remember that we were consistently, you know, first, and for example providing our drivers with help if they were diagnosed with COVID or they have to shelter-at-home. So, I think we've consistently shown leadership and we're there for them and you know, we're not going to stop them from working on any other platform or using any other platform or an open platform, but I think if we're consistent, we take care of them and we give them an opportunity to earn, I think we'll be just fine. As far as our ATG investments, listen, I think this is from a long-term standpoint. ATG has always been a long-term investment, you could hypothesize that some people are going to be – are going to feel safer with a car that is driven by a robot than a person. Our job number one is to make sure that they feel safe with the person driving, but the fundamental ATG technology, its relevance, the market size hasn't changed. That said, in a market like this, where capital is dear and we bring discipline to everything that we do, we are asking every part of the company that includes ATG, to make sure that every dollar you spend is $1 that brings a return and that's going to include the ATG Group, as well as other groups.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Eric, in terms of supply, we are absolutely improving on the supply front, both on absolute basis and relative to our competitors as well. We've signed up Chipotle, we signed up Shake Shack, we've got Dunkin on our platform as well. So, there are big brands that are coming onto our platform that that creates more demand. And the more choice we have, the more restaurants we have available per search, we see conversion going up. So, I think on the on the restaurant supply front, we are making progress, we are not satisfied. We think that there's significant progress to be made. And what's interesting is, we're seeing the kind of acceleration in growth rates that we're seeing in April, and it continues in May, if anything is improving. Despite my belief and I think the team's belief that we can do better on the supply front. So, if I were to characterize our Eats business, we're not fully optimized on supply. We're still signing up a ton of restaurants. These restaurants need us and we want to make sure we're there for them, and right now the trends in terms of supply look very, very good. Now, I do think that the big brands and the national brands or the global brands are really important elements of our marketplace. I would make sure folks know that our small and medium restaurants still account for the vast majority of our volume and are a big part or are going to continue to be a big part of our volume going forward. So, the big brands are kind of great customer acquisition vehicles. They're terrific food quality. They're safe. They bring a lot of folks in, but small and medium businesses and restaurants continue to be a significant part of our business and our growth going forward. In terms of the margins, revenue margins, you've seen the trends and I think we can continue to improve revenue margins. This is about generally SMBs have higher margins. We are improving our courier efficiencies. The more demand we have kind of the more concentration we can have in market. We can batch more couriers, courier’s kind of carrying more than one package, etcetera. And in general, better technology can improve our revenue margin as far as utilization goes as well. So, I do think that the take rate improvements that you have seen are going to continue. And we're quite confident there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And just to just to give folks a little more character on SMBs, you know SMP gross bookings grew at three times the pace of our non SMP business from February to April. So, SMB is growing really, really quickly, and our SMB self service business grew at 70%, which is like five times the pace of non-SMB businesses over the same period. So, this is SMB structurally, one is, we're helping a lot of these restaurants stay in business during incredibly difficult times. So, it's like we're doing good, but it's also structurally good for the business going forward.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, absolutely. I think as far as social distancing and working either with cities or states or countries listen we're going to be responsible. We want to be part of the solution, and not part of the problem. And you've seen that, for example, with our app when there were shelter-in-place and someone tried to use the Uber app, we'd make sure that they really needed to use the Uber app. We're now focused much more on PPE making sure that our drivers have masks, shipping cleaning supplies, advising Riders on the norms for them to ride as well, because we want everyone to be safe, Riders wearing masks or encouraging them to wear mask, encouraging them to wash hands, etc. So, we're a very big platform and as part of being a big platform, we're going to work with city, states, and our constituencies to make sure that we are helping educate the public so that we can have a return to the kind of the life that we all loved, but also do so in a responsible way, and we're absolutely going to be part of that solution. And as far as transit goes, again, you can see some of the partnerships that we’re striking with transit agencies. We are going to be there step-by-step, and to be part, again of turning these cities back on, but making sure that we're turning it back on in a safe way. Alright, next question.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, Mark. I think in these times of crisis, you have to keep things simple. We have an incredible opportunity. It's not a new opportunity, but it just got a lot bigger, and it's called eats. And we have Rides, which is the only global player, number one, and basically everywhere that we operate with margin. So, we're going to focus on that core, because that core is really, really strong. And we think those two together can work incredibly well. There is a really interesting opportunity for Uber Eats business, to get into grocery, both organically and with our acquisition of Cornershop. And then with both Rides and Eats, we are going to absolutely work on package delivery because we just think it's going to be a much bigger part of retail and general going forward, and we can play our part. So, the good news is that the growth opportunity is in the core, and we already have global scale in the core, and we have great business leaders, great technical leaders in that core as well. And we're going to focus on that right now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, we were making strong progress on the [clavis markets]. You know, Germany was a great highlight, and very growing at triple digits essentially, pre-COVID. Argentina was a very promising market for us that was growing quickly. I’d say that our Clavis markets in general, were growing about 70% on a pre-COVID basis. There is no reason to think that structurally post-COVID anything is going to change. I think Germany has done a great job of opening up their markets, so to speak. And as these markets open up, we're going to open up with them, and we're going to do so in a safe way.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, we don't think that there's going to be a significant change with the TFL. We're going to have our day in court. We're confident of the changes that we made to the service. We think that we are setting a bar for safety. We have been setting a bar for safety and I think we're improving on our own bar for safety, and now with COVID, we're going to keep upping the ante so to speak in terms of safety. We have a great partnership with National Health Service to help, while people are in need of help. It's tough to tell as to whether COVID is going to delay things one way or the other, but I don't think it substantially changes the relationship, and we are confident of our position and you know, I think that we'll see, we'll have our day in court and we like our chances. Next question.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. So, in terms of the Eats growth and is a sustainable, listen it's very difficult to predict what's happening in these markets. It certainly does seem to be sustainable over this period. If anything that trends with Eats are getting better and the trends that we described in April were trends during periods in which some big European markets in terms of restaurants etcetera were closed. So, we're optimistic of trends in the category. And we think that the capability of the team is only improving as well. We're very happy with the execution that we see. So, did the category just get much bigger? Yes. Did millions of millions of new customers essentially try out the category? Yes. And are we in a superior position to be one of those services that they try and then continue to engage with? Yes. So, I think we're in a great position, but I think it'd be foolish to try to predict, you know, particulars in terms of growth rates. We are optimistic as it relates to Eats. In general on the grocery side, Cornershop is, you know, our big play there. We've an asset acquisition. Cornershop is quite focused in Latin America; you know that we have a very big rides business in Latin America. So, Latin America is can be, not only a big market, but also high margin market as well. And I think in the U.S. right now just the category is so big that we think that there's going to be room for more than one player. And we have, you know, very big scale in terms of audience. We're in many of these cities already. So, we just have the infrastructure to be able to get started in these cities that we choose to get started in the cities in a very low cost way versus someone kind of starting up in the category. We saw kind of very, very strong early signs from grocery just with essentials. And I do think it's something that can scale and we can be one of the scale players, but we're going to do so in a careful way. We're not going to buy our way into share. We're going to earn our way. And I think we're in a pretty good position to earn our way.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. Brian, it's a good question. I think in general, the category – it makes a lot of sense. I mean, the national players are smart. They're incredible marketers. I mean, they built these incredible brands, and you can expect them to allocate brand to where the growth is. So, I would absolutely not be surprised to see a McDonald's Chipotle or other national brands, focus their advertising more on delivery. I don't think it's a hard sell right now. And I think that it's going to benefit them. And it's going to benefit the category as well. I do think that for us advertising in general, on Eats, especially, is a pretty interesting category. When I was in the olden days, when I was running Expedia, advertising and travel turned out to be a very fast growing category that was incredibly high margin. You've seen leading players like Amazon that have built product search, and then build advertising on top of product search as well. And I think that we've got the same opportunity with Eats. So when we talk about the revenue margin opportunity for Eats, that's really a revenue margin opportunity for the pure play, and we think that there's an advertising opportunity with Eats as well, just as you see MCAPs and supermarkets. You know, you could see MCAPs in the Eats feed, for example. So it's early, but we have seen this play run before. And we have an excellent engineering team who can build pretty fast. And we're quite optimistic as far as the advertising opportunity inside of the Eats product, and then eventually it might go to the Rides products as well. So, with that, I think that's it. I would like to thank everyone for joining us. This is an extraordinary time. So, we appreciate the time. And again, I do want to thank everyone at Uber, all the employees. I think this has been a very, very tough time, but I think that we as a company have risen to the occasion. There's a lot of hard work ahead of us, but I know that as a company, we're more than up for it. So, thank you very much for joining. We'll talk to you next quarter and stay safe.
Nelson Chai: Yeah, so Just airports are important to us, but as Dara said in his prepared remarks, you know, 80% of our gross bookings are actually delivered from the user's home. So, for us, airports are about 15% of our Rides gross bookings, and about 16% of our Rides segment, EBITDA. So it is important and we do expect that that recovery will take a little bit longer.
Nelson Chai: The only other thing I would add is that you can [here to see] exit non-performing countries, like we did yesterday, earlier this week, and like we did in India, and so we're going to continue to optimize and you know, work hard in our capital allocation model.
Nelson Chai: They're not. I would be happy to. So, yes, we did make the move and as everybody knows, those are tough decisions that have to be made. We do expect that as business continues to grow, I don't think we will, you'll see us adding back at that same level. As you know, the companies have been very much focused on efficiency and what we call contactless service. And we've been seeing good marks there. And so you'll see us continue and then the only other thing I'd want to add is that, you know, we're continuing to look across our business and our platform for more efficiencies, and so you should make sure that as you get off the call that you hear that. I think the deal that you saw today that we did with Lime as well is also a good proxy. The reality is, the world has changed, right? And so we don't know when the recovery is going to be. We think we're very well-positioned today. It's [incumbent] upon us to make sure we come out of this even stronger and better positioned. It's not lost upon us, we are going to take the actions that we think are necessary that we continue to strengthen our core Rides in these businesses and there is no sacred cows. And so we are going to look at everything across the whole platform and so that is something that is going on right now.
