Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Deepa. Q2 was another record quarter for Uber and further demonstrated our ability to deliver profitable growth at scale. Gross bookings grew 21% on a constant currency basis, consistent with trip growth. Our audience expanded 14% while frequency grew 6%, supported by 7.4 million drivers and couriers globally. At the same time, adjusted EBITDA grew 71% year-on-year and we generated record quarterly GAAP operating income. These are super strong results that we’re proud of, but I also understand there are two big questions out there that I want to address before we head into Q&A. First, the strength of the consumer and how Uber will perform in a recession. Based on what we’re seeing today, the Uber consumer is in great shape. Our audience is bigger than ever and using our services more frequently than ever. While our consumers tend to be higher income, we’re not seeing any softness or trading down across any income cohort. Were the current macroeconomic fears to materialize, we’re confident that Uber can perform well because of the countercyclical nature of our platform. On the mobility side, more driver supply brings down prices for riders and improves reliability, and on the delivery side, merchants are investing in performance channels like ours for growth, improving selection and affordability for consumers. In fact, in Q2 the number of first-time consumers on Uber Eats in the U.S. was higher than at any point over the past five quarters. It’s clear that delivery is much more habitual than many assumed, made even more so by our Uber One membership, which now covers 50% of delivery gross bookings. We’ll continue to drive consistent top line growth while expanding GAAP operating income. Our track record of making and then exceeding our commitments should give investors confidence that we’ve built the capital discipline and operational muscle to perform well in any scenario. Second, autonomous - put simply, Uber is uniquely positioned to offer tremendous value for AV players looking to deploy their technology at scale. While the operation of a ride hail network may seem simple, our technology obscures a huge amount of complexity. We support roughly one million trips per hour and our average ETA globally is approximately four minutes. That’s possible because of marketplace tech that makes over 10 million predictions per second, and more mundanely, we handled more than 25 million lost items in just last year alone. We also know that a key factor in AV commercialization will be asset utilization. AV players will need to ensure that their expensive assets are being used as close to 24 hours a day as possible while also managing the daily and weekly peaks and valleys of ride hail activity. Uber can provide enormous demand without AV players needing to invest capital towards acquiring customers or building the marketplace tech that delivers reliability at the standard that consumers have come to expect. That’s all to say that Uber will be an indispensable partner for AV players of all sorts. We’re in late stage discussions with additional global AV players to join our platform and will have more announcements in the coming weeks and months. Thanks to the Uber team for another great quarter. With that, Operator, let’s open the call for questions.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Then Brian, I think you had asked about our strategy to reinvest to drive, let’s say, AV growth versus profits. Generally we are able to lean into our newer products, so for example if you look at moto, which are two wheelers in Latin America and a number of developing countries, if you look at our shared product, UberX Share, where we get more than one passenger in a vehicle, or even taxis, those newer products are growing faster than the base business and their margins are substantially lower than the base business, but we’re able to-- as we scale, we’re able to leverage our cost base, our technology improvements in terms of targeting, in terms of CPT all allow us to have a profit envelope to be able to be reinvest into our newer products - AV is one of those new products, while overall increasing profit margins. This is something that we’ve been doing for years, and we think AV will be part of the same equation. I don’t--you know, AV is not something that we’re going to look to make substantial profits from over the next five to 10 years, and that’s just fine because we’ll be able to build a lot of liquidity in the marketplace to continue on the path that we have been operating in over the past five years.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just one very encouraging trend on grocery and retail is that ad spend on grocery and retail has more than tripled on a year-on-year basis - obviously that’s very high margin product, and we are continuing to expand our CPG product now into a bunch of new countries, so the momentum there is terrific to see.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes Eric, so what we’re seeing in terms of delivery is the long term growth is incredibly promising, and especially our ability to expand into the adjacent category of grocery and retail. The grocery and retail TAM is actually bigger than the online food delivery TAM, so not only do we believe we’ve got a long runway in online food delivery but we’re just getting started as it relates to grocery and retail. We now have 1.1 million merchants on the platform - that’s up 13%. Our merchant penetration in most countries still is very low, well under 50%, and every time we add a merchant, because we have more diversity of choice, average conversion tends to improve for consumers who are kind of searching for their favorite restaurant or favorite dessert place, and each merchant gives us actually another item to market against as it relates to search engine optimization or search engine marketing in third party channels as well. So new merchants add conversion, choice, and actually are another item to market against, and we’re a very, very long way in terms of full merchant penetration in the marketplace. It all results in either retention being up globally in every single mega region just in June on a year-on-year basis, so right now we believe there’s a very, very long runway for growth. The more consumers use our products in a multi-product way, whether it’s a mobility user using delivery or a delivery user buying from grocery and retail, the more they transact on the platform, multi-product consumers spend three times more than single product consumers, and for us, the more products we add to the marketplace, the more this benefit adds onto it, and then on top of that, you add our membership product as well, which is now over 50% of bookings. The volumes are strong, we are not having to buy our way into strong volumes, we’re kind of earning our way into strong volumes, and I think the fundamentals are going to be there for some time to come. In terms of our portfolio, we had made the strategic decision a few years ago, probably three or four years ago to exit markets that we didn’t think we could either be the number one or number two, and if we’re the number two, the ability to move to a number one position. We’ve gained category position in delivery in every one of our top 10 markets on a year-on-year basis. It’s a function of the great execution of our operations team, the technology that we’re shipping, and then the power of the platform. There’s no other global player who operates both in mobility and delivery or has as broad a platform as we do, so we’re very happy with our portfolio, so to speak, and I think the results speak for themselves.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, absolutely. In terms of peak and trough, while we haven’t disclosed the numbers, there are very, very significant peaks during rush hour both ways, obviously in the mornings and going home, during after-hours drinks, etc. We are able to shape demand and supply--actually, demand through surge when we need to, and supply, obviously positioning our drivers through incentives either on a temporal basis or on a geographic basis, if there’s a concert going on, etc. The good news there is that through our incentive structure, essentially those are variable costs for us. We will pay more during those peak periods and then when we don’t need supply, we can take incentives out, so we have a model where essentially we’re able to shape supply to match demand in a variable basis. I think that in an AV world, the car is there at all times, so you kind of have to pay the overhead for the car and the amortization of the car during all periods, so we think kind of hybrid network that can--that consists of both humans and robots can handle the peaks and valleys much more effectively than a pure play network. In terms of AV partnerships, etc., I would tell you, Nikhil, that based on the conversations that we’re having, we are highly, highly confident of being able to acquire AV content, if you want to call it that, on a global basis. The fact is this is not turning out to be a winner take all market - originally, I think that was the concept why Uber wanted to develop the technology itself, but every single OEM is investing in some L2 or L3 technology. If you look at some of the newer tech coming in terms of imitation learning technologies that have taken the imagination of folks through LOMs, that same technology, we believe can potentially introduce a new wave of AV through imitation learning at substantially lower capital costs that was necessary historically, so we think there are going to be many, many AV providers. If there are many, many AV providers, the marketplace--and our marketplace is by far the largest marketplace, global marketplace both for mobility, delivery, and then freight as well, the marketplace will have a very, very strong position. At this point, we don’t see any signal that a Plan B will be necessary. Also, take note that we have investments, strategic investments in a number of AV players - Aurora, we’re working with Waymo, for example, and there are other investments that we have in AV players to make sure that Plan A is the right plan going forward. So far, I’d say so good, and as I mentioned in my remarks, we will have more partnerships to announce in the next weeks and months, and I think the market will see--you’ll see that Plan B isn’t necessary.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Then just on the sponsored listings part of the business, the growth continues pretty significantly. We’re a bit over 1% of delivery gross bookings through advertising, we had a target of 2%-plus. We think that target is certainly achievable, and actually for grocery and retail, we think that the number can be well over 2% based on what we see in terms of competitors, what we see in terms of what Amazon is doing. The focus for us with sponsored listings right now is increasing the number of monetizable impressions per user session through introducing new ad formats and placements, and really increasing the monetization of search in a smart way that doesn’t hurt the core consumer experience, so we have holdout to make sure that advertising is a complement to our eater experience and at the same time is a targeted way for merchants to reach their audience. If you think about sponsored listings, sponsored listings tend to improve audience for a particular merchant, and then merchant-funded offers, because of the price nature of those offers, tends to improve conversion as well. For Uber profitability, the sponsored listings business is more profitable for Uber but we think merchant-funded offers are a very important strategic part of our drive to improve the affordability of the overall marketplace, and increasingly we’re working with merchants to be able to move money from sponsored listings to merchant-funded offers in a back and forth and a targeted way to achieve what their goals are. The team is doing a great job. We continue to invest in our sales team, and the technical teams continue to ship some pretty impressive product out there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, absolutely. For mobility ads, we haven’t introduced a target in terms of the percentage of gross bookings. We are very, very sensitive to the fact that people come to Uber looking for a ride first, and to the extent that we introduce them to some of the premium brands that are advertising with us, we want to make sure that that experience is an excellent experience for the rider and also an excellent experience for the advertiser. It’s resulting in some very strong ad engagement from riders - click-through rates are over 2.5% compared to industry averages that are less than 1%, so I think for us, the focus is more on quality versus quantity, and I think that we’ll continue that focus going forward. The contribution of advertising is very, very positive in terms of newer ad formats that we are introducing, improving targeting capabilities, and then also investments in measurement and attribution for our ad partners, so we’re very, very happy with the progress here, but I don’t want to put a percent target because the experience of the rider comes first. In terms of Instacart and the trends there, we’re very encouraged by the trends there. We talked about Instacart baskets being 20% higher than our base basket sizes, and we’re seeing the demand come from a lot of suburban markets - you know, it kind of matches the Instacart geographic penetration, so we do think that the incrementality of the volume from Instacart is quite strong, and I’d say so far the partnership has been an excellent one.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, thank you very much everyone for joining the call, and a huge thank you to the team at Uber. Prashanth and I and Deepa get to talk to investors about all the accomplishments and the consistent execution of the team, but it’s actually the teams on the ground, the technical teams who deliver in good markets, bad markets, uncertain markets, and we certainly wouldn’t have the kind of execution that we’ve had without everyone at Team Uber contributing, so big thank you to Team Uber.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I will, thanks Dara. I think, Brian, your question was on mobility growth, so maybe I’ll start with just restating how we did for Q2 and our outlook for Q3. For Q2, the results that we printed, if you do it at a constant currency, very strong at 27% year-over-year growth. For Q3, we’re looking for sort of a repeat in that mid-20s range, again on a constant currency basis. But when you dig into why do we have such confidence in the mobility business, I would take you back to the framework we talked about in February, that mobility over the three years that we gave you should be growing at the mid-teens or better, and that’s coming from a couple items. On the user side, we still believe that we have a pretty massive TAM that we can go after. We’re continuing to drive product innovation, and we talked about a couple of those at Go Get earlier this year, and we’re continuing to find new demographics in areas to continue to expand in. Maybe one data point on TAM that I think is helpful for folks is our monthly penetration of consumers, and we define that as folks who are over 18 years, is less than 20% across our top 10 countries, so a lot of room to run there. Another key driver will be frequency, which I think folks understand to be how our monthly active--how many times our monthly actives engage with the platform. We are launching new products, continuing to improve reliability so that when you call for an Uber, we’re able to get you one at a time that you’re looking for, and of course the benefits of membership. Only about half of our riders take one to two trips per month, so again plenty of upside there to continue to drive this as a more frequent daily use case.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, so I think your question was on delivery profitability. Although we don’t--we don’t want to draw attention to incremental margins, we did have a pretty terrific quarter for incremental margins in delivery - 10% for the second quarter, so putting a little context around that. We are clearly seeing the benefits of scale as it runs through the delivery business and we still have many levers that we’re continuing to tune to drive that profitability in delivery. That includes some incredible tech that the team has built that continues to drive down the cost per transaction--cost per trip in terms of operational improvements. We’ve got great improvements in advertising - I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks that’s now running in excess of a billion dollars on a run rate basis, and continuing to find ways, both operationally and with tech, to reduce some of our other costs like refunds and appeasements, which are still a bit of a drag on the delivery segment. You know, the fact that we were able to grow delivery profitability while continuing to have very strong growth in grocery really is a good indicator of how much strong growth we’re seeing in that profitability. I think delivery EBITDA was up by 25 basis points sequentially, and that is despite grocery growing at a substantially faster rate than delivery. In grocery profitability, it’s what we’ve talked about in the past - you know, using the power of the platform, we can bring down the customer acquisition cost and drive those cost efficiencies. We’ve got 15% of our Eats customers are now using grocery - that’s up about 200 basis points year-over-year as of middle of the year, and we’re seeing retention on grocery also improving. I mentioned the ads revenue, and then also starting--given that our selection’s improving, we’re also driving down consumer promotions and continuing to add more and more merchants onto the platform - we mentioned Costco, and I think in the press release or prepared remarks, we also mentioned a couple other grocers. All in all, things are on track to where we gave you in our three-year model, and grocery is continuing to be a strong story for our delivery business.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Eric, as someone who’s been in the business coming up now on my one-year anniversary soon, I’m surprised--I was surprised to learn how sticky the food delivery business is. It is very habitual, and we’ve got great data that shows that stickiness is improving. I think I looked back at five, six quarters of data, and it gets better every quarter in terms of either retention, so there’s clearly the trajectory to follow what we’re seeing in mobility.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, I will. Justin, maybe I’ll also just start by reminding folks that we have three different broad models on how we go to market in our operating framework for folks. We have the traditional independent contractor, which is how most people think of Uber, and that is the model that the company was largely built on. Then over time, we’ve adapted to now the IC-plus model, which is what you referred to for Massachusetts, and that’s where we enter into agreements to provide some level of benefits, and then there are still some countries that we use a fleet model, where an independent company sort of handles the actual execution on the ground, and we serve as feeding them the global--or the in-country demand or the in-city demand. Specifically in Massachusetts, we reached a deal with the Attorney General that settled on a set of standards for earners that includes how we measure or how we define time on the platform, certain healthcare, family and medical leave benefits as well. As a consequence for that, the Attorney General dropped their action against Uber and we’re no longer in pursuit of a ballot issue in Massachusetts, like we had very successfully done in California. The consequence of that is we will factor that into our operating model in Massachusetts, but as we’ve said back in February at our investor day, we still have plenty of runway to focus on operational costs, so while this will be built into the cost structure that we push to the market, we continue to believe that there is plenty of runway ahead for us to continue to drive down our operating costs through the support costs and payments and a variety of other measures, that we continue to sort of grind out those basis points that will continue to make Uber an affordable option for all.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. I think the question--your question, John, again was on merchant-funded offers, or offers in general, how are we seeing that have an impact for the business. I would tell you to think about it in two elements. First, as we’re able to drive, and we see very strong cooperation from merchants in using merchant-funded offers to drive their demand, it is actually being a very helpful way for them to address their need, to attack the affordability question that folks are asking, so that can come through a variety of different things that they’re putting onto the platform - it could be a buy one, get one, it could be if you spend a certain amount, you get a certain percentage off. We’re seeing extremely strong growth in the use of merchant-funded offers and the tech that we have is allowing them to be quite creative in how they want to apply that and when. I think that’s something that’s quite unique to us, and as a result of that, we are seeing very good support of their business growth. In a time when I think there is more macro concerns around what’s happening with some of the large enterprise customers, we are seeing our SMBs really lean in more and are seeing strong growth in this. I’d also say that when we look at the category levels that folks are shopping at on the merchant side, we’re continuing to see folks shopping at what we would have categorized as a more expensive or, I think it’s a two dollar sign category versus the single dollar sign, so we’re again seeing folks not trading down at SMBs because some of that is being supported by the RFO or the restaurant-funded offers that we are enabling them to support.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Let me give you one metric we haven’t shared before, and that is globally, restaurant-funded offers or merchant-funded offers have grown 70% year-over-year.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, thanks for the question. I think a good frame of reference, or an example to help you with that TAM, if the United States was to move to the TAM penetration that we are seeing in the U.K., that’s worth another $13 billion in gross bookings, so call it 8% or so of our current run rate, just by moving the U.S. to the U.K. We know the opportunity is there. Brazil, I think is another great example where we’re seeing really explosive growth. The frequency in Brazil is a really impressive number that also I think is a great metric for how we have confidence as we continue to feed more markets and continue to expand our mobility products’ availability, reliability into more geographies. That’s going to continue to provide runway, and that sort of links into your second question, which is as we think about balancing supply and demand, I would say the overall sentiment at a global level today is that supply is in a better position than it has historically been. That may not be true in all markets, but at a global level, it is. What that allows us to do is to pivot those incentive dollars into driving demand, and one of the challenges, I think as the leadership team at Uber faces is we have so many areas that we could pivot those dollars into, and they greatly exceed our ability to fund within our financial framework that we gave you, so much of the time is spent on capital allocation to ensure that we are both making decisions that are right for the near term in terms of continuing to make sure the market is liquid, but also providing the right incentives that we need to continue to fund future growth products. I think our Teams product, as an example, which is one that we’ve launched, and I may ask Deepa to help me here with the metric, I think Teams’ user base is up--was it up 100% Deepa, am I remembering the number right? Yes, up 100%, and that’s a relatively new product that we’ve launched but that takes some investment to increase awareness about the product, but once you’ve done that--sorry, it’s trips, trips that were up, so those are the trade-offs, I think that we continue to make a decision on. This quarter, we opened up Hungary--sorry, we opened up Luxembourg, and last quarter we opened up Hungary, so we’re continuing to find new geographies as well as expanding in existing countries into new areas. Look for us to continue to make that balance while trying to stay within that great operating framework we gave you of driving mid to high teens GB growth with higher 30% to 40% EBITDA over the next three years.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And just a reminder, we’re going to be on the west coast, in Chicago, in New York, and in Europe in the coming quarters, so we’re very accessible for folks. Reach out to Deepa if you want to see us.
