Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Sure. Listen, we can't speak for Lyft, but I think on balance we were super aggressive as it relates to drive our acquisition levels and when we compare the number of new drivers coming onto the platform quarter-on-quarter, month-on-month, the monthly active drivers directly against at least the numbers that we heard from Lyft, our numbers are higher on a direct comparable basis. So, I think that if you compare our numbers to Lyft again, we're not privy to their numbers. We invested early and aggressively and we're seeing very positive momentum as a result of that early investment and we've been able to pull back as it relates to incentives and revenue margins in July have come up significantly over Q2 and the momentum that we see in driver and courier growth is continuing if not strengthening. So that gives us a lot of confidence, as it relates to Q4 -- Q3 in terms of revenue margins, take rate, and in terms of EBITDA. And we think the Q2 investment that we made was the right investment. And it puts us in very, very good stead as it relates to Q3 and Q4. As far as Eats goes, the vast majority of Eats' growth is organic. So, broadly, we are seeing monthly active eaters on a global basis up about 40% on a year-on-year basis. We are seeing basket sizes of about 10% on a yearly basis. We're seeing frequency of orders up as well. So, the organic growth rates for Uber Eats as well over 50% and most of that is really about continuing to build up audience on a year-on-year basis. We're obviously happy with the Postmates acquisition in terms of being able to drive synergy value and getting to a number one position in LA. We're number one in New York as well, but it's really about the organic growth. And it's about active eaters, it's about basket size and it's about orders per eater and all of those are running positive for Q2. And we think they'll continue to run positive for Q3 and Q4.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. So, in terms of driver acquisition spend the heaviest driver acquisition spend and incentive spend that we think we will see and we saw was in Q2. We really have to take action very quickly because the marketplace was not at a place that we considered healthy. And we wanted to lean into get wait times down to get service levels down. And all of those metrics in general as far as surge and wait times are moving in the right direction. And in a bunch of cities, southern cities et cetera there actually back to normal. And the vast majority of the spend as it relates to driver acquisition is really incentives. It's about putting dollars in front of drivers, and our top 20 cities drivers for Mobility are making over $40 an active our including just earnings and tips as well. So, the good news is, we're now in a place where we're able to put those -- pull those investments back. If you look at July volume growth will add about $200 million in EBITDA, take rate improvements will add about $150 million in EBITDA, which gives us a lot of confidence as it relates to our Q3 numbers. And we're running positive in these numbers on theoretical there based on actual July numbers. So, I think from that standpoint, the investments were big, I thought investments were well worth it and we're on the positive side of the ledger so to speak. As far as Uber Pass goes, the most important factor for what you asked for us is, what is the retention rate. And what we're seeing is, after some optimization building up the product et cetera, the retention rate for our cohorts that are with us more than six months is now 98% retention rate on a month-on-month basis. So now that we have really perfected the products driven the savings et cetera, we can now lean into member growth, the vast majority of member growth is going to be organic. It's putting the product in front of both our riders and drivers we see the Mobility business coming back is going to be a big benefit and you've heard us talk about how users who use both Mobility and Delivery account for more than 50% of our gross bookings on a global basis. So, now that we have the retention. We can step on the gas in terms of acquisition, but we're really going to take advantage of that 100 million monthly active platform customers and put what's a great product in front of them and we think that we'll get a significant amount of organic traction there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Mark. We can. And the majority of drivers who are coming back to the platform or what we call resurrecting drivers they've driven, whether it's in the past number one reason why they had not driven as because of safety concerns vaccines COVID et cetera as vaccination rates go up, we are seeing the resurrecting drivers come back. So, because of the size and scale the business we can reach into our database and we are getting real momentum in terms of those resurrections coming back. So, I think all of the signs are quite positive.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. When we think of the state of Massachusetts, listen, we think the right answer is our IC+ model, right, which is independent contractor with benefits, our drivers love it, Prop 22 has proven to be incredibly popular with California drivers. The vast majority of drivers prefer IC+ over employment, full-time employment. And with Massachusetts, we're -- I think that voters in California voted for because they had driver support. I see no reason why voters in Massachusetts are going to be any different. We absolutely prefer a legislative outcome in Massachusetts. But if we can get there we'll take you to vote and based on what happened in California, we're quite confident.
Dara Khosrowshahi: But I think if you look in the supplemental slides you also see that our Delivery business outside of the US is an inch away from EBITDA profitability. So, again this is in a theory we're executing on it quite effectively and we're confident in our stance overall profitability. And then lastly, you did mentioned something about driver supply returning. And so, what I would say is that you heard us both made comments in the prepared remarks that again we invested heavily in Q2. We're seeing the benefit even in July, which we talked about the margins are improving. We're adding more drivers and we've pulled back on incentives and what I would suggest is that our ability to achieve those numbers is really just based on take rates where they are in July point forward for the rest of the quarter. And I do think on drivers of audit, yeah, I think that I would add is. It's not just a question on money and less in short-term we have to lean in as it relates to incentives and driver earnings are definitely high and obviously driving is a very flexible way to earn. But I would also underlie the operational and the tech improvements that we have made. So, for example, now we're testing the capability to bring on driver is usually when someone want to drive a person. We have to do background checks, et cetera, and not just in the state that you live and other states as well. We can onboard drivers very quickly to deliver food and as we process all of the regulatory checks that we have to be very careful that we do on the ground in each state. We can then move them over to driving for the Mobility business as well. And that has allowed the on-boarding flows a CRM campaigns that we are driving the incentive technology has allowed us to move from a period of heavy spend and adding drivers to much less heavy spend so to speak and adding both couriers and drivers at the fastest pace that we have for the year. I mean, July looks really good and if August and September or anything like July, we will be in very, very good shape.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I'll start with the second first, which is we actually have not seen a material decrease in frequency as it relates to our Delivery business. And we think it's just because of higher portion of our delivery customers are using the Pass. So, we always thought that could be an offset but we weren't sure of the relative offset between task because as non-members become Pass members and they have free trials and especially if they when they graduate into paid membership and then that six-month cohort that has a 98% retention. The number of orders per eater and riders and rides per rider goes up materially. So, the question for us as well, is that positive momentum of membership going to outdo? Let's say, the negative of cities open up. And so far that as the case so that orders per eater has stayed very consistent and people were going out, which is great. But we do think that order per eater there'll be a tailwind in terms of orders per eater as we continue to drive membership. As far as pricing trends in the second half, we are seeing in July and early August. We are seeing pricing ease. It's still up year-on-year, but the pace of the price increases looks like it's easing as we get into a more normalized supply situation, which we think is a great as a real positive for the marketplace.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As far as the Delivery goes, we are spending a fair amount as it relates to Grocery and New Verticals, et cetera. Grocery and New Verticals accounts for about 5% to 6% of our overall GB's and it's growing at pretty healthy rates, but we think that we can get to delivery EBITDA profitability by the end of the year, including Grocery as well. So, yes, we're leading into those parts of the business, but really the Delivery story for us is as a larger percentage of our delivery customers are repeat customers. Our the incentives that we have to put into the marketplace, the marketing spend that we have to spend to the marketplace comes down. Generally, in the U.S., and other markets as the marketplace becomes more efficient and we get kind of more frequency in the marketplace, we're able to drive the cost per trip down because couriers can batch -- we can batch two or three deliveries per courier at the time that they have to be on the trip reduces as we add more restaurants into the marketplace, et cetera. So, the combination of marketing efficiencies that we get and cost per trip efficiencies that we get allow us to continue to invest aggressively in growing our Delivery business. But at the same time improving our margins as well and investing into the grocery business.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think as it relates to Delta-variant trends, where we have seen shutdowns, we see significant changes as it relates to the power end of the business. So, for example, if you look at our supplemental deck, Australia and Sydney for example where City shut down, we see Mobility obviously take a hit. But we see essentially the opposite happen in the delivery side of the business that's a hedge that we talked about. And even net of the hedge Mobility and Delivery tend to be up pretty significantly on a year-on-year basis. Certainly, if we compare to 2019 volumes as well where we don't see where there aren't shutdowns, it's really hard to tell me you know it's people still want to go out and there may be slight changes in behavior But the non-material changes in behavior and some of the underlying growth that we see in the business takes over. So, certainly the July trends that we saw relative to June were pretty encouraging, but no one can predict what's going to happen with Delta going forward. But so far we're hedged, and the trends that we're seeing are pretty good. As it relates to differentiating and delivery, listen I think that the differentiator that we have is the audience and the Uber platform, right? So, we actually were late in the Delivery game, we were one of the latest players to build up Delivery business. We built it based on the Uber brand, the marketplace matching technology that we have the pricing technology routing et cetera. Three-quarters of essentially elements of what is a ride, and what to delivering ultimately what's going to be a grocery three quarters of the elements that we're building in our stack. Our common elements that our engineers are coding. So, we essentially get to have engineers working on common elements. We got bigger datasets than anyone else. We're able to train our algorithms over much larger data points global data points versus our competitors, which allow us to build a matching, routing, incentives and marketing engine that is more personalized and just have greater capabilities than anyone else. At the same time, we have ops teams on the ground in every single market. We understand the regulatory marketplace the overheads that we have or much lighter than our competitors. It all translates into cost of customer acquisition is lower, lifetime value is higher because of the higher frequency counts that we have with our customers and overheads are low. So, lower cost of customer acquisition, higher lifetime value, lower overheads and greater tech capabilities, that's the differentiator. We built Eats has now number one in eight out of top 10 markets. And we think grocery. We're off to a great start internationally in the US Instacart at the really strong competitor. I think in the US, we're going to be practical. We're going to build out our merchant base and we're going to lean in on the Rides and Eats audience to build up grocer in the US. But it's a bigger audience than anyone else has. So, we think that's a great asset to have.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So, as you know, it's happened very recently and quickly. So, we actually really haven't seen anything material, if you will. Obviously, we compete with them particularly in some parts of Latin America. We had a strong second quarter and continue to have to do well as we're into July and we actually haven't seen anything what I'd call material changes. Those kinds of fluctuations market-by-market, city-by-city but nothing and nothing that I could attach to the broader question surrounding duty.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think the other factor that I would also point out, Brad, is the incentives was the fastest lever that we could pull, but the improvements that we have made in terms of onboarding flow, the CRM campaigns that we're sending to resurrected drivers. We've done a bunch of testing and learning in terms of one incentives work in which ones don't, all of that is resulting in greater efficiency in terms of our being able to add incremental drivers at a lower cost in our being able to hold onto drivers because earnings are really high. The other factor that I would add is that again based on what we can see our spend versus Lyft spend, our base we went to more aggressively. So, I think that when we say we can taper it's off of a more aggressive base. And if they're putting in incentives, it's probably off of a lower base. So, there may not be that much of a difference, but the biggest factor is, we now have the machine working, and listen in July, we pull back incentives and drive our acquisition and courier acquisition look really, really strong. So, all we're giving you is the facts and our capabilities are getting better. And we're getting smarter about how we're spending and that's what gives us a lot of confidence going into Q3 and Q4.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. So, on average the past customer is the number of trips Rides and food orders per customer on a monthly basis increases more than 50% on pre-past, post half. So, that included incrementality is pretty significant. We see a lot more crossover and if you look at our supplemental slides the percentage of our total gross bookings now coming from Mobility and Delivery cross-platform users is close to 50% in the US and the UK as well. So, the path is really working and the most important factor on the path is that 98% retention rate. It's a really strong product that's sticky and that gives us the confidence to be able to lean in and grow the number of Pass members that we got.
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's certainly shows up in the orders per month. It's our belief that it's not purely priced. We really invest in the customer service there certainly savings but listen, this is a well-worn path Amazon Prime. I think touched talked a bunch of players after the value of high-frequency type of interactions. And we're not inventing anything here. The good news for us is our Pass structurally because of the Delivery benefits, because of the Ride benefits, now because of the grocery benefits just structurally our Pass can offer more than any other Pass out there and the upside that we can see from frequency is just structurally higher than any other player out there. So, we think our Pass is the upside from it in terms of our business and the retention just a structurally different place versus any of our competitors.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Hey, Tom, just mathematically. The other factor that I would point to is our Mobility business is a $50 plus billion run rate via COVID and we're seeing a number of markets back above a 100% of 2019 levels. At $50 billion the Mobility margins as a percentage of gross bookings can be 10% and already is 10% at a bunch of market. So, the earning power today with our kind of growth on our Mobility business is really, it's a $5 billion earnings power today. Delivery business, we have markets that are 5% of gross bookings today. So, the earnings power of that business is another $2.5 billion. Our earning overheads, it's, call it $2 billion on a run-rate basis. So, the earnings power of this Company is very, very significant that allows us to invest in new businesses. It allows us to invest in new verticals, high capacity vehicles, tool, rental, reserve, it allows us to invest in grocery, et cetera. And because of the scale of our business and because of the membership program et cetera, that they talked about, we can invest aggressively and we can be EBITDA profitable and we expect to increased margins for the foreseeable future. And in a tough way COVID kind of prepared us for this, we have to sharpen our kind of operating muscles. But this is not raise the profitability. And then I'm going to go, where we're going to do. This is a race, the profitability and just keep growing and growing and growing. That is absolutely our goal. And I think we got the earnings power to do it.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, I think on the long term I just point to Uber right look, this is not made up theories right we built, we were late in the Delivery game, we built up Uber Eats using the engineering platform that we built on Mobility putting a bunch of our great product people engineers against that we've built up Freight organically, we're making a big acquisition, but that's another business that we built Grocery and Drizly are very, very close to our Delivery business in terms of use cases. They cover the fast and frequent, people want there liquor fast, they want grocery fast and they're also frequent use cases as well. So we are going to use the family of apps that we have to essentially cross promote one service to the other at the right time targeted to the right person using ML algorithms, so I'll have the same identity. They have the same payment characteristics will have fraud engines routing engines pricing inches all of them running against the bigger dataset than anyone else can. So just if this is a play that we've run a bunch of times and we're very, very confident that we can do the same for grocery and other categories as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think the majority of both our driver growth and new user growth tends to come from resurrection, again, we got the deepest database that any company has, so we can reach into that database and when we reach into that database with essentially CRM campaigns. So it's a very, very cheap to bring back those resurrecting drivers. The second most significant area of growth is essentially the rides business there on Eats and then now the Eats business actually throwing to rides and mixing new customers, essentially that don't use the other product. And then the third channel is essentially new customers to the platform itself, so it's in that order and listen, we have active we have active initiatives in all three and we can always do better, but certainly the momentum that we're seeing is as positive in all three
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think Youssef, to your question on driver incentives. We have been leaning into driver incentives broadly in Q2, we have been able to pull back from driver incentives broadly in Q3. And we have been able to continue to acquire and/or resurrect new drivers broadly in July, even as we pull back incentives just because the machinery and the targeting is working so much better. In states that have ended UI, our marketplace balance in general is in a much healthier condition than states that have not ended the UI. There is additional factor that's coming in the Delta-variant now which may throw things off but it does seem to be a positive to us, we don't know if it's because the UI or other factors. But it seems positive and our driving -- kind of driver incentive efficiency improvements has happened in states where UI has ended as well as states where UI continues.
Dara Khosrowshahi: All right, thank you everyone for joining us. And lot of hard work from the team in Q2, and we see some pretty positive signals as it relates to Q3 and Q4. So, thanks very much for joining us.
Nelson Chai: Yes. On the fourth quarter, it's total company EBITDA profitability and then even in the third quarter guidance was total company as well as that includes all aspects of the business, but if you -- on my prepared comments I just fact that we'll continue to make progress and improvement on Delivery and we'll -- and again, we expect our EBITDA profitability of our Mobility business continues to improve. And again we're pretty confident in terms of how we're doing it, which is why we put out the guidance for Q3.
Nelson Chai: Regarding your question on the take rates, you're right. In APAC and Latin America, we are not expecting any take rate changes, if you will. So, much of the investment was in the US and Canada and there was actually some in Europe as well in order to get drivers back and help build supply.
Nelson Chai: So, there isn't much more from a run rate standpoint on advertising. It's really coming from Mobility recovery. And so, if you listen to my commentary, I really did center it and the variability is really around the Mobility recovery or the continue to recovery. We did notice that lifted increase some of their incentive spend both in June but particularly in July and as you heard from our commentary based on the results in July, our business is quite strong and our margins have come back. And again as I reiterated a few times on this call already. And as we think about getting to the guidance that we gave you, it's really around not increasing our take rates if you will, between now and the end of the quarter. It's just maintaining where they were today if in this at this point of time in Q3 and then some expected increase on the volume side. So, again, obviously, we can't predict the future, but we feel pretty good about what's going on now and it's happening today in the marketplace where they are investing. As Dara mentioned, we invested early and often to build back our marketplace. And you do get the benefits of the flywheel. You did hear my comments about in July, how we had a 30% new drivers without really incremental or spent incrementalized we're spending a lot more in incentive. And so we just got about the flywheel going and we're getting the benefits from it. I'm not going to comment on what listed and we're not going to do. But again, we feel pretty comfortable for our marketplaces today.
Nelson Chai: So, Tom when we talk about getting the EBITDA profitability in Q4, our expectation is that will continue and they'll be sustainable and growing, as we continue to move forward into 2022. So, we believe we'll have enough to invest along some of those other new verticals in other areas and reinvest back in. But we recognize the fact that one of the things we did, if you think about the approach like this quarter we invested ahead up our healthy marketplace. So, we can go given coverage to get our margins back. Have our business is healthy and growing and profitable as we move towards EBITDA profitability. That's pretty important for the company and for Dara from myself that we just sustainably build our business and continue to grow our bottom line as well.
Nelson Chai: Well, so first of all, in terms of our guidance is really just based on what we think is going to happen to the extent benefits are, we will manage it. But as you know we've made really good strides right now in the current environment and with the current plans in place. So no, we don't see any changes irrespective of benefits get extended or not. We do see benefit in terms of folks coming back to drive when the benefits do expire. But that's more of an upside, if you will, in terms of SoftBank it's hard for me to comment on SoftBank there. We have good relationship with them, they an investor, there's lots of stuff you read About what they're doing regarding some of their holdings, particularly given what's going on in China. I think much of it is done already. But again they don't really call us for advice on how they're going to trade, and what they're going to go do, but again I think we're fine with whatever they and doing so.
Nelson Chai: Just so in terms of the supply question again. Yes, there is nothing in terms of are we gaining our -- what I would say is our category -- we call our category position you got, call it, market share, it's very healthy and actually ever the region of our Mobility businesses and it's either been stable to where it was in Q1 or has improved a slightly in every major market and again it, whether it's, it has to do with investment on bringing drivers back or just the competitive nature of the marketplaces or other factors that it's, it is what it is. I can't draw a conclusion between them between different marketplaces. The team is actually doing quite well, executing given the pandemic and people coming back.
Nelson Chai: So I'll go first. We are updating any of our long-term margins today. We want to get through the pandemic and come out and then we understand that it is something that investors want. And so we will address that in that shortly after. And I think Dara gave you had a very high level. The math as you went through it and he used as a percent of GB's and 10% of Gross Bookings for Mobility and 5% for Delivery; and so I can't suggest not a good guide guidepost. But again, we will formally, take a look at it as we get through the pandemic, we wanted to do is just make sure we navigated the recovery is going on, particularly in terms of creating equilibrium on our marketplace, which is what we've been able to do and here through Q2 and starting to see the benefits in Q3.
