Tony West: Sure, yeah. Well, look, I think, it should surprise no one that the Biden-Harris Administration approach on these issues is similar to the Obama-Biden Administration's approach and which is obviously different than the last administration. And I think that when we look at the, makeup of the current administration, it's fair to say, that there are individuals who have varying views on these issues. They're not all identical in their outlook, and we think that creates space for some meaningful dialogue. The fact that the labor department has said that, they want to engage key companies on this issue, the fact that they said just as late as today, that they're not planning to offer new regulations for independent contractors in the near future. We think all of that creates sort of a real opportunity for a dialogue that can ultimately lead to a solution that gig gives workers, the protections that they deserve while, preserving the innovation that gives them the flexibility that they desire. So we think there's space here, for a conversation. And we're - we continue to kind of look for those opportunities to talk about opportunities for bolstering independent work with those kinds of benefits and protections.
Tony West: So, I'll answer - sure. I'll start. Look, I think one of the things that we've learned is that the premise and Dara touched on this in the last answer, the premise that earners on these gig platforms, particularly drivers, prefer independent work, prefer independent, that's borne out. And in Prop 22, you have in California, which is a very Blue state you have a model that was overwhelmingly approved by the voters. And so not only are voters listening to drivers and to earners on these platforms that are choosing independent work, we see that that choice being made over and over again. In the UK, where we have - we do have sort of a flexible third category that, frankly, we would like to see in other jurisdictions. There, we're finding that it's possible to have a solution where you can maintain the flexibility that earners repeatedly choose, as well as the benefits and protections that people deserve. And so one of the things that we have learned is that it's a model that while you won't have a one-size-fits all in every single jurisdiction because every jurisdiction is very different, and you have a sort of a patchwork and different frameworks that you have to deal with. The reality is, is that these kinds of solutions are workable solutions and they're real resolutions to this issue. And so we'd like to be able to see in other states and in other jurisdictions, solutions that draw upon some of the things we've seen in California, in the UK and in other places where we're able to kind of bolster independent work with these types of benefits and protections.
Tony West: Sure. And look, I think, Lloyd, we are actively engaging with policymakers all over the world. And Europe really is at the forefront of those efforts. And really - it involves are reminding folks that our position is very much consistent with the end goals of regulators, who we think, want to make sure that there is - we're giving drivers the protections that they need, and we're doing that while retaining this flexibility. And in Europe, since we're talking, as I said before, we're talking about many different countries with different legal systems, with different forms of employment law, we won't see a one-size-fits-all kind of solution. But what we are finding is that in our engagement, we're able to make progress on having these kinds of conversations. And so for instance, last quarter, we published a white paper, which called on policymakers and platform companies and social representatives around Europe to come together to set a new standard for platform work. We've been hosting business roundtables with members, senior members of European governments. I participated in one just yesterday. So there are lots of efforts that we continue to engage in to try to get to a place where there's value for everyone in a resolution.
Tony West: Yeah. And Justin, as far as our category position, it's actually a good news story. We've maintained or improved our category position, in a bunch of key markets, the US, UK, Australia, Brazil and France. I'd say, the Mexico is - continues to be quite competitive, both actually on the Mobility and Delivery side. So there's a big battle going on there. But we have local battles all the time, when I kind of step-out and look at the picture globally. The picture globally for our mobility business and delivery business is really better than it has been in the past two years. It really is improving and fundamentally looking pretty good.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think from my perspective, what comes through again and again, and any piece of research done by anybody, is that independent workers want to stay independent. They do not want to be full time employees. That the number one feature, as it relates to gig work is flexibility. And what we're talking about is taking it to the next level, which is providing flexibility and protections. We don't the really important dialogue to have. And we think that, if you listen to drivers and couriers, and then certainly, you listen to voters, the answer is pretty clear, which flexibility and benefits of the, answer is going forward. And we hope to have that conversation.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then on membership, our - the number of members continues to grow. This last quarter, we've been focused more actually on converting a higher percentage of our free trial membership into paid memberships, and we're making really good progress there. And what we continue to see as it relates to our members is that consistently, members and especially paid members have much higher engagement metrics, much higher trips per month than non-members. And you can also see us kind of continuing to increase membership benefits in addition to rides benefits, for example, is our most recent deal with our most recent relationship with GoPuff, where you can also get GoPuff deliveries for free as well. So right now, the focus is free members to paid members and really starting to push the differentiation of the membership to continue to drive the increased engagement that we're seeing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. Clearly, our model has pricing power. And I think in markets, for example, like the UK, what we're looking for is a level playing field and other light companies to do the right thing. And we think in the level playing field, we get the network advantage and the scale advantage and the global advantages that allow us to continue to be the number one player in most of the areas that we focus on.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I'll take the first one and Nelson can take the second. In terms of driver supply, the - Ross, the big factors are safety and then earnings opportunities. I think that renting a car or car sourcing relative to the opportunity ahead of ourselves is pretty small. It will be low single-digits as it relates to supply. And we do have programs to help drivers who want to secure cars, get cars both in the US and outside of the US. The biggest issue is safety, and we think that issue is being dealt with as it relates to vaccines. And then the earnings opportunities are extraordinary. So again, the trends that we're seeing, like drivers are coming back exactly as we expected them to. Our - the sign-ups are up on a week-on-week basis. And we do think that as we get into Q3, you're going to see the marketplace get back into balance, and we're certainly putting a lot of focus to making sure it does so. So I don't see rental being a problem at all. Next, Nelson, do you want...
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then just to add a little bit to what Nelson said, some of the patterns that we see in profitable versus unprofitable markets as - and in more profitable markets, we're able to - on average profitable markets have lower incentive spend, existing user incentive spend as a percentage of bookings. And this is because you kind of build a cohort of very, very loyal users, and they come back to you out of habit, not necessarily from price. Early on, you use price to really grow your user base. Second is as your - the percentage of existing users is much larger starts to deepen, your marketing becomes much more efficient because you don't need to kind of bring on as many new users because your existing users kind of come back again and again and again, which is terrific. And then as these businesses scale, we are able to scale overheads and we're able to scale variable costs, the cost per transaction, cost of customer service, et cetera, all of these costs can start scaling. So it's - financially, its incentives, its marketing costs and then its scale in terms of variable and fixed costs, that get you to a profitable market. This is pretty consistent. And I think you can see in the chart that we have in the supplementals, both our profitable markets are getting more profitable. And our investment markets, we're having to invest less in, which means that the formula for us, the scale formula is absolutely working. It's not linear in every single country. But overall, we know exactly what we've got to do to get this business to profitability
Dara Khosrowshahi: So Justin, I'll start. So no, we don't see any changes in terms of our long-term targets. There has been some - there is price elasticity in there. And then as you know, when we made those targets, we now run a much more efficient business. And so some of the actions that we took last year, some of the execution of our capital allocation model really allow us to kind of lean and get the leverage. And we're seeing that as the growth continues to come that we can get there, we are seeing the benefit that COVID has bought in terms of larger basket sizes. And as you recall from quarters past, the single biggest determination is actually that. We're starting to see a little bit of early traction on the ads as well. So as you think about, getting to the target profit margins on the delivery side of the business that will be an important part of it. But again, we do see that, we're not kind of walking away from those margins right now. We're investing right now in terms of getting back, in the post-COVID world. And so again, we are very optimistic. And I think you've heard from our commentary, we're pretty optimistic about where we stand right now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, absolutely. So in terms of restaurant pricing supply, we're - we continue to lean into restaurant partner acquisition. We now have over 700,000 partner restaurants, on a global basis. We expect to grow our restaurant supply base, really for the next five years at least. Our penetration into many markets is still in early days. And clearly, I think restaurants are seeing the benefits of having delivery, as a core part of their business. And even in a reopening scenario, we think that's a business that includes both walk in and Delivery is just fundamentally better business. And I think for us, what's interesting is, we have a business - our Mobility business that's all about getting people out. And we think we can establish some pretty interesting relationships with restaurants, as it relates to getting them out and dine-in and some promotions there. And we can continue to have relationships with our restaurant partners on the Delivery side. We watch competition on a local basis as far as marketplace pricing goes. We think while everyone's approach is different, we think our pricing models are quite competitive with other players in the marketplace. And I do think that, we are going to have a bit more of a focus on pickup. Our pickup business is actually a pretty small portion of our overall volume. And we think that building up our pickup opportunity, as it relates to our restaurant partners, is a pretty big opportunity going forward. And then, as far as free caps go, there - I think that, it's going to differ city-by-city. We do think that, we can adjust the business model where there are fee caps. Essentially, it forces us to increase delivery fees, which we have repeatedly seen as being a net negative as it relates to demand to our restaurant partners. But from a margin standpoint and from kind of a, call it, profitability per order standpoint, we can adjust the model as it relates to fee caps in markets where there are fee caps, there'll be higher delivery fees, which do hurt demand to restaurants in markets that don't have fee caps than the marketplace gets to a balance organically, so to speak. We think the better answer is let the market take care of themselves, but where there are free caps, we can certainly adjust accordingly.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. And as far as the growth rate for food and new verticals, we talked about the new verticals being at a $3 billion run rate in terms of bookings. Our overall business is at over $52 billion run rate. So I think you can do the math as to the relative size. And the business accelerated Q1 over Q4 both overall, and if you just separate the food business on a stand-alone basis. So any way you look at it, the trends are friends, so to speak, and we think the potential remains enormous.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. Tom, I guess what I would tell you is that we've been regulated on a local basis as it relates to our Mobility business from day one. And these are really important dialogues that you have to have with state regulators, with city regulators. We're guests in every city, we live there. The money flows are local in nature, right? And so we're a local business. And I think our experience on the Mobility side really prepares us uniquely to make sure that we enter constructive dialogue on the Delivery side. And usually, we already have relationships with local government and local regulators to begin with. So we welcome the dialogue. And again, I think that the business model - we want to have a business model that aligns with the needs of cities going forward. So if you look at what we've done on safety and how we've been a leader as it relates to safety reporting. If you look at what we've done on sustainability and our pledge is to essentially be all-electric by 2030 in many of our major markets and then 2040 all over the world. If you look at our leaning forward on IC+, right? These are all based on dialogue that we've had with regulators and thinking about kind of where the skating to where the - is going versus where it's been. And I think Delivery will be the same situation. It will create a model that not only can drive short-term, but more importantly, it will create a model that can thrive long-term and a model that serves communities and service partners as well as our shareholders.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, sure. I think on - Jason, as far as the drag on demand, et cetera, listen, we can't predict exactly what's going to happen in the future. And you're absolutely right, which is a future kind of pattern significantly differ from the pattern that we absorb. There maybe things will be different. We're unable to tell you - when we look at pre, post, how the California markets have behaved versus what the non-California markets? We don't see any significant difference in terms of trends in California versus outside of California, would suggest to us that this isn't going to be a significant kind of economic change as far as growth rates, et cetera, go. And what we have seen consistently with our businesses is that we got pricing power, generally, and this is a service. And you want a service that is valued by consumers and generally, consumers are willing to pay more for. And we have seen that, when we've raised prices in California both for our mobility business and for our delivery business. And I think the second question grocery, how will we be talking about it? Grocery is a potentially significantly larger total addressable market than food. It is much earlier in the life cycle development, life cycle as far as percentage of grocery that has gone online. And for us, I think it's important to know that grocery is a global initiative for us. So we are going to - we're going to be growing grocery in Latin America corner shop. We think can be the unquestionable leader and corner shop continues to gain share versus this competition because of excellent service in a very, very efficient way. In the US, we have a very strong competitor in Instacart and others and I think the US is going to be a battle that we're going to be in for some period of time. And then we're making really good progress in Europe and Australia and a number of other countries on the grocery front. So we expect grocery to be a pretty significant percentage of our business, 18 to 24 months ago - months for now and more importantly really obvious for now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So as it relates to the drivers it is a US issue. We do see in Mexico driver for shortages as well, although that has more to do with vehicles than it has to do with, call it, issues, safety or earnings. It's much more on the vehicle side, and we're working with vehicle partners to make it easier for drivers to essentially get cars to earn. But it's really, US and Mexico, the rest of the world is much more in a state of balance, so to speak, than those two markets. And then as far as the Delivery offering, e we think right now, actually, courier utilization is pretty high just because the amount of demand in the marketplace. But as you look at the Uber Eats business growing, our delivery as a service business growing, grocery growing or adding into the ecosystem as well, all of this is going to drive courier efficiency and courier utilization, which is going to improve our cost per transaction and the ability for our drivers and couriers across this patch as needed, we think gives us even a greater efficiency advantage versus our competition. So we do think that our cost per transaction trend, all else being equal or going to improve over a time as we drive utilization and our cross this patches is a bit of kind of unique model that we have that many of our others players don't have.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, Ben on the autonomous side, we have established a very deep partnership with Aurora. Aurora is, we think has a leading team in the business and the merger of ATG and Aurora, we think can move forward their efforts, pretty considerably. Aurora is first kind of foray to autonomous is going to be in a truck trucking segment. And that obviously creates potential as it relates to relationships with freight. And then or is in trucking is more of a highway type of activity, which we think makes it kind of an earlier entree or an easier entrees and trying to be - being autonomous on 100-mile highway trip is a lot easier. Let's say, that being autonomous and 50 city streets. That will be an entry into certain types of rideshare trips that let's say are easier. And the advantage of our being able to dispatch appropriately to a human or to a robot is something that's unique to us and some of the other players, in the industry. And that will go from there. But we are - this is a technology that has to be safe, is going to take time for this technology to hit the big time, so to speak. But we are absolutely in a position to be able to take advantage of autonomous, when it's safe to come to market.
Nelson Chai: And Mark, this is Nelson. Let me just jump in on Tony's answer on Prop 22. So we did see a slight increase in costs, right, because of the benefits. And in the Mobility side, we've been able to pass on the regular cost of the rider. And again, we haven't seen any impact from a demand perspective. On the Delivery side, we passed on much of the cost. And again, the - we have not seen any impact from a demand perspective. And as you know, we've seen this before in places like New York as well. So as Tony said, we're going to continue our dialogue.
Nelson Chai: Yeah. In terms of profitability, right now, two of our top five countries are profitable, and we have over 12 countries in total that are currently profitable. And what I would say that the characteristics are is we do have definitely a strong market position. We have good basket sizes, and we've been gaining momentum. And what I would tell you is around the world, we - our business is actually operating at extremely high pace right now and doing really, really well. And we're really actually getting the leverage that we've talked about in the past. Our capital allocation model is working. So we've exited a number of countries last year, which we talked about on previous calls. And we're actually seeing the benefit because we're getting the scale in the marketplaces that we're operating in. In terms of the marketplaces where we're still in investment mode, I would say they're highly competitive. Some of the companies are still private and some of - they're all going public now and that actually beneficial as well. But again, we think we actually have a good plan. And as you heard in my commentary and Dara's commentary, as we think about going to the back half of the year, we are confident that our delivery business can achieve profitability by year end.
Nelson Chai: So I'll let Dara answer the first question. But on the second question, yes. As we said, we're leaning into the second quarter. We're leaning into supply both on the driver and the courier side. And so again, the commentary is really around that. So yes.
Nelson Chai: So Itay, we believe we have enough levers at our control, in order to deliver against profitability in the back half of the year. We are - as we said on the call, we are substantially leaning in, right, to both supply on the driver and the courier side to make sure we're there, particularly in the US, as the world continues to open. We feel really good about where we are. We executed flawlessly last year during a very difficult time to position the company to be where we are today. And so we know the levers now. We believe, we can - we have a very high degree of confidence. And we're going to pull the levers. So Dara and I and the rest of the management team are committed to profitability. And so again, it's not a bridge per se, other than the fact that we know the levers we can pull to get there, and we will. And so we are definitively going to do what we need to do to get the profitability by the back half of the year.
