Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Balaji. We delivered a very strong quarter across the Board with record results on the top and bottom line. After two years of persistent and sometimes unpredictable impacts across our business, our Q1 results resoundingly affirm that we are on a strong path emerging out of the pandemic. Our focus on profitable growth, product innovation and operational excellence over the last two years has set us apart from the pack. Our Mobility team is demonstrating phenomenal execution, growing both demand and supply faster than competitors and rapidly innovating to rollout new accretive offerings all while delivering record margins despite the macro turbulence that we all see. Delivery is continuing to surprise us positively as demand has remained resilient in a reopening world and we expect topline growth and profitability to expand through 2022. Finally, Freight reached its first profitable quarter as well. We are keenly aware that the market is placing a high value on companies generating and expanding profits as interest rates rise. We are leading the industry in this respect. Our focus over the past two years on profitable growth has resulted in the strong top and bottom lines that we delivered in Q1. We are confident that our leadership position, our global scale and our innovation and platform advantages will allow us to deliver significant profitability and durable growth as investors rightly expect from globally scaled technology platforms. We are committed to taking all necessary actions to continue to deliver industry-leading margins and free cash flow generation, along with a disciplined capital allocation strategy. We’ve never been more optimistic about our prospects, and we are determined to execute as a team to bring that optimism to fruition. With that, let's go to questions.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, definitely. As far as our cross-platform usage, it remains strong and consistent really with what we went through with you at Investor Day. And what are the interesting factors that we're seeing is that as mobility is opening up, mobility of significant number of new riders are coming on to the platform. And that gives us the opportunity to then upsell those new mobility riders to Eats, to our grocery offerings, and then ultimately to our Uber One membership plan, which is the only membership plan globally that offers both mobility and delivery offerings as well. So what we're seeing is really kind of a swelling of new audience coming in that then we can essentially upsell our cross-platform products and then ultimately membership as well. So we're super optimistic about all of the platform investments that we're making and the potential there. We've already launched, obviously, Uber One in the U.S. We announced launches in Mexico and Germany. We got a number of other launches teed up for the balance of the year. And I will remind everyone that members spend 2.7x more than non-members. So as we move over, as new customers come in, we cross-sell them into the platform, we cross-sell them into membership, we can increase the spend and the lock-in that our platform provides in a way that no other monoline player can. And we already have the formula down and it's about rolling out Uber One globally, and then applying the same formula over and over again. Then on the cross-platform side, the side that's invisible to I'd say most investors is on the earner side. And we talked about how our efforts to sign-up earners now are truly cost-platform. We bring you in not to drive or to deliver, but we bring you in to earn on the Uber platform. The success there has been very, very significant. You heard I think last night, one of our competitors in the U.S. having challenges or at least looking to lean into driver supply. Our active drivers in the U.S. and Canada are up 70% on a year-on-year basis in April. New drivers were up 121% year-over-year in April. And it's because we're bringing new drivers on not as Uber Rides, not as Uber Eats, but as Uber as a platform and to earn in anyway, shape or form that they can on the platform. And that's proving to be a structural advantage from what we can see versus the competition both locally, and then we think ultimately globally.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Of course, back half for the delivery goes, it really is about the European reopenings and comps. So some of the countries, France, for example, is reopening. It is spectacular news for mobility business. It makes the delivery comps a little bit tougher. So I think you'll see Q2 growth rates similar to Q1. And then we expect Q3 and Q4 to accelerate. And I think you've also seen for us as a team we've delivered on what we say we're going to do. So we're pretty confident of acceleration in the second half. The other factor that's going to affect the second half is that with new verticals, actually very recently, along with the Albertsons deal, we are now launching the native stack of Cornershop, essentially grocery on the Uber Eats platform. It's very, very early, but we see substantial improvements in customer experience, and we see substantial improvements in terms of conversion on the Uber Eats native stack. So we think that the U.S. growth rate that is already pretty high is going to significantly accelerate in the second half of the year, which again gives us confidence as the delivery growth rates in the second half of the year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, absolutely. As far as upfront destination, one of the most significant complaints that we get from our earners and our drivers is that they don't know where the upfront destination is. And if you go back to the origins of this business and how pricing was built, pricing originally was based on time and distance. And that comes from, let's say, the taxi days. But the fact is that based on the destination, the value of a ride, which may take the same amount of time and distance for a driver maybe very different based on the destination. So if you're going from the airport into Central San Francisco and you're going to get a ride as soon as you drop the person off, that's a pretty valuable ride. If you carry a passenger, same time and distance, into the outskirts of the neighborhood and then have to drive back empty for, let's say, 30 or 40 minutes, that's not a ride that's particularly valuable to an earner. And if you're purely wasting your charges on time and distance, essentially those two rides are priced equally. We think that's a bug in our system, and it certainly does not serve the best interest of the earners. So now with our new system, we display the full information of the ride, especially what the destination is. Our algorithms are then able to take signal, let's say, the trip out to the outskirts where the drivers have to come back empty, we will then price up that trip so that the earner trip earns the fair value of that fair, and also knows exactly what they're accepting or not accepting. That also improves the consumer experience because cancellation rates, once drivers understand what the destination is go down as well. There's a huge amount of technology that has to go into developing this kind of a system because essentially the pricing systems have to get signal based on earner behavior in order to hone in the pricing to truly price kind of that trip based on the market clearing price that earners are willing to accept that trip with, so there's a huge amount of ML data work that goes into that system, but we think it's fundamentally a better way, and the feedback that we're getting from our driver partners has been quite positive. It's a big change that I'll tell you, and there's a lot of debugging going on, there's a lot of algorithmic works to make sure that the earner experience is as great as it is, but we're very, very optimistic about this fundamental change. Last thing I'll say about this is, this is one of those invisible or not so invisible benefits of the platform. This is actually how delivery has been pricing their trips for some period of time. Delivery companies show upfront where you pick something up, they show an upfront fare. It's exactly like introducing upfront fare to Uber riders and our being a multi-platform, multi-product business allows us to take learnings from one side of a business, apply it to the other, and instead of kind of starting from scratch, we've already – we're adolescence now using all open knowledge from our delivery business and passing it on to the mobility business. So lots of advantages having a single marketplace team, a single technology team, thinking about the best of both worlds and constantly applying learnings for one to the other. And then as far as UberX Share, we're super excited about the business. I think with Share, we're looking to resolve a fundamental issue that the older pool model had, which is the interest of the rider and the interest of Uber were misaligned, right, which is the rider would ask for a pool trip, hoping not to be batched and Uber obviously would want that trip to be matched in order to achieve the economics that we expect. With UberX Share, there's an upfront discount. And when you are matched with another rider, you get a higher discount on your trip. So all of a sudden interests are aligned in this kind of system and we're very, very encouraged by the early signal that we're seeing and we're looking to launch UberX Share at about 15 markets in the next quarter, and we will continue to expand from there. So both upfront fare and UberX Share are areas that we're quite excited about and areas where there's a lot of innovation going in for the teams.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You're welcome. Next question? Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think in the U.S. on the earner side, and again, we don't necessarily look at earners now as couriers or drivers because increasingly we want earners to earn, however they want to on a particular day. They may want to stay in their little neighborhood and that accrues more to delivering food because typically you stay within a certain radius or they may want to make more money and right now earnings for drivers, for example, who drive more than 20 hours on our platform in the last quarter were $39, including tips. So earnings are super, super high, which is great for earners. On the courier side, I wouldn't say that there's a huge amount of competition in that, we've got plenty of couriers and from what we can tell our competitors do as well, it's a very flexible way to earn, which our earners appreciate. So we have seen the number of active couriers globally up 34% on a year-on-year basis and in the U.S. and Canada up 79% year-on-year. So we're in very good shape there and actually a fair amount of the year-on-year increase in take rates, call it, true take rates that you're seeing in the delivery business is because we've been able to drive cost per transaction down as a result of higher efficiency in our marketplace because we have plenty of couriers. And as we get more density in our marketplace, essentially the distances that we have to carry food and go pick up food, et cetera, come reduce and our algorithms in terms of routing and batching continue to optimize and get better and better and better. That is essentially upside as it relates to net revenue. And it really doesn't cost anything. It just costs engineering time to achieve which is time that we have. And then as far as the super app versus multi app consumer experience, the way that we're doing it is on the consumer side, we're looking to get the best of both worlds. Think about it in the same way that Facebook has a family of apps. They've got Facebook and Instagram and WhatsApp, and they're kind of loosely coupled. Same thing with Google, they got Google and Google Maps and Google Mail. Again, they're coupled, you have one identity, one payments, et cetera. We're looking to achieve the same thing, multiple apps, whether it's Uber, Uber Eats or Cornershop, your identity is the same drizzly, your sign ups are same, we treat you the same way your customer experiences is consistently excellent. You've got the Uber One membership that flows across all those apps to save you on delivery fees. And at the same time within each app, we're constantly cross promoting one platform to the other. On rides, we're cross promoting each. We're actually super excited. We're starting to cross promote rides on our Eats app. And frankly, weren't sure if it's going to work. We now see signal that it's working. Actually, we're able to resurrect riders back into the reopening through the Uber Eats app, which is something that we're super excited about. So all the apps talk to each other, cross promote each other. We use machine learning algorithms to figure out what is the best promotion to put in front of the right person at the right occasion. And you can imagine, lunchtime, the promo, maybe different than drinks time, for example. On the backend, as it relates to earners, we are a single super app. And essentially you sign-up to earn on Uber and more and more, we will offer you different opportunities to earn based on what we know about your profile, based on time of day, based on where you are and based on what the opportunities are. And we think that's a very, very significant structural advantage over other players in our industry, none of which has a super app model.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Listen, Justin, our need to increase the number of drivers on the platform is nothing new nor is it a surprise. We were on this last year. If you remember, Q2 of last year, we were very early. We saw signal and we leaned in very aggressively initially with incentives into improving our driver supply. And then we followed up the investment incentives with tons and tons of innovation in terms of product, in terms of improving the driver sign-up flow, in terms of welcoming drivers to the Uber family and then giving them opportunities, delivery opportunities or rides opportunities. We see the sooner an earner can earn on the platform, the higher our sign-up rate to that first trip. And often we can get earners earning on the platform faster with delivery than we can with mobility because of regulations or background checks, et cetera. So we're able to engage that earner with money in their pockets really, really early. And at the same time, we've invested experiences where instead of, for example, you're having to upload your documents into our systems. We will go connect to insurance companies, DMVs, et cetera. And as we build out those APIs, essentially upload those documents automatically versus having you do the hard work and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't and sometimes you may get the document right or wrong. We talked about upfront destinations for earners as well. So we have pivoted the company to being earner-centric, innovating for earners, thinking about the earner experience, treating earners as you know with respect and dignity and building for them versus building just for the company. This has been an activity that we've been on for a year and we feel very, very well prepared for the future. We're constantly watching supply-demand dynamics. We're constantly watching supply hours. Earner retention is improving. Engagement on the platform is improving. So we feel as good about our driver supply in general, our earner position as we ever have. That said, we know we have to improve. We have to keep increasing the number of new drivers on the platform. We're focused on resurrecting a number of drivers as well, and we're focusing on increasing engagement on the platform because earnings levels are so high. So there's a lot of work to do ahead of us, but this is a machine that's rolling. Like this, the earner team at all levels at the operational level, at the technical level, at the engineering level with ML algorithm optimizing, for example, driver incentives, all of it is rolling. And we know all of it has to work well in order for us to hit our really aggressive targets in the balance of the year. And then as far as the regulatory process and new use cases. I'd say the new use cases are us playing offense. We have seen the cross-platform initiatives throwing from one essential service to the other from Eats to Rides, from Eats to Groceries, et cetera. We know how to cross promote use cases. There's a huge amount of trust and frequency and comfort with our products. We have your identity. We understand where you are. We have your payment details, et cetera. So adding new use cases such as car rental or travel bookings or adding new supply areas like taxi, they're just natural growth areas for us. And because we've already acquired the customer because we already have built trust with our customer, we're essentially able to continue to increase engagement with our customer. The more engage our customers are, the more we retain those customers and we're able to monetize those MAPCs as a result. So it's kind of a win, win, win on that front.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I'll start the second one, first, which is, we're absolutely seeing MAPC growth continue to accelerate post-Omicron. So for example, while MAPC growth for the quarter was or MAPCs were $115 million, up 17% for the quarter. In March, they were up at $120 million, up 20% on a year-on-year basis. So we're seeing MAPC growth accelerate and we expect to see that acceleration build into April and the balance of Q2. We absolutely see the reopening as a very, very big MAPC driver, especially on the mobility side, so expect MAPC to continue to grow and if anything to accelerate into the second quarter. As far as our advertising business goes, continued strength there, we essentially more than tripled the business on a year-on-year basis. And we are very much on track to hit the targets that we laid out during Investor Day.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. And I think as far as the UK goes, let's say, we make tremendous progress in the UK. We move to the worker model. We're now compliant with merchant status. And we've recently been granted a private hire vehicle operator license for 30 months, which is terrific. Our relationship with the City is second to none, and we're committed to Citycon's goal of electrifying our fleet by 2025 in London, a real leader in environmental impact and something that we're firmly behind. We absolutely believe that it is a condition for every operator's license to move to merchant. We have not seen some of our competitors do so, but the TfL has been very, very clear that they will enforce those rules. So we just think a level playfield is just a matter of time. And the ones that are ignoring the law are either accruing liability, they're going to pay for it sooner or later one way or the other. We can't tell you the timing, but it is going to happen. As it relates to our business on the ground, our CIPD position is very strong. So we're very confident as it relates to our category position and our business has returned to solid profitability. Now we see profitability in the UK, healthy and improving into the balance of the year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, absolutely. As far as gaining share versus our competition, I'll tell you gaining share isn't a priority for us right now. It's happening naturally in some of the reopenings and it could be because of a mixed shift, for example, travel, the travel category is growing at very, very significant rates, and we tend to skew high on the travel category or the Uber for business category. So we are observing some share gain in the U.S. and frankly, in most countries around the world, we're observing these kinds of share gains. And it maybe that the kind of consumer that's an Uber consumer is higher end, travels a lot, travels for business, et cetera, is coming to the platform pretty quickly, and obviously we're a beneficiary of that. Our focus is on profitable growth and I think we're able to achieve profitable, call it, durable growth while gaining share versus our competitors because of the power of the platform. And so it's kind of naturally happening. It's not something that we have to lean into, and we're a lot less focused on, let's say, our competitors or competitors share as we are the opportunity to grow the business durably to add on new segments, such as taxi or hail-ables, two-wheelers, three-wheelers or lower cost product, whether it's high capacity vehicles, et cetera, that's really the focus and the share will take care of itself, although it has been taken care of itself. And we're quite constructive in terms of share gains. As far as the delivery reopening impact and frequency, listen, when you look at our delivery business, MAPCs were up 4% year-on-year, basket sizes were up 3% year-on-year, frequency was up 4% year-on-year. So all of the core metrics that drive the business are positive and because of our innovation, as it relates to bringing more earners on to the platform and then the density of the network driving cost for transaction down, we're able to improve the margins of the delivery business. So we're happy with the trends that we see, and we think that our frequency is going to also be assisted by our cross-platform usage and a higher penetration of Uber One members into our gross booking space. We are the penetration of Uber One members is still low generally for us and low compared to some of our competitors. And we see higher frequency with Uber One members. So we think that's a natural tailwind that can maybe combat some of the headwinds that some folks are seeing in the reopening.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Hi, James, and thanks for the question. The most important factor that is helping these conversations move forward is that drivers want to be independent contractors. Drivers prize flexibility above anything. That's the reason why they earn on our platform. I think everybody knows in the U.S., if you want a job, you can have a job. If you want a full-time job, it's not a problem getting a job, but our opportunity, flexible work opportunities and healthy work opportunities is unique. You can work for us, you can work for competitors, you can work when you want, you can work where you want, et cetera. It's pretty powerful. And I think that, fortunately or unfortunately, in our Zoom world where white collar workers now have a lot more flexibility, maybe they also appreciate the value of flexibility in a way that they couldn't appreciate previously. So as it relates to New York or any other state, the good news is regulators are more and more aware that of what drivers want and drivers overwhelmingly want flexibility, and they want other protections and benefits, whether it's minimum earnings or other benefits which may change state to state to state. So I don't want to comment on New York specifically, we're having promising discussions there, but you never know when kind of the regulatory wins move one way or the other. But generally, I would say that the regulatory momentum is positive. You see that in Washington, in Massachusetts, we have a ballot initiative out there. We are very confident of our prospects in Massachusetts. And essentially, we like to see a negotiated settlement in these cities. Certainly, we'll look to have a negotiated settlement in Massachusetts, but we're confident if we have to go to the ballot, and hopefully, New York will get there, but we can't predict the time.
Dara Khosrowshahi: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call and great work to the Uber team. Q1 was a super, super strong quarter. We're expecting more of that in Q2. I think this is a quarter where we're starting to show separation against our competitors in terms of execution and that execution showing up in the financials in terms of a healthy growth profile that we expect to see for some period, and also profit generation and free cash flow generation coming up this year that we're very, very excited about. So thanks everyone for joining and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Nelson Chai: So Lloyd, I'll do the second one first, and Dara will do the UK after. As you know, we're still coming out the pandemic. We were clear early on that we’re going to focus on making sure we add ample liquidity. I covered this on Investor Day to let you know that, free cash flow largely trails EBITDA by about a $1 billion a year. And so that's why we have the confidence to make the statement that we'll be free cash flow positive this year. We certainly recognize given what's going on in the market right now, and we encourage all to get towards being free cash flow positive. So we think it'll be very important as we think about this cycle. As we think about capital return down in the future, we certainly going to be open to it, right. So we recognized that we're not going to get – we don't get paid for hoarding capital. As you know, in the past, there maybe some things we want to do and we will certainly look at capital return as one of those levers. But again, I think it was important that as you think about the pragmatic walk that we've taken on capital and on liquidity importantly. And as you know, we've taken every opportunity to improve our debt in terms of the amount of both extending and reducing the debt. And so I think you'll expect to hear more about this as we go into next year, but I think it was important to get to this point where we could declare that we'll be free cash flow positive this year. And then we understand about capital return. I think if you think of our equity stakes, while they were mark-to-market down, they're very good sources of liquidity. And many of those lockup restrictions expire, if you will or come due during the course of this year. And so depending on where markets trade as well, we'll have plenty of sources to return capital.
Nelson Chai: So our rides business has actually fully recovered versus where we were in pre-pandemic levels. And in fact, even on a trip basis, we're more than 95% recovery globally. We still have some room in the U.S. We're still in the high-70s in terms of recovery there, but we've really seen all use cases come back, including airport travel, pretty much in line with pre-pandemic levels. So we were seeing a very, very strong reopening on the mobility side.
Nelson Chai: As far as delivery goes, new verticals ARRs were continued to be higher than $4 billion. And we're seeing very, very strong growth there. We're also integrating the new verticals experience in a native way on Uber Eats, and we're seeing really, really promising early signal there. And when you look as of March, less than 10% of users who completed a delivery trip on Uber in the last month ordered new verticals. So there's huge opportunity there. That number is up 400 basis points year-on-year, but we think that the potential of essentially upselling new verticals opportunities to our eaters is very, very young, and there's a ton of upside left there.
