Dara Khosrowshahi: Kent, thank you. Welcome everyone to our first earnings conference call as a public company. We are very excited. Our IPO earlier this month was an important moment for Uber. It was a combination of nearly a decade of work to build the network, product, technology and operational excellence that power our global platform today. It’s also the result of more recent changes, including our adoption of a world-class governance standards and update to our cultural values, and a shift towards long-term partnership with cities, regulators, and the millions of people and organizations who use our technology to earn income owing to grow their business every day. While I am proud of what we have achieved at -- with our IPO, I have told our team that it is ultimately just one moment in a much longer journey. We have an even greater duty to create long-term value for investors, our customers, our employees and our many stakeholders. We will do this by making Uber the platform -- by making the Uber platform a one-stop shop for the movement of people and powering local commerce around the world at a massive scale over 700 cities and 63 countries.
Dara Khosrowshahi: All right. Thank you, Nelson. Sometimes simplicity is a beautiful thing. Now while the canvas that we operate against and seen complex our story is simple. We are the global player. We are the largest player in personal mobility. Our brand, our technology, our operational platform all give a structural advantages versus the monoline players. We have a generational and demographic wave behind us and our job is to grow fast, at scale and more efficiently for a long, long time. And while the markets that we compete in are and will remain competitive, we like what we see. Our IPO was an important step in our evolution but just a step. Our teams are focused, motivated, talented and very, very determined to prove Uber’s value to our shareholders. With that, we are ready for some Q&A.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think in terms of rewards, on the consumer side, we are going pretty aggressively in the U.S. and we are seeing very good early signal and we are seeing very high consumer satisfaction. The other great thing about rewards is that it knits our various services together. You have also seen that we have a subscription product on the ride side and you can anticipate our being more aggressive in tying in our different products across our subscription products as well. So, we are very happy with the early results from rewards, but it is early and we think that that’s a product that we can optimize pretty significantly going forward. And we are certainly looking at launches outside of the U.S. although we haven’t announced anything yet.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think on the competitive front there is no universal, everything single country is different and we would be here for half an hour if we describe the competitive position in every country. I think some important ones. In the U.S., if you listen to the Lyft conference call, for example, they talked about competing more on brand and I think that competing more on brand and product is, call it, a healthier mode of competition than just throwing money at a challenge. So we have seen that pencil out into the market, so to speak, and we are, obviously, operating independently. But I say we like what we see on the competitive front in the U.S., which is our largest market. In South America, in Brazil, Mexico, et cetera, we certainly saw competitive entry by DD and some other players and we are seeing it stabilize at this point. And so, again, will things get better or worse, we can’t predict. But I think that sitting here today versus where we were three months ago, we are always uncomfortable in our chairs, but we are less uncomfortable, so to speak, and I think, we have more of a handle on the competitive situation and I think we feel net better. Now that can get worse or better, but I’d say today, we feel better on the competitive front overall on a global basis. I think in -- as it relates to Eats and the landscape there in food delivery. Listen, there’s a lot of capital coming in because it is a huge category and there are some folks that believe that the category -- the food category can be larger than the ride category, and if that’s true, and by the way it could be true. In China, it looks like it is larger than the ride category that would be an enormous win for us. But today it does -- it is challenging and that there are many players that are well-funded, they are well operated and they are competing to win. But we are the biggest player outside our China. We love our team. We love our technology and the platform that we have and the ability of our ride business to, one, has built a brand that is very, very recognizable but also move riders from eaters is considerable and I will tell you that we are very, very early in the stages of exploring the many, many ways in which our Ride business can help continue to build our Eats business and vice versa by the way. So will there be consolidation? Yeah, I think, there will absolutely be consolidation. We are not in a hurry in that. I think that whether consolidation happened sooner or later, we will be kind of the biggest player on a global basis. We like our competitive chances. We love the advantage that we have as it relates to the platform. So we will play a consolidating part if it makes sense for shareholders from a long-term perspective. But it’s kind of a plan B, because our plan A, which is an organic plan is a great plan and we feel very strongly about it.
Dara Khosrowshahi: We should also expect, Nelson, correct me if I am wrong, which is our take rate for Eats on the way up…
Dara Khosrowshahi: …for the balance of the year versus the other way, so we have -- this should be the low watermark and then you should see the take rate for Eats increase over the balance of the year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And, Ross, just to your first question around on rationalization in a competitive environment, you alluded to this, but just to clear, it impacts take rate. It impacts sales and marketing as you think about driver and rider side, and all that. I just want to be clear on that side. Thank you for the question, Ross. Operator, next question.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. Sure. In terms of -- I will take the first question. Nelson will take the second question. In terms of New York City, listen, our business is pretty darn resilient. And the changes made in New York City, while we don’t think that they are consumer-friendly and the caps, et cetera, we certainly don’t think that they are driver partner friendly, our business has proven out to be pretty resilient. So it has translated into pretty substantial price increases to the consumer, to the rider. We have seen that effect trip volumes definitely because there is some price sensitivity as it relates to any product and ours is not accepted. But, overall, if you look at the dollar growth rate in New York, it’s still a healthy city for us. We do think we are still proponents of comprehensive reform in terms of congestion pricing, kind of more market-based regulation. We do want to be constructive here and a city with too much traffic and lots of cars standing still doesn’t serve us, doesn’t serve our riders, doesn’t serve our drivers as well. So our service has certainly shown its resilience. We think the environment can get better. But New York continues to grow for us and continues to grow at a healthy pace on a dollar volume standpoint.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Mark I will add a little bit to the prior question in that, as you think about sales and marketing, you think about promotions to the rider and you think about rationalization, generally, that has an impact there as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Mark. I don’t want to give away too much in terms of competitive strategy going forward. But suffice it to say that we are starting to experiment in ways in which we can up-sell our ride customers to Eats deal in a way that to be plainspoken isn’t annoying in a way that is beneficial to our riders. And we are seeing some very, very encouraging early signal. Usually, if you -- if you have got a core product, and obviously, you can imagine that our app has a relatively limited space to promote other things to do other than get a ride. Usually they are plus or minus to your putting in a promotion to do something else. And what we found is that with Rides and Eats, we have got very talented tech and product team, and we are seeing early signal where essentially you can have very little if any cannibalization of a Ride and throw a significant amount of potential demand onto the Eats side. And these are very early experimentation results, and again, are very much could be won, but are showing a signal that creates a good amount of excitement for us in-house. There are also ways for us to tie the businesses together as it relates to loyalty program, which we are pretty early on in, as it relates to subscriptions, as it relates to promotions, et cetera on the backend, which again we are fairly early in the experimentation stage. So, I think, that -- I don’t want to give away too much, but there’s a whole host of activity that the teams are focused on. And really what we are looking to do is significantly increase the percentage of our MAPCs that use those products and when we see customers using more than one product, their engagement with the platform more than doubles. So not only does engagement with Uber increase, but the engagement with our individual products increases as well, so it’s kind of a win, win, win.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I guess the other way that I’d put it is that, the markets with high contribution margins, we don’t consider it to be outliers. The outliers were the U.S. where our company went through some very, very significant challenges as it related to brand and what has frankly been a strong competitor and lift. And so, the U.S. is an outlier as far as the scale business that hasn’t yet achieved very strong contribution margins. There are markets like Latin America where we have got our competitor come in more recently, but from a structural standpoint, actually this is a business that we believe can be a very significant contribution margin positive and the one outlier is in the U.S., and in the U.S. we suffer some brand damage. That’s very unusual. That’s going to take some time to repair. And now, I think in the U.S. we are in a competitive position with the other player where competition is going to be more health. It’s going to be based on brand and products and technology, which we think is the right place to compete versus throwing money of the problem. I think on the quarter is to low cost, et cetera. Listen, I think, that there are many different ways in which we take on low cost. First of all, as it relates to the POOL products. What we are really focused on is being more efficient and increasing the match rates as it relates to each trip, and it means being smarter about which trips we match. And then also the introduction of Express POOL that essentially adds waiting and then adds walking to the equation in order to increase the match rates as well. Historically, we have price POOL quite aggressively in order to create liquidity in the marketplace in order to create the opportunity to match. Now, actually I pay the majority of the work is and in improving our matching capabilities versus using pricing thing to increase liquidity. Beyond POOL and Express POOL, we are investing in high-capacity vehicles either we call it Uber Shuttle or Uber Buff  that we have launched in that number of markets. This is about taking matching to the next level,10 riders in a single vehicle, 15 riders in a single vehicle. We think we will do these ourselves, over a long-term and then they also partner up with governments, do kind of public private partnerships to be a part of the transportation solutions of the cities in which we operate. Beyond that are having public transport, we talked about the integration in Denver. We have integrated London public transit into our app as well. And while that’s not strictly our product that we will be marketing, it’s another essentially search or another occasion by which users will come to our app to learn what’s the best way to get from point A to B. And as every user every day in every city is opening up our app in the morning when they want to get to some place then good things are going to happen over a period of time. So we don’t think there’s any kind of magic lever here, but we are putting more against these different modes of transportation. And then you add to that, e-bikes, scooters, bolster our own products and through partnership with LINE and we are looking at partnering with other players as well. You just have a whole transportation ecosystem on one app, all your information, fully integrated with the loyalty building. So we think that’s a very, very powerful product, but it will take time for all of it to come together.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. When I talk about brand and product, really, it’s shorthand for talking about the quality of the service. What are your average GTAs? What are your ETAs kind of P90 ETAs? How do you make sure that every single customer interaction is a great interaction? What’s the quality of the vehicle and your driver partners? Are they happy? Are they hospitable? How is your pricing? How consistent is your pricing? How are your match rates, et cetera. So really kind of when you think about our services. There’s a cost to customer acquisition. How are you bringing customers into the funnel? We think we have an advantage because we essentially are acquiring customers across multiple verticals. Second is how long are your customers staying with you? How loyal are they? We think that with our loyalty programs, with subscriptions, with payments, with wallets, we have now all the tools again against a multitude of different products that we can offer on one consumer, so that we think that we have got kind of structural loyalty advantage over the other players. And then we are constantly iterating and improving our experience and our technology in order to make sure that it’s best of breed in terms of your ETAs, your pricing, your routing, how quickly do you get from point A to B and all the different choices that we offer you as well. So we think that’s a great area for us to compete in. And listen, the Uber brand is a brand that everybody knows all around the world and we have already built two multibillion dollar services on the Uber brand and we think Freight will be a third. So, we like competition as it relates to kind of brand product technology and we think that over the long term, our being the bigger player, our being the global player and our being the multi-product player is going to put us in a very good position where competition is not just about dollars. Now, if it is about dollars, we are going to push back as hard as anyone pushes us as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I will just to add a little bit of color. In general, if you look at last year Freight was probably the overall Logistics business was in an undersupply position. This year there’s more supply out there. There are more trucks out there. So pricing has come down. So the real focus of the Freight team now is to really focus on bringing in demand and going out and signing up the enterprise shippers. And that sale team is just really, really knocking it out of park. They are bringing in a lot of names. And usually, well, not usually, almost without exception, when we bring in a new name, we service them very well. We have won a bunch of Kona Shipper of the Year awards, et cetera, and then we build the business. So you are going to see our sales team out there. They are knocking on doors and fortunately the doors are opening at this point.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Great. Thank you for the question today and thank you everyone for joining us, and we look forward to catching up with you soon. Thank you.
Nelson Chai: Thanks, Dara. Now on to Q1 2019, which as a reminder came in at or near the high end of the financial ranges we provided last month in our perspective. Our GAAP revenue of $3.1 billion was up 20% year-over-year. Our GAAP cost of revenues excluding D&A of $1.7 billion increased to 54% from 45% of revenue in Q1 of 2018. Our GAAP EPS was a loss of $2.26 per share, compared to a gain of $1.84 in Q1 of 2018, which benefited from a $3.2 billion gain attributable to the Grab and Yandex transactions that closed during that quarter.
Nelson Chai: Sure. So, Heath this is Nelson. In terms on the Ride side, we haven’t really right, and so, the only the place that we are watching is New York. And as you know they are mandated pricing moves that have happened and we have been passing it on. So we have seen that increase. It’s been less about a category position story for us but pricing has increased and I think it probably does have ultimately some impact in terms of how gross bookings grow in the category there, but our position is quite strong there. Beyond that we haven’t seen that too much. Regarding your question about Eats. Yeah, India is an investment market for us, right? And so, there’s two things going on there. It’s going quite -- it’s growing very, very quickly. There two competitors that are very aggressive on it including ourselves. We are doing well on holding our own but it is a net market in that we are funding both the eater, the courier, as well as the restaurant in terms of building the business. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks if you think about a 400-basis-point difference in terms of our contribution or take rates, sorry, in year-over-year in Uber Eats it was half of it and the other half is really about increasing restaurant selection, increasing incentives for our restaurant partners and that’s the difference between how we are going there. But in terms of how the business is going out it continues to grow well. As Dara mentioned it’s more of a market by market situation. It’s growing very, very quick fast as you saw from our results and we continue to do well. But I would say that, there are certain markets where there are well-funded competitors that are growing and you see in the U.S. where we had a competitor that’s well funded and growing quite quickly and we are going fast as well, but they are growing their category position faster than us.
Nelson Chai: And then your last question was on the new service fees and so they just saw it. But they have been well received. We haven’t seen any impact on the business. As Dara said, you will see the take rates improve through the balance of the year and you should see the ANR increase as well, as you think through the balance of the year in terms of the growth rates.
Nelson Chai: And then Mark this is Nelson. On your second part of the question, yes, we expect that our core platform ANR as a percent of gross bookings to improve sequentially. And then we do expect that as we think through the back half of ‘19, we are going to see those benefits continue, as well as an acceleration year-over-year of our adjusted net revenue.
Nelson Chai: Yes. So that leverage was against -- it will be against both, but really -- but the point was about our gross book.
Nelson Chai: And then, Mark, on insurance there’s not a step function improvement, I would say, it’s more grinding now. And so what we have done over time is the team has built a great actuary book and so what that enables us to do is a couple of things. Now, first of all, you shouldn’t see quarter to quarter noise in our accruals and that’s actually pretty important. It allows us also to go in and work with a lot of the national carriers in our Transit business, so that is helpful. You heard in my prepared comments how we are leveraging technology and data to help in terms of instant response times. And so a great way to also help outcome is make sure you have really good fast in terms of response which we are doing. And then the one thing I would tell you is that over time, insurance, while there is a little bit of a service in the U.S. to offset, it’s largely impacting the U.S. Rideshare business. So it will continue to become a smaller part of the overall P&L as other parts of the business continue to grow quickly. So that would be my takeaway and so I think you will see us continue to grind out productivity out of insurance.
Nelson Chai: Yeah. So I will start on the contribution margins. So I think in the markets where we have high contribution margins. We are -- we have very strong category positions. We have good take rates. And so what I mean by that is the adjusted net revenue percent of gross billing that tends to be higher. And then in those markets, believe it or not, there are -- there is competition, but we have done a good job in terms of how the market has evolved and so we have very, very strong position from that standpoint. What you will see over time as we -- as the markets continue to evolve, you will see us continue, particularly in the rideshare side, focus more on contribution and you will see us get more efficient. And so we will get the scale benefits of just the -- our global scale versus everyone else is to deploy technology and operations. And you will see its continued to grind out some of the productivity metrics we are going to work on and things like insurance and things like payments and other things. And then, as Dara and I mentioned, the one wildcard is going to be market by market what happens from a competitive position. And so, while we feel comfortable sitting here today and looking into the next couple of quarters, those things can change, but as we see through those things that will happen. And then the last part of it, because again, this is a core contribution metric is, how Eats continues to evolve. In that -- what in the specific market where you mentioned that we have a very strong market position, we have a strong -- we have a good Eats business as well. And again, while we are not going to disclose where that place is, there are markets where we, again, we have good core contribution margins across the globe and you will see us continue to give you more highlights as we have the quarters continue here.
Nelson Chai: Sure. So the start of our payments is really on productivity right now and so 87% of the transactions that happen on Uber are done with a swipe. And so what we are doing right now is really focus -- the team is really focused on trying to drive down some of the costs and we are going to -- you are going to see those benefits. And those are both in terms of core process improvement. We have improved some of our cash collections and arrears, fraud prevention. There’s all sorts of different operating things as we continue to focus on productivity. And so that’s going on right now and we are seeing the benefits now and you will continue to see the benefits throughout the year moving forward. The second thing we did launch and which I mentioned is a closed-loop wallet. And it’s just really to help in certain markets like, Brazil, which is really a cash market for us, and it really helps in terms of a lot of cases because in the U.S., we really worry about riders. In Brazil, we have to really focus on drivers’ safety and so because drivers -- there are incidents with drivers, they are getting robbed or they are getting carjacked. And so, the more and more you can move away from cash and it’s beneficial, additionally, we do see that if you have Uber cash credit on your account, you will use our service additionally. The last thing is really just we are evaluating how open we own in terms of the wallet, which I think was your question. And I would say that’s an opportunity we are looking at now. You did notice that PayPal invested as part of IPO and so we are talking to a number of different partners and we are going to those own just that own process internally now upon opening want to be. You can envision that with a company that is growing as Dara said now, the runway to the business is over -- is approaching $60 billion a year in terms of our billings this year. There’s a lot of opportunity that we see ahead on it. So we are just working through that now. The real takeaway right now is just to focus on the productivity side, which we are getting and you will see in our results.
Nelson Chai: Yeah. The six countries. I’d highlight, listen, each of these countries is unique in its own way. Germany for us has been a country that has been a significant investment. I have been to Germany already three times. We are kind of growing in Germany the right way. It takes longer to build a service, to some extent based on the regulations there. But we are very happy with the growth rates in Germany, we are very happy with the quality of the service there. And we think that the regulations are headed in the right direction, so that we can build a larger service and in a way that ultimately is better for the cities. Germany has regulations, for example, of return to base where if a private hire driver takes you out to the airport he or she has to come back to base empty. That doesn’t make any sense, especially in a country like Germany that is such a leader in all the environmental issues that they play in. So, hopefully, over a period of time, they will recognize that. In Japan, which is the largest Taxi market in the world, we are launching in partnership with Taxi and we are building out our product suite as it relates to Taxi Partners. We are going out and having really good discussions with Taxi Partners and we are signing up Taxi Partners and kind of building of service the organic way and we are optimistic about the potential of Japan as the market and the potential of Taxi as a partner there. There’s some kind of creative ways in which we are working with Taxi which we think can result in pretty good, a pretty good thought services there as well. The Olympics are clearly a consideration for the government, and again, I think that we can play a constructive part and in building out a great business there. Argentina is another market for us that is showing us very, very strong signal and I think is one of the absolute bright lights in South America, and it’s mostly a cash market at this point, but we think has a ton of potential. There are some markets. Italy is very slow in developing. Spain, Barcelona for example has taken a step back. So all of these markets have their positives and negatives, but I think that, overall, they are going to be a net positive and when I look at five years forward, I think, that they will be real contributors into our ecosystem.
Nelson Chai: Actually, no, we are actually not -- we are not giving that kind of information out. But we look at that we have seen good signal there. We were pretty confident terms of the ability to grow out there. We are seeing it just because we see all the same store sales that we are getting with these national shippers. We continue to build out our routes. And as you know, the key to building a good Freight business is building kind of supply-demand across routes which we are building. We are not optimized yet. We are not big enough yet, but we are seeing very, very good traction there. And then, we will look forward to talking more about Freight. Again, we have been in the business a little over a year and a half or so. And again, we think that we will continue to grow -- the growth will continue to exceed 200% for the year.
Nelson Chai: Yeah. The only I will add -- one of the real win points for us is just it’s a very manual business if you know the Freight business and so we are able to automate it. And so are the enterprise shipper is like that. So whether the shipping creation like 87% of the time, it’s done electronically. The pricing is done almost 80% electronically and even the booking is done almost 80% electronically and so that wins. And so where we are seeing those benefits out there, and as Dara mentioned, the sales team has been going after it and so we are seeing good signal right now.
