Kevin P. Clark: Thanks, Joe. Let me summarize on Slide 19 before opening the call up to Q&A.  We delivered another great quarter, driven by continued strong demand for our industry-leading technologies and very solid operating execution. This positive momentum gives us confidence in our increased outlook for the fourth quarter and full year.  As Joe mentioned, we continue to work tirelessly on increasing the efficiency and flexibility of our cost structure, and we're confident that our strong performance in 2017 will translate into continued strong performance in 2018 and beyond, as we prepare for the separation of Aptiv and Delphi Technologies into 2 very well-positioned, independent public companies.  We look forward to sharing more with you on that front in the coming weeks and months and are very excited for another outstanding technology demonstration at our CES showcase in early January. We hope you can attend.  So with that, let's open the lineup for questions. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, Brian, I guess, a great question. Really, we view nuTonomy, and you're familiar with the company as well, as providing primarily incremental scale, but it doubles the amount of professional scientists, engineers that we have focused on autonomous driving, technologies, increasing our base from roughly 100 to 200. They bring with them very strong skill set. And when you look at the automated driving space, it's really all about speed. And they have developed capabilities, enhanced capabilities, commercial relationships, very strong IP and very strong, capable management team and resources that we felt could help us accelerate the development of the technologies that we have underway. 
Kevin P. Clark: Well, I think, there's 2 answers to that question. We're still on the pursuit for low-cost, solid-state LiDAR solution because our view is that they're absolutely critical for adoption in the consumer markets or by OEs. So ultimately, a very aggressive push to drive down costs and increase functionality. And when you look at the LiDAR solutions, where we've made investments today is really focused on that activity and focused on specific technology or capability that they bring, whether it be long-range, shorter-range corner, whenever the case may be. As it relates to commercial applications, the commercial customers, less pressure on solid-state solutions, more pressure on having a solution that operates well that functions and is available now. And for those applications, we're actually using mechanical LiDAR solutions for that market, electrical organic. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes. Listen, I think Joe should comment on the specifics. I think a couple of things. One, these numbers reflect -- the active safety numbers reflect booked business, so the business that we have in hand. Obviously, between now and 2025, there's an opportunity to book incremental business. I'd say that's one. Two, growth has been extremely strong. Growth in 2017 will be closer to 60% from 50%. But on a go-forward basis, as you know, you have the law of large numbers, right, and maintaining that same sort of growth rate becomes increasingly challenged -- challenging. Joe, I don't know if you want to... 
Kevin P. Clark: And Rod, I think it's important to note, we don't score it this way, and we shouldn't score it this way. But we believe that our investments in autonomous driving and our capabilities in automated driving really drive benefits in advanced active safety solutions. That has and will continue to translate into increased bookings and, ultimately, revenue growth. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, listen, we're -- on NAFTA, obviously, we're watching that very, very closely, both from a Delphi perspective and from an industry perspective, Rod. As we've said, free trade's important to our industry. We operate in a global industry. The supply chain is very global. Soft supply chain has been optimized, quite frankly, over the last 25 years. To the extent that gets affected in a negative way, I think it ultimately has implications for the cost of vehicles, which ultimately have implications for production and sale of vehicles. So that would not be positive, but we continue to watch it closely. From a tax standpoint, listen, anything that brings down corporate tax rates in the right way here in the United States would be helpful. Again, that's something we're trying to get additional clarity on in terms of what gets proposed and ultimately what gets passed. And we're a part of the dialogue that's going on from an industry standpoint and in Washington. So no specifics to offer upon it. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes. Listen, I think it'll be -- it will actually be a mix of both, principally a systems approach to provide to mobility providers and OEs. But to the extent we can advance the development of the underlying technology using our own vehicles, that's something that we will do. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, listen, with new OEMs to date, we've had conversations and are actually working with a few OEMs as it relates specifically to the hardware and the architecture. As it relates to, let's call it, vehicle manufacturers outside of a traditional OE space, you're starting with a clean sheet of paper and, quite frankly, a simpler starting point, a simpler vehicle, and quite frankly, it's easier to do. 
Kevin P. Clark: ; Yes. Well, listen, depending on the nature of the relationship and how integrated we are, we'll have the CSLP platform in 2019, so it's something that they could, in theory, have a good launch in 2019. Depending on the level of autonomy, it could be sooner, right? We're on the zFAS platform with Audi that has Level 3 automated driving capabilities today. And we provide some of the hardware, some of the software and the integration solution for Audi. So it depends on what level of autonomy that you're looking for. If it's a full Level 4, Level 5, it's 2019 or beyond. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, listen, I'll start, and Joe can chime in. I think, let me answer your question first specifically. Is there a possibility that there's upside? Yes, there's a possibility that there's upside. I think, what you're looking at is strong year-over-year comps, right, which is the pure math. That headwind as it relates to light-duty diesel and how quickly light-duty diesel declines. And do you continue to see the rapid growth in Gas Direct Injection? I think, for the quarter, GDI's up close to 60% year-on-year. Power electronics is up, although off a very strong number at a very high level. So it's a mix between year-over-year comps as well as light-duty diesel penetration declines. And yes, I think as you head into -- you look at 2017, is there a possibility that there is an upside based on current performance of the business? There's a possibility, but it's -- hinges on what happens in light-duty diesel. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, listen, it is an example. It's, I would say, the start of our smart architecture as it relates to automated driving or, I should say, the start -- at the beginning. There will be more advancements that will come. We're in dialogue, quite frankly, with a number of customers, their architecture needs for advanced active safety systems, automated driving systems as well as advanced infotainment user experience systems. So this is an area that, again, we think we're uniquely positioned relative to our peers in this space. And we think we can leverage for incremental sales on the infotainment side, on the active safety side, the autonomous driving side as well as we can use those software capabilities to leverage sales of our smart architecture. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, listen, if I can just augment, the financial profile of the 2 businesses really, really doesn't change. And it's our view that we've created tremendous value by returning excess cash flow to shareholders. And if we don't have the use for that cash, whether it be dividends or share repurchase, but that's something we can continue to do. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, listen, our -- that's a great question, and that's why we really have a two-pronged strategy as it relates to autonomous or automated driving. From a commercial market standpoint, it's our view that you'll see Level 4, Level 5 capabilities much sooner. That customer base has economic incentive to develop and implement and execute on the technology and do it sooner. Near term, they'll do it in geo-fenced, low-speed, urban areas, that will come well before 2025. As it relates to the traditional OEs or the traditional consumer market, our view that Level 4, Level 5 is a scenario that's quite frankly closer to 2025 than where we are today, and it's for all the reasons that you just highlighted, including costs. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, Joe, and listen, I completely agree with Joe. We have all the parts we need to bring it all together now. I think the important thing to also note, though, is we're really -- these investments are about repositioning the company. And I think when you look at the financial profile of the business that we are today, which is a great business, we're cash flow generative, we're high margin, we're cash flow efficient. As we become more software-oriented, the reality of the financial profile of this business improves. And that's what these investments are ultimately about, making sure that we meet our commitments near term, which we get up in the morning every day to do, but also making sure that we are making the appropriate moves, the appropriate investments so that we can reposition the business for how the industry is going to change and have it be an even more profitable, higher-growth, cash flow generative business than it is today. 
Kevin P. Clark: Thank you very much for your time. We look forward to seeing you in January at CES, and we're very focused on executing for the balance of the year. Thank you. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes. So in my comments, I mentioned, we'll have 60 -- on a combined basis, we'll have 60 vehicles by year-end on 3 continents. That will grow to over 150 vehicles in 2018 and will continue to grow beyond that at a pretty fairly accelerated pace. So we're very focused on getting vehicles on the road with commercial partners, one, to continue to advance the development of our technology; and two, to continue to identify sources of funding and revenue to help support the development. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, Chris, it's Joe. I can give you some of the specifics sort of where we're seeing the bookings and how we see it roll out. Where this business plays, what I would call sort of mid- to high-end infotainment systems. So there's no audio in these numbers. This is really mid- to high-end infotainment. Big wins with folks like Audi on hot conquest wins on high-end infotainment systems. That was one we booked last year for $1.2 billion in total. See those revenues rolling out on some of the more recent bookings, I would call it, from 2020 and beyond. So we really do see solid revenue growth in this business, as Kevin mentioned, for the foreseeable planning period through 2020. And then our view, this is one area, as we talked about at Investor Day, the inflection point, the revenue acceleration beyond 2020 can certainly see this business participating in that as well. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, I think that's right. Chris, through 2020, we're going to have 40% CAGR in active safety. We continue to see strong double-digit growth in '21 and 2022. But as Kevin mentioned, I think, we're, I'd say, a little conservative as you get out to 23, 24, 25. And as those bookings fill in, we'll certainly, I think, be adding to that number. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, let me start with nuTonomy, and I will go through the others. We're not going to give out obviously specific guidance, particularly on line items. I think a good way that Kevin mentioned is -- I think a good way to frame nuTonomy spend would start with doesn't change our views from a financial framework perspective from what we gave from '18 to '20 at Investor Day in terms of margin expansion and profitability earnings growth. Kevin mentioned it effectively doubles the size of our business and/or our resources in AD. Next year, we were planning to spend about $70 million prior to nuTonomy. So I think, sort of that doubling concept would work well as the guidepost for additional spend. As it relates to E&S margins, I think, and we had another great quarter. We clearly think it makes sense to be investing in this business. The new mobility spend as well, as what I'll call, sort of pursuit and engineering costs related to the growth of active safety and infotainment. If you take out just the new mobility spend out of E&S, it printed at about 10.5% OI this quarter. Excluding new mobility spend, over the coming years, between '18 and '20, we certainly see that E&S margin moving into the 11s and towards the high-end of the 11s over that time period. So we see good profitability in this business. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, flow-through on increased sales volume was over 30% in the business this quarter. So the margin and backlog and what we're seeing flowing through is right where we expected and consistent with margin improvement over time in that business. The active safety business, even at $550 million of revenue, is basically at segment margins today. So again, that's what I'll call heavy pursuit and heavy engineering for those businesses. And when I adjust, I'm only adjusting, what I call, the automated driving and you mobility spend, the pursuit in engineering, we're leaving in that margin forecast. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, it's -- there's a couple of things. One, euro, stronger euro, that flows, Rod, call it, about 10%. And then as the euro moves, we picked up, what I'll call some transactional balance sheet benefits on other European countries. So we had -- and we don't talk about these a lot, but there were some moves. There's Turkish lira and a couple of other, Eastern European countries moved in our favor. And we had a strong renminbi quarter that put some transactional gains. So I'd call it sort of half-and-half euro translation flowing through and then some onetime transactional gains that came through. 
Joseph Massaro: Rod, real quick on your first question. Sorry, didn't mean to skip over it. We're thinking new mobility spend is about $60 million for the year. And we've got a little over $20 million to spend in the fourth  quarter. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, Itay, I think, the increase, obviously, relates to new -- to the nuTonomy acquisition, increased resources, things they have in the works really around the world with things like Robotaxi, Grab, Lyft. See, I think this is consistent. We see an earlier opportunity in mobility on-demand providers. To your point, we see that as a system. So CSLP-type system first going in to the business. That's really what the increase -- the other thing we're seeing, and this was to Kevin's point on his slide around the sort of the convergence with active safety. We're seeing a lot of interest from OEs on, what I'll call, sort of Level 3 and Level 3-plus active safety. And folks coming to us, specifically given our automated driving capabilities and our expertise in active safety, and trying to figure out how best to meld those technologies. And I think, for us, that's going to be -- when you talk about 2023 through 2025, that is going to be an extension of our active safety business and, I think, some real strong early wins in automated driving. 
Joseph Massaro: I think, David, the way we think about it, to Kevin's earlier point, you got somebody like Tesla who designed the car from their cars, from the ground up to be platforms for these technologies, right? So they're architected in such a way. I think traditional OEs will go through to -- go down 2 paths. There will be things like the AA where they try to work through how best to integrate Level 3-type capabilities into the existing frame, the existing structure of the vehicle. Or this is really where we get into our smart architecture discussions. When you talk about vehicles being launched in 2022, 2023, the discussions we're now having with the OEs is how to design that smart architecture. So in 2022, 2023, it accommodates Level 3, and that same architecture can grow into Level 4, Level 5 from 25 and beyond. So there is some sort of what you refer to as retrofitting. There is some how to fit it into existing framework, those tend to be the higher vehicles like the AA. But when you get into other discussions, it's really about how to redesign, and that was the big push we had during Investor Day talking about smart architecture and the discussions we're having with customers about how to design that car of the future. 
Joseph Massaro: Listen, nothing significantly different than what we've been talking about. It's actually flat in Q3. We expect it to be down. [indiscernible] total light-duty diesel for us. We expect it to be down about 4% for the -- our revenue growth down about 4% for the year. So I would say just in line with what we've been seeing. A little choppy quarter-to-quarter, but it always is. But no major sort of [indiscernible] left on light-duty diesel. 
Joseph Massaro: Well, I think, it was cash flow guidance, we had updated in August for the unsecured creditors. We took that in. So that was fully baked in, it obviously came out of cash this quarter. So really had no significant adjustments to the cash flow number. We have done that in August. In answering Rod's question, again, we stay away from specific guidance. We expect, pre-nuTonomy, our automated driving mobility spend to be, call it, roughly right around $70 million. We're still working obviously through our plans. That would be up, call it, $10 million year-over-year from where we end in 2017. Again, if I had to use a benchmark for how much nuTonomy would run, as Kevin said, they sort of doubled our resources. So I think doubling the $70 million is a good initial proxy. Obviously, we're still working through our full year 2018 expectations. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, we'd obviously expect to see margins continue to expand in that business as volume comes in. We got to do a really good job of running that business with cost structure front of mind. As we've seen in prior quarters, with additional volume, they tend to flow much, much more strongly. Big part of our overall margin expansion plan at 20 to 40 basis points a year obviously comes from leveraging that business. So we'd expect to see margin expansion that sort of fits that framework in that business. 
Joseph Massaro: And David, the other part I'd will point out, and it's on that same slide, but it's a great, great aspect to the selective architecture business is this high-voltage business. So $4 billion of light to big bookings. We've already got over $300 million of revenue for high-voltage applications in electrified vehicles, whether it's hybrids or full EVs. And that business is already at segment margins, even at the $300 million revenue level. It's a very profitable product line. And again, it speaks to sort of the future applicability of Electrical Architecture with these more complicated, whether it's smart architecture or electrified cars. 
Joseph Massaro: No, no, let me speak for Aptiv. Aptiv capital allocation strategy will look very similar to Delphi. So prioritize investment in the business, engineering, CapEx. We'll have a competitive dividend. Obviously, those things will be sorted out as we move closer to the spin but dividend will remain competitive. We'll look to do strategic and accretive M&A. And to the extent that's not available, we'll be in the market with share repurchases. Again, as I said before, that gun doesn't shoot straight on a quarterly basis, but trade-offs between timing of M&A and share repo. But overarching will not change. Delphi technology is obviously that's a decision that separate board of management make. But as Liam has talked about a number of times publicly, he expects to take sort of Delphi DNA with him, and I think that will include capital allocation strategy. 
Joseph Massaro: So I think, yes, I go back to the financial frame work, right? So we, I think we got a great track record of this very focused on margin expansion, very focused on earnings growth, aggressively tackle our cost structure on a regular basis, whether it's through increased manufacturing performance, increased sourcing activity. The other aspects of our margin expansion, we have a lot of product lines that still have a long way to go from a growth perspective. We talk about active safety going from $500 million of revenue today or a little over to $2 billion, infotainment doubling since 2016. That volume provides incremental margin opportunities. So we feel very comfortable even with the additional spend in the new mobility segment that we'll continue to be able to meet the commitments as it relates to that financial framework. I think, if I understood your second part of your question right, if you're talking about things we need to go out to buy for automated driving, we really feel like nuTonomy is a very good addition and really don't see the need to go out for similar acquisitions. We'll continue to invest in the businesses, but this brings us a lot of capabilities, brings us a lot of know-how, positions us very well geographically. We now get strong bases of operations in Singapore, Boston, Pittsburgh, Silicon Valley. So we feel, from a footprint perspective, this really does give the automated driving business what it needs to continue down the development roadmap. So I don't see big acquisitions down the future for other things like nuTonomy. 
Joseph Massaro: OE assumptions in those numbers is around really around Level 3, so not Level 4, 5. So we see line of sight and some Level 3 revenues by 2025 that would be OE-related. As it relates to inventory, there are a few things going on as it relates to growth. Talked about active safety and infotainment growth that's driving a little bit of higher volume here in inventory. Also add some, again, as we focus on the cost structure, there are some plans in place, which requires some stock builds, and those will be worked out, will all be worked out consistent by Q4. I don't think I'd say that, but certainly over the next coming 2 quarters, you can see that coming down. 
