Kevin Clark: Thank you, Joe. Let me wrap up on slide 17 before opening it up for Q&A. As I mentioned earlier, the second quarter proved very challenging as the industry met unprecedented declines in vehicle production in both North America and in Europe. With the successful research of operations, we believe our robust business model and the solid execution of our strategy have validated our through-cycle resiliency and have differentiated Aptiv, such that even in the most difficult of times, we’re capable of capitalizing on the safe, green and connected megatrends that are driving increased vehicle content and translating that capability into market share gains. While the near-term outlook for underlying market trends and overall end market demand for new vehicles remains uncertain, the actions we’ve taken to enhance our financial flexibility during the crisis will drive continued financial outperformance. We’re confident that our disciplined approach to capital allocation will lead to additional value creation opportunities for Aptiv and drive increased shareholder returns. Our confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable value creation is underpinned by the dedication and commitment of our people, which is our greatest asset. I’d like to reiterate how proud I am of our 160,000 team members, who through all the recent challenges has made significant personal sacrifices, while continuing to think and act like owners so that Aptiv could operate safely and deliver for our customers and for our shareholders. Looking ahead, we’re confident we will emerge from this crisis more unified in our mission in a stronger competitive position and financially even more resilient. With that, let’s open up the line for Q&A.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, Dan, I’ll make a comment on that. Listen, we feel like we’re extremely well-positioned from a portfolio standpoint. Principally in that SPS segment to benefit from the drive towards more high voltage, whether it be battery electric vehicle or plug-in hybrid. And when you look at, at least industry projections as it relates to high-voltage electrification out to 2025 to roughly, let’s call it 25% of vehicle production and well beyond that in 2030. We feel as though we’re extremely well-positioned, both based on the strength of our existing high-voltage product portfolio, as well as our competitive position in the low voltage market, quite frankly, right. We’re on roughly one of every three to four vehicles globally. So we’re dealing with those customers, those traditional OEMs today. And have significant opportunities with the emerging OEMs in the future.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, maybe I’ll start, Joe, and then Joe can certainly chime in. I think we should start with over the last several years, as you all know, we’ve been very focused on optimizing our cost structure. So over the past three of four years, we’ve taken out $350 million to $400 million of overhead costs out of our cost structure. So in reality, as you look at how we’ve operated historically, there wasn’t a whole lot of extra cost left to reduce. Having said that, given the lower volume outlook for the current year and as we look at 2021 relative to our perspective a year or so ago, there’s opportunity from a footprint and resourcing standpoint. Obviously, we’re evaluating our overall manufacturing and engineering footprint. How we operate it. So there is some opportunity there. Having said that, at least for the foreseeable future there’s going to be incremental costs related to keeping our employees safe and operating with the safety protocols. So there’s - again, there's some opportunity to operate more efficiently. I’m not sure we would tell you that we learned anything new going through this process. I would say, we recognize that vehicle production is going to be operating at a lower level. Therefore, there are actions we need to take to reduce our overall cost structure. Joe, is there anything…
Kevin Clark: Yes. I think the put - the comment Joe made about how well we operated in the second quarter, just to put it in perspective and provide you with a little bit more context. Through Q2, roughly 95% of our salaried workforce was working from home and when you look at it on average - on average, roughly 64% of our global hourly workforce was on TLO. So in periods of time where that was well north of 80%. And so the ability to ramp down production and then ramp back up production to be operating, as we talked about, at roughly 85% of manufacturing normalized capacity, to do that manage the supply chain and have zero customer interruptions is really a testament to how strong the team managed and operated during the quarter.
Kevin Clark: Yes. No. I think, Joe, to your point, there's a lot of momentum is really recognition that vehicle architecture needs to be reevaluated and the approach to how vehicles are architected and engineered needs to be changed. I guess, as we've communicated before, we're in discussions with, I don't know, 10 to 12 OEMs regarding smart vehicle architecture, our initiative programs they're working. You're right, there's more - or has been more momentum as it relates to the luxury OEMs, more – there are historically been more momentum with the luxury OEMs, I think more recently you are seeing more momentum with those who also operate in the mass market. We feel as though we have the solution that scales from what we can consider more traditional mass market vehicles up to the luxury segment. As we've disclosed previously, we have two advanced development programs or two programs, two advanced development programs with OEMs. There are actually three total programs that we believe learning’s from our perspective and from the OEM perspective. You'll see more adoption of the SVA approach across a broader mix of OEMs. And quite frankly, it's that whole - it's that trend of domain centralization that you're seeing in ADAS, that you're seeing in integrated cockpit controllers that you're really seeing across the entire vehicle. And our second generation ADAS solution, you'll see a significant step function move forward as it relates to how that system is architected, extraction of software from hardware and scalability of the system. So a lot of momentum.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. No, I'd just add a couple of things. I think, Brian, to the extent we haven't seen anything, but to the extent we've heard discussion in and around delays as it relates to active safety, that would be in the Level 3 category. And the reality is those revenues are kind of 2025 and beyond. Active safety as a product helps OEMs sell. And then you have the added benefit of the tailwind of NCAP standards in Europe. And as you know, the AEB commitment here in North America, driving more demand for active safety, and it's something consumers want. As it relates to high-voltage, when you look at the cost pressure that the industry -- the incremental cost pressure that the industry is under if anything, we've seen a more -- a stronger commitment towards high-voltage and likely stronger demand from OEM customers as well as the consumers as they tend to increase the focus on costs coming down, battery costs coming down as well as performance vehicle going up. And then third, as it relates to vehicle connectivity, the industry, as you know, spending $50 billion a year on warranty costs, and one of the big solutions is OTA and vehicle connectivity. And with vehicle connectivity, those costs can be reduced significantly. So, that certainly is an area that we've seen a lot of traction over the last few quarters from an OEM standpoint, and expect that to continue.
Kevin Clark: It's really - it's a mix of both, right? It is July, right? So there is a fair amount of time between now and the beginning of 2021. But just based on what we're seeing today in front of us based on dialogue with customers based on in, looking at kind of the macro picture in a view that we're going to be dealing with COVID for some period of time, that you're going to have some flare-ups of COVID in North America as well as Europe, that you look at GDP growth and unemployment, as we head into the back half of the year. That a portion of the strength in Q2, and – early Q3 production is about, rebuilding inventory levels that – all that's factored into our outlook, our early outlook for 2021 vehicle production.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I think one of the points that Joe and I have tried to articulate in our prepared comments is, clearly, 2020 is challenged given COVID. Clearly, the industry is improving, but our view is it's a slow-paced recovery that impacts 2021. But as it relates to our technology and how we're positioned and the tailwinds related to the industry and where we sit from a product portfolio standpoint, where we sit from a global footprint standpoint, we're perfectly positioned, and that all comes together, certainly in the out years. And we hope it comes back quite frankly sooner. But when you think about overall vehicle mix, high-voltage Level 2+, Level 3 adoption of things like Aptiv safety, all vehicles having OTA that we can have more vehicle connectivity, that's a couple of years out.
Kevin Clark: I'd say our launch activity is pretty balanced globally, right? We're launching a number of active safety and high-voltage products in Europe. Obviously, working through the T1XX SUV launch in North America now. So I think it's fairly balanced. It's -- our launch activity pre-COVID was always lumpy, right? You go into these big launches and you ultimately level off on a sequential basis and lap on a year-over-year basis. So that's sort of -- that cadence is continuing. But that's a very consistent story. It's already been in the past and very balanced. Our regions, certainly not quite one-third, one-third, one-third but roughly in that direction. The bookings have been roughly in that direction. And as a result, the launch activity, again, it can change over time as big programs launch in different places, but it's a fairly consistent level of activity, it just sort of cycles through. We've got a lot of launches in China in Q2. We had a lot of launches in the back half of last year in China. So you're going to see some sequential sort of stabilization and a little bit of lapping year-over-year. And again, as we've talked about, that growth over market, while we think it's important as a sort of a full year metric and a guidepost for thinking about the out years, it often doesn't shoot straight in a particular quarter. And given all the disruptions to production over the past five months, it's going back to China shutdowns. It's just -- it's hard to expected to shoot straight every quarter, and I think it will be like that for the next few quarters.
Kevin Clark: Sure. So it's Kevin. Why don't I - so I don't know all the specifics about the mobile announcement. There's clearly a trend from an industry standpoint to head towards platforms towards scalable platforms. Based on what we're aware of, the relationship between various providers of perception systems really hasn't changed. Sometimes that kind of tracking goes to the Tier 1, sometimes it goes directly to the OEM. I can tell you with respect to the platforms that we're on, we do all the sensor fusion, right. So it's our radar solution. It's our camera. There's a vision solution from a provider. And as you know, we have a great relationship with Mobileye, and they're our vision provider. We do all the sensor fusion in our compute platform we provide the ADAS controller. So from our perspective, in the particular, for example, you're talking about based on what we know, and we feel like we know it pretty well, there's really no change. And you'll see periodic situations where the OEM for probably, quite frankly, for purchasing leverage decides that they want to contract directly with the provider and the Tier 1 continues to do the integration. Some Tier 1s will bring additional capabilities, whether it's feature development, perception system development, do that integration, do that center fusion so that the entire ADAS system operates. And that's clearly how we operate and no change in the model that we're selling to customers and that we're operating under
Kevin Clark: Hi Emmanuel. It’s Kevin. So no, so are we seeing -- does the opportunity remain absolutely. I would say, given the pressure on the supply chain, both just logistically from a capability standpoint as well as cost. OEMs seem to be much more focused on strong global capabilities as well as ability to scale and the opportunity to leverage platforms and so we're in the midst of a number of discussions about those opportunities. But those are not opportunities where the revenue switch gets flipped in a quarter or two, right? It's a year or two years, it's a year would be short -- very, very short term. More normally, it's a couple of years out from a revenue opportunity.
Kevin Clark: The booking opportunity is near-term. The revenue – I though you are talking about revenue. The revenue opportunity is, in reality, a couple of years out, even if it's an existing program that's under production. Because the reality is activity needs to be transitioned. Manufacturing needs to be transitioned. Supply chain needs to be changed. And obviously, OEMs are very sensitive to any risk of disruption. So that takes some amount of time. But certainly, the bookings opportunities are there. First half bookings, just given COVID-19, when you look at the level of opportunities, at least since I've been around here, probably the lowest that we've seen, the booking opportunity to the extent they don't shift out of the back half of the year are at much higher levels than what they've been previously. I think it's fair to assume, though, just given dealing with COVID that remains in the environment. There's some inefficiencies. So there will be some slight shifting. We've talked about it in the past being anywhere between a couple of months to a quarter, maybe two. But the opportunities there are real.
Kevin Clark: Yes, Emmanuel, listen, I think the general takeaway from my perspective at least, is the focus on our – keeping our financial framework intact. And I know we've commented on that 20% to 22%. That's historically what we've seen. We do believe we'll see that go forward. And then there's a number of other things that are happening in the world, right, around PPE and shutdowns if COVID comes back and again, I think it’s just very early days to be speculating on those types of things. So I think as you saw with Q2 and hitting that basically breakeven when you think about 35 million of PPE and a negative $49 million EBITDA number. And we've talked for two or three years now about getting our breakeven EBITDA down to a 40% decline in revenue. And I think we're – that was part of our framework we’re effectively there, so we'll work hard to offset what can be offset. But I think that's – I tend to stick to the framework when I think about the business.
Kevin Clark: Great. Thank you, everyone. We – I appreciate you attending our call. We hope everyone stays safe, okay? Take care.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, Dan. Its Joe. You’re right. It’s about net $100. So COVID was about, call it round numbers, a little more than 30 in the quarter. And that’s the direct costs. So the cost of PPE and the like, I think it’s fair to assume, those continue for a period of time in theory, as we brought back more employees. We’re currently roughly at 85%. That would go up. That’s obviously variable. There’s an element of that that's variable to the employee number. The austerity measures, Q2 was a fairly significant effort from an austerity perspective, that $135 million with a lot of people out on furlough and TLO obviously, that’s harder to sustain or not sustainable once you get up to 85% production. So those costs have started coming back into the - back into the business. The way I would think about decrementals at this point, I’d expect, the back half of the year to look more like Q1, maybe a little more favorable to Q1, because Q1 had a couple of points in there as related to the China shutdown. But I’d be thinking more of sort of a Q1 decremental than a Q2, maybe a couple of points better, if we don’t experience shutdowns.
Joe Massaro: I think that's well said, Joe, the only thing I’d add is, is I think the discipline and I’ll, sort of, call the muscle within the organization to manage costs, that –that’s the same discipline of muscle we used to take the 350. It’s the same discipline we use to manage Q2 and the austerity measures, and we’ll obviously continue to apply that to a lower volume scenario. They won’t necessarily be the same cost, but I’m confident the organization is very good on executing at these types of things I think as Q2 shows.
Joe Massaro: Yes, Brian, also it's Joe. I'll start with the recent markets, the non-auto and CV. Again, small numbers, relatively speaking, but has actually held up quite well. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a number of those operations were designated essential businesses and remained open and have so therefore, didn't necessarily need to reopen or come back and have maintained themselves pretty well. I think you're – that part of the business, we're looking to – so to be flattish to prior year to down low single digits, depending on the market, depending on the product. So holding up on a relative basis quite well. I think as it relates to the ongoing or sort of the more software like revenue streams, obviously, that's something we're continuing to develop and to work on. There's nothing sort of significant of that nature in the actual results today.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. Mark, it's Joe. I think the - very consistent with where we sort of left off in 2019. So really, bulk of the activity within SPS, always have a sort of a near to the ground for opportunities within ASUX, but they're just given the nature of that space and sort of how we’ve outdistanced ourselves sort of from a product development organically, they're a little bit fewer and far between. So mostly with an SPS, around the Engineered Components businesses, HellermannTyton connection system, bolt-ons, bolt-ons for Winchester, the non-auto interconnect business. As expected, the – we have seen some processes start back up. They tend to be domestic ones and they tend to be smaller ones at this point. Some of that tends to be just around the travel restrictions and getting from here to there. But we do have a couple of processes that it did start back up during the quarter. As I mentioned during the equity raise, we had a number of management presentations that were cancelled in that February, March timeframe. We had expected those to start back up. As you may know, within engineered components, those types of deals, a lot of them tend to be private equity owned. So there's an element of -- they're going to be for sale at some point. I think there are opportunities. Depending on the end markets, to the extent -- to the extent we can get enough information and get enough visibility around price discovery. We see some of those coming back in the back half of the year.
Joe Massaro: Day to day, right? I think the industry we think the industry is trying to push really and get back on track. But starting, quite frankly, starting last year - or quite frankly, the last couple of years, incremental focus on high-voltage electrification as a propulsion solution, most of that coming out of Europe and out of Asia Pacific. The one item that maybe COVID has helped accelerate, is the cost pressure associated with developing solutions, Ice solutions as well as electrified solutions. And it appears to be more OEMs seem to be just given capital constraint, more committed on how do we, focus on the development of technology in one area versus two areas. From a cost-effective - from a cost management or capital management standpoint which we believe will ultimately translate into continued acceleration of high-voltage adoption. When you look at what's being talked about, at least as it relates to the election here in the US and the platforms of some of the candidates clearly more support of electrified vehicles whether that's funding of technology or incentives for consumers to buy electrified vehicles. And then we tell you the last tailwind related to high-voltage is, quite frankly, consumer demand. I mean, we did a survey recently. Survey respondents over half said they would entertain buying a high-voltage vehicle and 25% of the respondents said that they would buy a high-voltage or battery electric vehicle as their next vehicle purchase. So as you can imagine, that's quite a switch from three years ago. So our view is high-voltage is a real strong tailwind for our SPS segment. And as Joe has taken you through the numbers in the past, content in a high-voltage vehicle is quite that on a traditional internal combustion engine vehicle. So it's unit and content opportunity.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I would say based on everything going in, we're certainly not going to speak to 2021, I meant this at this point. But I -- we're very comfortable with the growth profile we've laid out for S&PS, as Kevin mentioned, there's clearly some upside from the high-voltage business. Our Connection Systems business, whether it's on the auto or on the non-auto side, continues to do quite well as does HellermannTyton. But I think to get to that level, you need to be firing on all cylinders, sort of, all the time, and we certainly never assume that's going to be the case. But very comfortable the growth profile we've laid out that is a great business. It's performing well on the top-line as well as the operating performance. So certainly expect that to continue even in a weaker environment 2021.
Joe Massaro: Yes. And Dan, real quickly just the margin question, from our perspective, no longer-term changes in our margin expectations for active safety or the ASUX segment. Clearly, 2020 is a very disruptive here. When you think of the segment being down 129% on EBITDA in the quarter, obviously, that goes all the way down to the product lines, right? That's where those costs are. So, but that high single-digit, low double-digit EBIT profitability we were talking about in prior years and expecting in 2020 the long-term view of that has not changed.
Joe Massaro: Yes, John, it's Joe. I think it's labor capacity. It's amount of heads we brought back in. I mentioned sort of that 55,000 folks coming back into Mexico. Obviously, there's some -- and we're be very cautious at this point, not going to give 2021 thoughts around incrementals and such, there's a lot of moving pieces. But have those folks back in, obviously, there's some inefficiencies around restart, there's some inefficiencies around operating with COVID and the environment. With that said, I think the restart is going very well, all things considered. Where we need to add costs or take costs out going into 2021 is really going to be dependent on schedules by region and customers by region, right? It's - you can sort of sit there and say, okay, if you're at 85%, you only think you're up 10%. That sounds like it's leverageable. He's going to be a little bit of where that is and on what product lines and with what customers before you can sort of balance that all out. So there's obviously a lot of work to do for us, and we'll work through it over the next four to five months here and working through where those moving pieces are and where they are going to come from.
Joe Massaro: Yes, John, but I think that 85% relates really to kind of late Q2. And if you look at kind of sequential from Q2 to Q3 to Q4, right, you do see some ramp-up of production. So you'll see us bring back some additional employees.
Joe Massaro: Yes. No, Chris, it's still a little bit of early days for that, right? Again, you've got to remember, we've been up and running for 3.5 weeks to four weeks in the quarter with in June with that type of activity. So it's a little earlier for that. Again, my sense of what we're looking at and certainly what we're working towards or working to do better would be my earlier comment is to be at Q1 with probably a couple of points of improvement, Q1 decrementals with a couple of points of improvement, assuming no shutdowns because we were shut down for a period of time in China during Q1 and that obviously adds to pretty significantly to the decremental. So that's apart from the direct cost. As I mentioned to Dan's question, we're - can see $30 million to $35 million of cost per quarter direct costs and then sort of overcoming that to get back out of that sort of Q1 decremental with maybe a little bit of help from not being shut down. And it's just -- also we're working through all of that, but you need -- you need to run, you need to run consistently, you need some scheduled normalization here to be able to work through that. And that's what we'll do for 2021. And that will obviously again, as I mentioned, we're very confident in our ability to take a look at our cost structure and figure out how to do better. I think you've just seen us do over the last couple of years. And obviously, Q2 is a bit of a testament to that as well. And we just need some time to work through that as we get into 2021.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, I think there is some sort of good old-fashioned lapping launches, so sort of the normal and then the other thing, I think, as I've mentioned a couple of times now. You're just going to see as production of various platforms comes back at different times. That's just going to be a very choppy calculation. But from what we're looking at, we've had some strong launch activity back half of last year. We've had some good launch activity. Even in China in Q2 and some of that's going to sort of flatten out and lap is really what's driving it. And that's -- there's some of that that's going to be driven by COVID, but that's also just the way we've historically worked over the past number of years. It's just -- it's not a perfect calculation every quarter.
