Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. Turning to Slide 18, I am happy with the bookings momentum, which will yield strong profitable growth in the years to come. We have work to do, but we’re making a lot of progress on several initiatives that will improve both earnings and cash flow in the near and long-term. As Joe discussed, we’re further optimizing our cost structure, increasing prices to offset inflation and attacking anything else that we can control or we can influence. I’m confident these actions will translate into a significant improvement in second half margins and cash flow and provide a solid action point as we move into 2023. More details around the progress on these initiatives will be presented when we provide 2023 guidance. But we clearly expect meaningful improvements in profitability during the coming months on relatively low vehicle production assumptions. Thanks, again, for your time. And let’s open up the line for Q&A.
Kevin Clark: Yes. We back half kind of achieved kind of mid to high single digits for back half and exit the year, including Q1, Q2 at kind of mid to slightly higher single-digit margins for ASUX.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I – listen, you’re breaking up a little bit. So just to make sure that I fully understand your question with respect to margin trajectory. Listen, I think as it relates to the business model and flow-through nothing has changed. We’re in a period of time, obviously, where we’re operating at much lower vehicle production, right? 81 million units. Material cost inflation is at record levels. We’re confident in our ability to get back to our old targets for overall margin performance. That’s going to happen through continued revenue growth, one; two, pushing through more material cost increases to customers; three, from a supplier management standpoint, we’re going through a significant amount of supply chain activity where we’re consolidating the [Technical Difficulty] we’re engineering out older solutions with new principally semiconductor chip solutions. We’re validating second sources so that we have more optionality or choices for both our customers as well as for ourselves in selecting products. And then we’re aggressively going after our own cost structure. So with all of those initiatives underway, we have confidence in our ability to ultimately hit those targets I’d say the aspect that right now is difficult to predict in this environment is the macro trends, especially as it relates to vehicle production what we see in Europe today versus what we’ve seen in Europe previously and continued strength in North America in a rebound – in continued rebound in China production.
Kevin Clark: Well, yes, we are obviously still very committed to Motional. From a trajectory related to investment, it will continue at current sort of run rates. With respect to commercialization, I’m sure you’ve seen the UberEats announcement. You know that we have the Lyft relationship. You know that the Gen 2 vehicle beyond the Lyft network in 2023 fully autonomous. So from an overall technology and commercial standpoint, things remain on track. We continue to work closely with them on advancing our own internal ADAS solutions as well as providing them with certain product and software solutions that enable their autonomous driving stack. So they remain on track. We remain very committed. We will see a fully driverless vehicle on the Las Vegas Strip in 2023, and the team is working on a number of other commercial opportunities to bring into fold or to put the technology on. And we will continue to evaluate what we do from an overall monetization and funding standpoint over the medium and longer term.
Kevin Clark: Yes, it’s Kevin, and Joe will provide additional detail. Listen, I think you’re hearing mix narrative on Europe, right? The reality is there are OEMs who have raised significant concerns as it relates to their outlook on the European macro situation and the impact on vehicle production. So I think it’s a general view in terms of what’s going on in Europe, and there may be different players who have different views. We obviously have concern. We obviously saw a significant downturn as the quarter rolled out or played out in the second quarter of this past year. So I’d say underlying macro is a big piece. There is some element that relates to specific semiconductor availability that impacted us during the quarter. So that has some impact, but we do think there is an underlying macro issue there that we need to keep our eye on, and that’s what’s reflected in our outlook for Europe which, Emmanuel, I think somewhat reflects that downside outlook that I just actually presented.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I don’t think we are saying it’s entirely the second half is getting worse. I think we are saying vehicle production, as Joe said, on a sequential basis and year-over-year in the second half will be better. Europe will be weak, okay. So – and we believe you will continue to see strength in North America and in China. There is a second half impact versus prior expectation as it relates to semiconductor chips supply availability. So, that puts some downward pressure on the amount of that sequential increase H1 to H2, but we are going to see improvement. Disruptions will be down based on increased semiconductor availability. We are expecting inflation actually to be muted second half versus first half, again, on a sequential basis. So, it won’t be a headwind like it was in the first half of the year. Significant increase in cost recoveries from customers that Joe walked through and then the benefit from incremental cost reductions or cost actions that took place in the first half of the year. So, Emmanuel, I would characterize it as our outlook for the second half of the year is not as strong as it was previously. From an overall volume standpoint, there are some markets that continue to be strong. Europe, we think will be very weak. And there are certain actions that were taken in the first half of the year that will flow through in the second half as well as certain things such as disruptions and inflation that will either be a tailwind in the second half or at least not a headwind.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Listen, we – I think we operate off of what we receive from our customers. Those – that is what we use to forecast over a three-month or six-month timeframe. So, what we are signaling by region is what we are seeing in terms of build schedules. There are others who use sources like IHS to build their operating or financial forecast. We use that for the long-term. We don’t use that for near-term where we have actual build schedules. So, our view is you will see that play out during Q3 and Q4.
Kevin Clark: Chris, it’s Kevin. I would say very, very high level of confidence in all those cost items that have executed or we have already executed or we are executing. Joe said, there is another roughly $100 million of price that we need to go after in the back half of the year. But we have enough confidence to put that into the forecast. We have made a lot of progress year-to-date. We have brought the vehicle production outlook down to what we see from a customer schedule standpoint. So, high level of confidence in where that sits. What could be – a potential take would be does the energy issue in Europe further impact vehicle production and bring those levels down beyond what we assume, that would be a headwind. On the flip side, to the extent we see stronger growth in North America or in China, or we see a free up or additional supply of select semiconductor parts that would be a tailwind. So, where we settled, we have a very high level of confidence.
Kevin Clark: No. By and large, availability is improving. We have one semiconductor supplier that, I would say, has been a challenge for us as well as others. But I believe that’s been an ongoing issue. But overall, we are seeing the market and availability actually improve. We have seen inflation increase, Joe talked about that. That’s something we are working through as it relates to resourcing and pushing increased prices to customers. But overall balance of availability, the trend has been positive in general.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I think no change relative to what we have talked about, Joe certainly has talked about in the past, still see very strong demand for high-voltage electrification solutions. All of our customers are accelerating their plans as it relates to battery electric vehicles. And the margin profile of that business continues to be very attractive, certainly higher than the average. The weighted average from an SPS overall margin standpoint.
Kevin Clark: And as it relates to new programs, Itay, we have a process as we pursue and ultimately contract on these programs where we roll through the current environment from an inflation pricing cost standpoint. The agreements or contracts are structured in a way where we have in the current environment, more flexibility to change out components or alternatives and far more flexibility to push price through to customers – increased costs through to customers.
Kevin Clark: Listen, John, I think Joe hit the nail on the head. Listen, I think the team has made a lot of progress and is performing well in a challenging environment. However, to Joe’s point, we don’t make excuses. And we want to make sure that we are on a good exit point for 2022, so that we are able to deal with any other challenges that appear in 2023. And if they don’t, you see significant revenue growth and flow-through on that incremental volume. And we continue to work on our cost structure. We continue to work on our product portfolio and our value proposition to our customers. We would tell you the pull from our customers in terms of our solutions, whether it’s smart vehicle architecture, high-voltage electrification, and we would tell you now increasingly request or opportunities to present software solutions. All of that is highly attractive. But we are dealing with the near-term macro challenges, and that’s what we need to deal with.
Joe Massaro: Sure. So Joe, it’s Joe. I’ll start. So yes, the 32% incremental, I mean, we have been running close to 30%. Obviously, more volume helps even ASUX on – at the volume level was 35% in Q1, 33% Q2. So at the volume level, the product lines are flowing well and continue to. High voltage is now a big contributor for SBS. So I would say that level of flow-through very consistent with what we’ve seen over the last few quarters. Couple of things there. On your $166 million, the question on the disruption costs, the performance and lower disruption costs, we’ve got about $80 million improvement first half to second half in disruption costs, $30 million is China, $50 million is just the overall improvement. And as you know, we’ve talked in the past that as the supply chain improves things like premium freight and some of those other costs will get better. So that’s $80 million in total with – including the $30 million and you’ve got about 40 plus – right around $40 million, $45 million of the cost saving actions hitting in the back half of the year that get us there. And then you’ve got additional performance improvements on some of the other initiatives we were working at as well as just little bit natural back half favorability we have in the business around things like NRE and some stronger regional performance in Q4.
Joe Massaro: You have $80 million from supply chain disruption, about $40 million to $45 million from the cost savings kicking in and then the other sort of Q4 strength is the difference.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Right now, Rod the disruption costs with the increase in China and some assumption in the back half a little bit more is right around $300 million. Obviously, a lot of that has been incurred in the first half. As I just mentioned to Joe, we’re expecting an $80 million improvement first half to second half as that gets better. But round number is about $300 million. Inflation that is, I think, still sort of flowing through that we need to continue to get after is about $100 million. We’ve obviously got a lot of – probably got $0.5 billion of price built in. And from that perspective, of that $500 million of price built into outlook, we’ve got customer commitments for $400 million of it and $300 million already under PO. So obviously, as Kevin said, we just got a little bit of work to do to finalize that. But certainly, that’s a big step forward from where we were at the end of the first quarter from a customer perspective. And it actually we’ve been incorporated – we’ve seen a fair amount of inflation occur over the course of the second quarter. But to Kevin’s point, we’re more real time now in terms of passing through those price increases. So we’re able to start to get commitments from customers to offset that more quickly.
Joe Massaro: Emmanuel, I’d just add a couple of things. One, the semiconductor, and the way the industry has been working through escalation, how you escalate with customers and how the customers engage with the semiconductor companies, it’s pretty clear it’s just not us. It’s the customers are raising concerns. We know they are talking to our suppliers and more broadly around that and escalating more issues than our availability. So I would say it’s not something specific to Aptiv. And as I mentioned in sort of the June update, one of the things that’s somewhat hard to tell at the moment is the split between semiconductor availability and macro. One of the things we are seeing is to the extent we ended the period with, what I’ll call back orders, we are not seeing those back orders rescheduled into the second half of the year, right. So, it depends on what you want to call that, that’s inherently on a full year basis of schedule call down. They are not looking to pick up the extra volume in a lot of cases in the back half that would have come from some of the supply chain constraints in the first half. So, we are seeing that. We are also seeing schedule reductions. Again, we don’t think they are related to energy shutdowns at this point for my comments. But we do have a number of European OEs that are lowering schedules for the back half of the year at this moment.
Joe Massaro: Yes. And Emmanuel, I think I understand your question, it’s sort of the high level when you take a step back, when you look at the individual regions, that’s why we are calling out Europe. China was obviously down due to the shutdowns. We are actually making up a little less than half of the missed revenue from China in the back half of the year. That’s being offsetting some of the deterioration in Europe. North America is a little stronger in the back half of the year than we originally forecasted. But again, being offset by Europe. So, I appreciate the comment. But I think when you look by region, there is either sort of missed revenue being made up for in China Q2 versus H2 and some strengthening in North America, but the downside is really within the European revenue number.
Joe Massaro: Yes. So, for the full year, we have Europe at this point down 5%, which is a big move. It would have been up 10% in the original guide. So, we have it down 5%. China, we have down 4%. We had that down in the original guide, about 1.5%. Chris, so like I said, we are seeing some recovery. From a revenue perspective, a little less than half of the revenues missed in the first half, we were scheduled to make up in the second half in China. Vehicle production is a little less than that. Obviously, given our growth over market will run higher on revenue. And then North America is up approximately 10%. We added up approximately 9% in the prior guide.
Joe Massaro: Yes. So, $166 million, you look at $80 million is improvement in COVID and supply chain disruption costs first half to second half, 30% is China going away – $30 million is China going away. So, $30 million of the $80 million is China going away. The other $50 million is a decrease in run rate from the first half, which again, the world – there is a lot that could still happen in the world. But based on what we have seen from the level of supply chain disruption, trends in premium freight, trends in labor and downtime, yes, we obviously feel confident enough to put that $50 million in the forecast. So, that’s $80 million of that. $40 million plus is cost savings. So, those are basically headcount that’s come out over the course of the second quarter. That will not be there in the third quarter and fourth quarter in the back half. So, high confidence there. The balance is what I will call sort of the normal uplift in back half performance in the businesses. Things like customer NRE, there is some strength in trial and manufacturing performance in the back half of the year that just comes with some of the sort of how volume flows through the plants and particularly in China at that time of the year. So, those are very consistent trends we see every Q4. Nothing to do with COVID, nothing to do with supply chain disruption, not new, that sort of normal business trend. So, obviously, fair degree of confidence in that number to put it into the forecast. I understand what was big on the slide, but…
Joe Massaro: Yes. I think David, from a margin contribution perspective, we talked about it before, as it hit sort of $1 billion, the high-voltage product line sort of got to segment average and would expect that to move up over time as you get to sort of the $1.5 billion, $2 billion mark, SPS segment average.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Itay, I will start. We – yes, that was a very specific comment that 10%, 10.5% because we get that question a lot of we do run hot in the back half of the year from a margin perspective for a few sort of normal business things. So, we wanted to provide people with what we thought a better baseline was on second half and sort of taking out the unique second half attributes.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I will start, Kevin can chime in. I mean listen, we are I don’t disagree with that comment, John. I mean we are working through a lot, and I understand there is a lot going on, and we are sort of in year three of various forms of disruption. But I think we are – as I mentioned at the end of my comments, I think to be able to grow at the rate we are growing, there is – the margin expansion we are seeing, flow-through on volumes remain very strong and the prices we talked about, the price discussion with customers has been a bit of a balancing act in terms of making sure we maintain the relationships and can still win business while protecting Aptiv. So, it’s hard with everything going on. But I mean that was certainly the intentions of my final comments there in the prepared remarks, I think where we view the business given the conditions as performing well. With that said, obviously, you know us, we would want to do better, and we will work to do better as we go into next year. But there is progress. There is a lot of progress through difficult environment. I don’t know, Kevin if…
Joe Massaro: It’s probably sped up a little, John. It’s probably those bookings directly correlate to some of the advanced development programs we have had on smart vehicle architecture with what we say one of the leading OEMs as it relates to rethinking vehicle architecture and the software-defined vehicle. So, it’s the benefit of all the work that we have done in the past. We think it’s likely there is more to come. They are on a fast path to get that on vehicles launched over the next couple of years. So, what used to be maybe a 4-year sort of cycle is now probably closer to a 3-year cycle. We are excited about it. And again, we think it reflects the benefit of our broader portfolio. And ultimately, we are going to be able to drag with its software, which again, is higher margin and higher growth.
