Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'll now wrap up on slide 17 before we open it up for Q&A. As we navigate 2021 and the new challenges ahead, it goes without saying that we remain laser focused on delivering on our commitments and continuing our track record of outperformance, while advancing our vision of the company in 2025 and beyond.  This vision is the extension of our business strategy, which is enabled by our industry leading competitive position and execution capabilities. Delivering our vision results in a more sustainable business defined by an improved and more predictable growth profile, increased profitability through global scale and accretive growth opportunities on the path to electrified smart vehicle architecture, the accelerated compounding of earnings and cash flow generation, and additional value creation upside from the disciplined deployment of that cash.  We're well positioned to continue moving forward a company with a strong financial position, low cost of capital, and the flexibility to reinvest in its people, processes and portfolio to create significant value for its customers, for its employees and for its shareholders.  So, with that, we'll open up the line for Q&A.
Kevin Clark: Those are two great questions. On Motional, listen, we've made tremendous progress over the last couple of years, significant progress last year with our partner, Hyundai. As I went through a list of announcements that were made during 2020, you'll see more announcements made as it relates to 2021 from a technology standpoint and from a commercial standpoint, Adam. The business is on track from a resource standpoint. There's been a significant investment in resources in and around technology, in and around areas that are accelerating the underlying technology. As you know, we have vehicles on the road today. We finished or completed our gen one platform, which you'll see out on the road in Las Vegas soon. And we'll have our gen two platform available for sale to customers commercially beginning in 2022. So, a tremendous amount of progress.  As it relates to capital, recall the transaction, HMG contributed $1.4 billion of cash back in March of 2020. We're using that cash to make the investments that we've talked about. Both of us as partners are focused on how do we develop the technology and how do we maximize value, so we're completely aligned on value creation and value creation within that business, if you know what I mean. So, focused on how do we drive value through Motional.  To the extent we see opportunities where our view on value the business aligns with one's willingness to contribute capital, that's something that we as partners will evaluate. And it's something that we'll continue to monitor. But at this point in time, we feel like, at this point in time, we have more than enough capital for the foreseeable future to continue to accelerate our investment. But it's something, again, that we continue to watch, and we watch closely. So, I would not refer to capital as a constraint. On the flexible printed circuit boards, as you know, we've been very focused on vehicle architecture for the last several years, and how do we develop solutions for customers that reduce the constraints associated with traditional vehicle architecture. So, how do we remove copper content? How do we replace that with real value-added content, like the flexible printed circuit board technology that you're talking about, which, overall, is a part of our SVA solution. So, that's technology that actually is under development. It's actually technology that we're in discussions with multiple OEMs about. And as you know, we have relationships with several of the leading OEMs, even those who I would say are less traditional OEMs, who've been evolving vehicle architecture and have been most aggressive as it relates to changing the vehicle architecture, so that we can separate software from hardware. And there's going to be more to come there. We feel like we're a leader, given our position with the brain and nervous system. We feel like there's a number of opportunities for us. As I've mentioned, we've been in discussions and development programs with a number of OEMs. And we'll keep you and others updated on our progress.
Kevin Clark: It's a great question. And I think the point you make is right. So, I think given where we play, given where the industry is going, having a much more strategic relationship with the OEM customer is a must, right? What we deal with, where we operate, it's a cross section that's highly complex. And that's actually where we play. So, we have the benefit of our legacy kind of nervous system vehicle architecture, combined with our newer capabilities in and around software that, to your point, started in areas like infotainment, user experience, and active safety. All of those are coming together and merging and what we've been talking about in terms of smart vehicle architecture, all of them. And given our capabilities in both areas, we've been positioned to have strategic discussions and, quite frankly, strategic development programs with several of the leading global OEMs. And I would say, even strategic programs that we're on today, whether it's our gen one ADAS solutions or our gen one integrated cockpit solutions that ultimately lead to – that lead to the SVA solution.  Clearly, there's an acceleration in the separation of software and hardware. It's happening as we speak. It presents a huge opportunity for us. We talked about our gen two ADAS platform where we can provide the full stack solution, but also provide OEM customers who want the ability to do more of the software on their own. The ability to do so, for those who don't have the capabilities, we can provide the full solution. And we do that today. And there will be a universe of OEM customers who want to do more, and we're going to enable that and provide both hardware, software and integration services in those sort of scenarios. There's going to be other OEM customers who really don't have that capability, aren't interested in investing in it and will do more of a full stack solution.  And from our perspective, what's important is really to serve both, so that we have that revenue opportunity and make sure that we're the driver of change versus reacting to the change. So, that's why we made the comments in our prepared remarks about continuing to invest during 2020, which was a challenging year. We'll continue to invest during 2021 and beyond on all the solutions that we're developing, the platforming of our various technologies, and cannibalizing some of our traditional product lines and replacing them with higher tech solutions that take out mass, that take out weight, that provide OEM customers with more flexibility and really enable the technology that's going into the car.  So, it's a long winded answer, but I hope I've addressed it.
Kevin Clark: Our real focus, Chris, as it relates to our next generation ADAS solution is leveraging the software that's been developed to date, driving reuse of that software, and really driving platforms within the ADAS business. And that's really across the various ASUX product lines, right, on the journey to ultimately an SVA solution. So, it's really about how do we drive more leverage.  Listen, I don't think we foresee any real incremental step up, like we talked about previously, that $90 million, which was really about how do we drive additional pursuit opportunities, how do we better position ourselves as it relates to SVA, both from a hardware and software standpoint, and now it's taking advantage of that investment opportunity to drive more scale and widening our competitive moat.  Now, there may be, within quarters, periods where we decide we're going to invest a bit more, given the competitive dynamic, or to drive technology advancement. But by and large, given we've introduced gen one, we're rolling out or launching on several vehicle programs now as we speak, and we're heading into gen two. You should start to see a fair amount of scale come through.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, I'll start with a qualitative and then Joe can walk you through all the growth rates. Our booking activity has remained strong. It was very strong last year in what was a very choppy environment given COVID. Bookings were close to $4 billion.  Advanced Safety for our OEM customers is a solution that sells. So, the focus on driving advanced safety solutions from our customers is significant, solutions that reduce the on costs, but provide the sort of performance that consumers are looking for is in significant demand. So, it will continue to be a huge growth opportunity for us for the foreseeable future. Joe, you should walk through all the numbers.
Kevin Clark: From a win rate standpoint, our win rate continues to be north of 70%. I would say we have – to reiterate, we've talked about it previously, a very focused strategy as it relates to high voltage electrification. So, we're very focused on a select group of OEMs, who have a strategy that brings high voltage electrification across multiple platforms, so we get the benefit of – we get the benefit, they get benefit of significant volume.  A year or two ago, we were basically evaluating 15 programs on an annual basis. This year, we'll be evaluating north of 40 programs. So, bookings activity and dollar value of bookings will certainly kick up in 2021 and beyond. It's important to note, the reason we're so successful is we are the only competitor, only player out there that has the ability to bring the vehicle architecture, the connector component, the cable management component, the electrical center component and the wire harness component together and provide a fully optimized solution to an OEM that takes out mass, that takes out weight, a significant amount of mass reduction. Adam asked that question earlier with respect to flexible printed circuit board technology, but reducing mass by close to 40%, which takes out cost and gives the OEM space. And the value of what we deliver, the packaging of that full systems is translated into significant win rates, and a huge opportunity for Aptiv. Joe can walk through the numbers, but high voltage electrification will be our fastest growing product line for several years to come. 
Kevin Clark: Remember, Dan, SVA is an evolving solution, right? So, it's effectively – and we've talked about it previously. It started with the consolidation of compute – with domain controllers, integrated cockpit controllers, items like that. It's now evolving or continuing to evolve to zone controllers. We've already booked a program with a major global, European – European-based global OEM. We have a number of potential program wins in front of us during 2021. So, more to come on that. The program that we were awarded previously will launch on a vehicle in 2022. And then, there's a lot of activity that our SVA team has focused on our PDC solution where we separate hardware from software.  So, I think over the next 12 to 24 months, you should get more visibility to the commercial wins, the commercial opportunities and the progression of revenue. 
Kevin Clark: Yeah. No, the overall strategy hasn't changed. It's really about providing the full systems and software stack for OEMs or fleet providers to put in place on their vehicles. So, that strategy has not changed. To the extent that we're partnering and operating rideshare networks, we get the benefit of validating the technology in real world situations and better understanding, ultimately, the customers who operate those networks or our ride sharing providers. So, we have a great partnership with Lyft. There's a lot of sharing of information as it relates to technology, as it relates to consumer experience, as it relates to fleet management solutions. So, it allows them to be better and us to be better. And we'll continue to do that. So, it's almost – it's validation of the underlying technology. The key milestones over the next couple of years are the gen one out on the road, doing real world testing, which you'll see – which will happen very, very shortly. Gen two out on the road or available for customers in 2022. So, we're a little over a year away on that. The team is making significant progress on that vehicle. It's an HMG battery electric vehicle platform. And then, during calendar 2021, more commercial announcements related to partnerships, whether it be the purchase of the underlying technology or plugging that technology into other networks. 
Kevin Clark: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call. We appreciate your support of Aptiv. Have a good day and a good rest of the week. Stay safe.
Joseph Massaro: That has been a target for a while. We've talked about moving sort of – even if you go back to the Capital Market Day in 2017 and 2019 about a steady march up to the 90%. And that's where we believe we are. You're right. The Motional math gives us a bit of a boost there as well. But, yeah, I think that's the right range. 
Joseph Massaro: I think you framed it correctly, your thinking about it. We've obviously spent a lot of effort over the last couple years on the cost structure of the business, taking out overhead. I know as we talked about last year, we didn't have any sort of big moment where we said, aha, because of COVID, we can change things. We felt that the business had been structured pretty well, and would continue to take advantage from a margin perspective as those product lines grew into their own and started to add increased volume.  And I think you're right. If you take out what are a fair amount of investment around COVID and now the supply chain costs, and assume eventually we work out of those over the coming couple of years and we continue to see the strong accretive product line growth in things like active safety, high voltage and engineered components, I think we're on that trajectory. As far as a longer-term update, that'll come in our next Capital Markets Day, which we plan on for 2022. But I do think your trajectory and the way you're thinking about it is correct. 
Joseph Massaro: It's very consistent with what we're talking about. This is a strong double-digit grower. We expect to be a little shy of $2 billion by the end of 2021 in Active Safety revenue. But continue to see that business growing at or above 20% from a CAGR perspective over the next three years. And when you get to that 2022/2023 timeframe, we expect to be the largest from an industry perspective, we'll have active safety content over 20 different OEs – different platforms on 20 OEs. That strong sort of 20 plus percent CAGR we've talked about continues to be in place. We obviously feel very good about it. There's a little bit of a law of larger numbers, obviously, with the growth rate as the business continues to grow, but a very strong compounding growth rate over the next number of years. 
Joseph Massaro: Just real quick. About half of the increase from prior expectations is just the finalization of the purchase accounting. So, that's effectively non-cash, obviously, coming through the P&L. So, the remaining half is the step up in investment. And to Kevin's point, we'll see that increase over the next couple of years, but it's still well within the plan and the original funding when we formed the JV back at the beginning of last year. So, we had four to five years of funding in the JV and that continues to be the case.
Joseph Massaro: We're expecting just based on the bookings and increased activity, your point, we had talked about that business growing at 40% through 2020. We expect it now to be growing over 50% in 2021. And that's obviously on a larger number. We'll certainly be above a $1 billion in revenue in 2022. Our original target was to sort of get two or get close to a $1 billion in 2022. So, we'll now be above that. And continue to have sort of that same profit profile, continues to trend above segment margins. And it's accretive to the SPS segment. So, I would say both within the bookings and the revenue trajectory, the trends you're talking about from an OE perspective about greater levels of levels of electrification, we're seeing in the numbers as well.
Joseph Massaro: We remain very confident, Emmanuel, on this, in the long term 6% to 8% growth over market framework. I don't think anything has sort of strategically changed there at all. We are at the lower end. As you can imagine, the chip constraints, obviously, affect the tech-enabled products. So, we are at the lower end of the range as we go into the year, but long term, we still have a high degree of confidence in that 6% to 8%. And as we've talked about a lot, that number doesn't shoot perfectly straight every quarter, but very confident within that range. And I wouldn't say anything material has changed from that perspective.
Joseph Massaro: Yeah, I agree completely with that. And Dan, as you know, we watched the sort of the longer term CAGR bookings growth carefully over time because that ultimately is what drives the outgrowth. And when you look at the key growth areas around active safety, high voltage, engineered components, the connectors element type business, those bookings have remained exactly at or above where we need to be at that 6% to 8%. So, we've got, again, a very high level of confidence in that outgrowth range.
Joseph Massaro: I was just going to say we'd also – we've announced one – Kevin, to your comments on the prepared remarks, we'd expect Via to be launching this year as well in a city to be determined. 
