Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'll wrap up on Slide 13 before opening up the call to questions. Our business is built on a strong foundation and continues to gain momentum as we close out 2022 despite the constrained environment and macro headwinds that Joe just touched on. Our strategic alignment with our OEM customers has really never been better as reflected in our continued strong revenue growth over market and the pace of our new business bookings. We continue to make progress recovering the increases in material input costs while also further optimizing our cost structure, and we continue to smartly deploy capital both organically and inorganically to further strengthen our competitive position. These actions have translated into a significant improvement in our margins as evidenced by this quarter's results and are providing momentum and a strong entry point for 2023. As Joe just mentioned, in light of the current macro environment, we'll provide a detailed update on our 2023 outlook when we release fourth quarter earnings, but you can expect us to focus on delivering continued strong revenue growth over market and margin expansion in a challenging environment. With that, we can open up the line for questions.
Kevin Clark: Rod maybe if I can just chime in on price recoveries. The team has done an excellent job as it relates to recapturing material cost increases and translating that now into POs with our OEM customers. So we feel good about heading into 2023 with respect to that particular category. Obviously, what we need to go after next year is partly influenced by what we see from a material inflation standpoint, if there's some incremental increases going into 2023. So we're well positioned as it relates to what we've translated into POs this year heading into next year. If there's more material inflation, we'll go back to OEM customers with increased prices. The OEM customers are aware of that. And then secondly, just to Joe's point on FX, I think Joe highlighted it on it in his comments a couple of times. When you look at the recent movement in the Euro and the RMB, we've seen a significant change over the last month or two. So I think there's a question there as it relates to what's the trend in currencies heading into 2023 and what sort of movements do we see.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Listen, Motional continues to be very successful in terms of advancing the technology road map. I'm sure you saw the announcement as it relates to Uber and the plan to integrate the Motional solution or motional vehicles in the Uber network in the United States. As it relates to the Ford announcement, as it relates to Argo, listen, I think there's an element of -- our perspective on autonomy has probably been a bit different than most OEMs that are out there. When we originally made our investments in Automatica and nuTonomy, a big piece of our strategy was with respect to how do we take those technologies that are utilized for vehicle nuTonomy and how do we pull those forward into active safety solutions, which is what we're doing today, which is that technology or a portion of that technology, a portion of that know-how is embedded in our current generation ADAS platform. In addition, Motional is a customer of Aptiv. So when you think about perception systems and other items, they're actually a customer. So we've always viewed, right? I think we've talked about it in the past, we've always viewed autonomy as kind of the far in of the spectrum as it relates to active safety. So from a strategic standpoint, a business standpoint, it's fairly well integrated into what we're doing operationally today.
Kevin Clark: Itay, I can just qualitatively, I just want to reiterate Joe's point. Although supply chains seem to be improving. The reality is we're seeing continued volatility in customer schedules, right, week-to-week. And maybe more recently, more volatility to the downside on the China production schedules, which we did not see in Q3.
Kevin Clark: If I can add, I think we should be really, really clear. Sorry, Joe. It relates to specific programs that we're launching in 2023 and relates to specific vendors who've been challenged from an overall supply chain standpoint. And to Joe's point, it's not the new normal to the extent their capabilities or their capacity increases, we have the ability to ratchet down orders during 2023. So we're doing what we can to protect our customers and, quite frankly, protect ourselves from a supply chain standpoint.
Kevin Clark: Yes. We're just - we continue through the regulatory process at this point in time. So that's where we stand.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I don't - Adam, I'll take that. Listen, we don't view it as becoming commoditized. We have -- as I mentioned, we won another full platform program in China in addition to the large European program that we were awarded earlier this year. It's important that as a supplier, whether you're a Tier 1 or you alluded to the Tier 2 that you have the ability from a perception system standpoint across multiple perception systems, you have the ability to do sensor fusion, you have the ability to do integration and you have the ability to build domain controllers hardware. And with respect to the players that you're referencing, I'm not aware of any of them that have had the experience and the capability across each one of those areas. So we view ADAS as an important area. We don't view it as an area that will become commoditized as we've talked about in the past. It's obviously an important feature for our customers. It's obviously a feature that helps them sell cars. And it's a feature that they make a lot of money on. And we continue to be very well positioned in it. We continue to invest to further enhance and strengthen our position in the space.
Kevin Clark: Well, yes, it's a great question. I'd say kind of 2 things on it. I think what you referenced as a potential risk to EV adoption, it is a possibility that it slows EV adoption. Our view is that it doesn't flatline EV adoption. With respect to our position from a high-voltage electrification standpoint, we're effectively the only player that can provide the full vehicle architecture solution. What we're finding is more and more customers coming to us to take more of the overall content to provide the cable management, the wire harness, the connector and now within our cable automotive, the busbar content as well. So regardless if we see slowing, we think there is a huge opportunity for us to capture more content. And then as I mentioned in my comments, in addition, we're investing in capabilities in and around power electronics as well as battery management systems. We're in discussions with customers as it relates to both products as we speak. And we'd expect customer awards to be forthcoming. So we believe it will be a continued high-growth area, and we feel as though we're well positioned, quite frankly, to expand our share of wallet, Adam, in that space. When you look at content differential to get to the last part of your question, high-voltage electrification, especially battery electric vehicles, probably what you're alluding to, the content opportunity for Aptiv is significant. Internal combustion engine typically has content vehicle architecture content of about $500 per vehicle. When you move to a fully battery electric vehicle, that's closer to $1,500. So it's a meaningful uptick in the content opportunity.
Kevin Clark: Yes. So maybe I'll take a shot and going back to Joe's last answer to your question. I think what you're hearing from us as a management team is although Q3 obviously improved results, our general view supply chain is improving. All the challenges aren't behind us. And we continue to see inflation, we continue to see volatility in schedules, which translates into volatility in production. That translates into a higher cost load as it relates to manning in our facilities as it relates in transporting goods, so inbound and outbound freight that, to a certain extent, is built into our current run rate so that we have an element of flexibility to continue to support our customers. Now our customers are -- we've been aggressively going to our customers and pushing through that price -- those cost increases to our customers. Our customers have been supportive of that. We would expect that there's an element of that, that continues into 2023. Certainly in the -- at least in the first half of the year. And just given the volatility in the overall macro headwinds, at this point in time, we're planning that some of that doesn't go away. We're pushing through as much of it as we can, but it's difficult to be precise as it relates to your predictions on what you think margin expansion and other items are going to be in the early part of 2023.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Well, yes, it ranges for areas like user experience, like our traditional connector solutions, our traditional cable management solutions. They go on low-voltage vehicles or traditional vehicle architecture and voltage solutions. I mentioned user experience, so infotainment systems in cabin sensing. Systems, body and security systems. So there's a whole -- there's a number of different products, a number of different product lines that fill the balance of those bookings.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I think it depends on what the product line is. I'd say most are basically in line with what our traditional margin structure is across all of our product lines. Some of those that are higher volume, it may be a little bit higher.
Kevin Clark: Great. Thank you, operator. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We really appreciate you taking the time. Take care.
Joe Massaro: Yes, Rod, it's Joe, let me start. So FX, we mentioned the revenue number is about $226 million on the year-over-year. On the OI, that flow through is about $20 million numbers on FX and commodity. So obviously, picking up lower euro and then the really the start of the RMB weakening at the end of the third quarter, although that obviously picks up in the fourth quarter as well and will pick up in the fourth quarter based on everything we're seeing. Listen, from an out-of-period perspective, a lot of puts and takes with customer recoveries, inflation, some premium freight that we'll get reimbursed for, for next quarter, but nothing overly material from a net perspective. Really just -- again, there's a lot going on in the quarter. So you've got a few things go into different directions. But if you got the volume flow through and the FX impact, you really got sort of the net there.
Joe Massaro: Yes. The only other thing I'd say - and I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing a return to a more normalized price down environment. So we've got price down to 1.7%. That had been -- we've been holding off on price downs until we got through all the customer recovery. So as we communicated last quarter, we expected to return to sort of more of a normal operating cadence with our customers. So you got that price down at 1.7% as well.
Joe Massaro: I'm not sure we talked about a 10% to 10.5% jumping off point. I think that's generally holding operationally from everything we're seeing. We're sort of tracking to that. My only caution there would be, I think we're going to have to evaluate or one should evaluate sort of the FX impact. There could be about 0.5 point of headwind to that range if these FX rates hold going into next year. But operationally, I'd say things are happening as we had expected.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Itay, let me start with 2023. It's just there. We're still working through that. There's a tremendous amount of puts and takes at the customer levels we haven't seen schedule. So it's really too early for us to have a view on the numbers or the direction. As it relates to Q4, we're basically holding the guide. I think if we were to look at it, there's certainly some potential for upside, particularly with China production. Although more recently, we've seen probably more pullbacks in some China production schedules versus increases. But I understand there is a desire in that market to build more vehicles. The way I view the guide at the moment, we're certainly confident in the midpoint to the extent there's bias to the top end of the range. I think it's going to be a trade-off between vehicle production increases and China, Europe holding steady and then just how big an FX impact as sort of offsets on the top line. So that's really what we're looking at and really sort of the driver of holding the guide is to the extent you pick up some revenue on upside in China, which we'd admit is possible. We don't quite see it yet in schedules, but understand the bias there from customers. We are mindful of just the revenue impact on the -- from the FX perspective.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. Listen, I think it is broadly speaking, Joe, in the electronic space, pass electronics, semiconductor is obviously a big part of that. I'd say it is specific around some heavy launch activity we expect in the first half of next year wanting to make sure we've got adequate supply, sort of getting the supply when we can. There's also an element and my ASUX comments around growth over market so to speak to it, we are still seeing customers impacted by lack of availability. So I understand the comments you're referring to from TEL, but broadly speaking, across that electronics supply chain, I don't think this is just an active issue because some of the impacts we're seeing on customers, we were not (inaudible). You're still seeing some constraints on semis and passive electronics. So it's making sure we're running into -- the decision was basically not to take inventory down as much as we originally planned in the fourth quarter and hold on to what we have, continuing to order to make sure we're protected next year. And I would say from an unwind, it's very hard to call at the moment. I don't think this is a new normal multiple years. Could we sort of be running at higher levels for the bulk of 2023. I think that's possible, depending on how we see things improve.
Joe Massaro: Yes, it was the $0.5 billion and sort of -- it was $0.5 billion and basically getting that $0.5 million of inflation covered with recoveries round numbers, and that's happening and then we'd roll that into piece price next year. So that is on track. That's really not connected to the FX or the 10% to 10.5% discussion. Like I said, operationally, I think we're hitting the things we need to do. I just -- again, it's a caution, the FX number significant in Q3 is going to be significant in Q4. And if you look at just where some of those key rates were in the first half of 2022 versus if we were to ever end at sort of current spot levels, there is going to be an impact there.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, Chris, I think you're right. That original full year guide was down 4%. It's obviously strengthened. I think for us, that's exactly the point I was trying to make is how much higher could it be -- and then relative to -- as it relates to that guide, just how much of that gets sucked back in by FX. I'd say right now, again, I think something north of 5%, at least what we're seeing from customers would be tough to achieve, but no, our bias to the upside within the guide is related to China production. That's fair.
Joe Massaro: I think I would say what we're seeing, there's a lot of noise in that market. I think it's hard to pull out incentives and sort of the puts and takes, pull heads at the moment. They're obviously, I think, coming out of that Party Congress. There's some discussions there around sort of market and how friendly the market gets over the coming couple of quarters. There is some heightened concern around COVID lockdown so that we're hearing, certainly not to the extent we saw in Q2, but renewed concern about that. So I think it's hard to pull out sort of 1 particular facet of that at the moment, Chris, Kevin, I don't know if you have...
Joe Massaro: Yes. What I was referring to Emmanuel there, and we've talked about it really for different regions for the past couple of years, right? I mean one of the big benefits to our customers, ourselves, and I'm sure it's just not us from a supply perspective, it's the smoothness of production. Even if you're at a lower number, the ability to sort of set up and run without these stop starts from supply chain disruptions, just make for greater efficiency. And I think we'll be better year-over-year, obviously, just cautioning that to the extent we continue to see some of these disruptions, particularly in the first half of the year, again, as an industry, I mean, the disruptions we saw in North America, in Q3 were not related to our supply chain, but our customers were impacted. So it's just speaking to the abruptness of shutdowns and restarts. It does hurt from an operating leverage perspective.
Joe Massaro: Yes, David, it's Joe. I'll start that one. Listen, I think we continue to obviously wanted to grow the portfolio, both organically and inorganically. I think from an M&A perspective, obviously, you've got to be mindful of valuations as the macros are challenging for us to forecast. Obviously, as challenging to sort of potentially value other businesses. And on the private side, it usually takes a few quarters for valuations to catch up to public market. So we'll proceed cautiously, but we're still very much interested in the types of transactions like Intercable that strengthened bolt-on transactions, larger bolt-on transactions that strengthen the SPS portfolio around key growth areas. And then mindful of software opportunities that can help accelerate sort of the organic plan around SBA and the software-defined vehicle. As we've always said, though, we're very careful to make sure we're building our strategy and building our plan to hit from an organic perspective. And that M&A, the added capabilities or added product lines that come with M&A would be in addition to that. But obviously in market, we need to be a little bit more careful around valuations, but continue to execute on that strategy.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Listen, I think sequentially, it is down a little bit launch activity in Q3. The answer to Chris' question, Mark, obviously, we are potentially looking at additional volumes in China and balancing the FX impact to that. Year-over-year, and there's just some ebb and flows here as you think about the year-over-year as well, right? Year-over-year, we're still up 9%. If you recall, Q4 last year had some -- it was rebounding a bit from Q3 of last year, which was very depressed. So you've got a little bit of the ins and outs, but it really comes back to how much upside is from China and what the offset is with the FX. I think if you're looking at that sort of revenue top line number.
Joe Massaro: Yes. No, good question. No, listen, I think we've -- Europe, for the most part, has sort of helped the schedules. It's what we've seen. I realized we were lower than sort of a lot of other folks out there. I think some of those other forecasts have come in. Not necessarily right to where we were, but have come in a lot sort of closer to us than maybe where they started. So I'd say European customer schedules, again, we're tracking. I think there's remains concerned around economic disruptions in Europe. And obviously, there's potential impact from energy shortages, although I would say the customers are a little bit more confident that they won't be impacted in Q4 than they were when we spoke in August. But no, as I mentioned in my comments in 2023, I think Europe remains a challenging environment for the foreseeable future, just given everything going on there.
