Kevin Clark: Thanks Joe. Let me summarize on slide 20 before turning it over for Q&A. Aptiv delivered another strong quarter with revenue and earnings above expectations driven by momentum across our portfolio. Customers are increasingly looking to us as their partner of choice as reflected by our strong new business bookings performance both in the quarter and over the last few years. Our strong finish to 2017 and great start to 2018 gives us confidence in our increased guidance for the year including 6% to 7% organic growth 20 to 40 basis points of margin expansion and 12% to 16% earnings per share growth. We remain committed to driving future growth by continuing to invest organically and inorganically to strengthen our business foundation, further expand our competitive modes and capture opportunities in new markets. And as Joe said, we remain relentlessly focused on improving our cost structure and leveraging operational efficiencies to both reinvest in the business and to expand margins, grow earnings and cash flow and deliver outside shareholder returns. With that let's open up the line for Q&A.
Kevin Clark: Yes. So Joe, good question. Capital allocation philosophy remains unchanged. We'll invest in the business, dividends in place, we believe it's competitive. M&A opportunities are - the funnel looks good. KUM will close in the second half of the quarter. You're right about $500 million in cash. And also gave us the opportunity to buyback some shares about $150 million worth in Q1. So we're going to continue to stay balanced as we have in the past. But I do think over the coming quarters even into next year we still see some opportunities on the M&A side. Really and I think for us KUM is really in our sweet spot. That is a multiple that's in the sixes post synergies. It's a very attractive deal from our perspective. It is one that we're going to be able to integrate very quickly. We'd expect that integration to really take sort of a six month timeframe from close. And it's a business that fits us very well. There's some overlap with HellermanTyton. We'll be able to get some leverage and some synergies there, as well as big connector portfolio. So certainly, the kind of deal we'd like and the kind of deal would like to do more of.
Kevin Clark: Well book-to-bill just in the quarter alone, we did just point of reference lastly on active safety we had just under $600 million of revenues and in the first quarter we booked almost yes almost $900 million.
Kevin Clark: Yes there is a lot as it relates to discussions. So we're in rare workshops I don't know roughly half a dozen OEs today most of them European, that transitional take place in stages. First it'll be consolidation as it relates to consolidation within particular area like safety controllers, like Integrated Cockpit Controllers in that area and then kind of the second stage going to a more I guess a cleaner sheet approach as it relates to vehicle architecture. So we see kind of the first stage is really, really happening from a significant growth standpoint and kind of 2021 and then 2025 for a more broader look at vehicle architecture. But a lot of discussion - on the integrated topic side, we have three customers were rolled out or will be rolling out over the next year or so. I think we reviewed Brian with you and a number of investors and customers our CSP platform which crosses a number of multi domains and our number of domains and adds functional safety to controller capability. We did that at CES in 2018. There is a lot of interest in and around that both what it does from a cost savings standpoint, a mass saving standpoint, the fact that you can connect eight domains to it versus the typical Integrated Cockpit Controller today does two. So there is a great deal of interest, a great deal of dialogue, and importantly it gets us a really great seat at the table from a strategic discussion standpoint across all of our customers. And I think quite frankly it's one of the reasons you've seen us have so much success with customers like BMW quite frankly who are at the forefront for automotive technology.
Kevin Clark: Yes. So right I guess the way I would to maybe augment Joe's comment I think based on what we're seeing in active safety based on what we're seeing in areas like vehicle electrification vehicle connectivity I'd say the bias is stronger than our view of it one year ago. So that gives us more confidence in the numbers that we obviously communicated. Having said that, as you know, there is multiple items that affect those numbers like foreign exchange rates, like commodity prices, like OE decisions on mix. But I guess what I would say we feel even more confident in those underlying projections that we gave people. As it relates to ADAS, when you look at the top five ADAS players we put ourselves at roughly number four today. We tell you based on our bookings that we'll end at number two close to number one, I think in 2020 or 2021. And we're doing that based on wins principally in the radar space and in the safety controller space. And it's an area where we feel like we benefit significantly having capabilities in and around vehicle architecture as well as the software capabilities that we bring to perception systems like radar, like vision, as well as the incremental benefits that we're getting from our expertise and the experience in automated driving from Ottomatika and NuTonomy. So we'd expect this year to book $3 billion and more of active safety bookings, which is in line a little bit less than what we booked roughly the same or a little less than what we booked last year, which is significantly higher than what we've booked in all the previous years.
Kevin Clark: We don't necessarily have a target for high voltage bookings but there is a lot of activity in and around high voltage bookings, and the fact that really in the first quarter we booked close to $300 million. We would expect to have a strong bookings year. As a point of reference last year we booked close to $1 billion. So we expect to be in that range or more in 2018.
Kevin Clark: Yes. So that's going to go - it's about 65%, 70% Korean manufacturers. There's another 30 plus, round number 30% in China. So it gives us some local OE. It gives us some China presence in there, very well run connector business. We've known the individuals, a family run business we've known the individuals for a while. And our Asia PAC team led by Simon had done a nice job of maintaining those relationships. So as the business came up for sale we're actually able to deal with it in almost on an exclusively basis effectively, so we know the business. And again, it's going to be a good - we need the capacity. It's going to be helpful from that perspective but there's a lot of opportunity for integration. And like we've done in the past placing our buy power on a business of that size will help from a material savings perspective which is where we think the majority of synergies will come from.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Listen, I think it's tough to give a precise number. I think it's happening more. It's certainly happening with those OEs were technology oriented and have a brand that can command price. So I'd say that David that's where we're seeing most of it is with the German premium brands. And I think you're right. We're used to start with the S Class or the seven series or the 88 with Audi. It's now more pervasive across our broader lineup of luxury vehicles, you're right.
Kevin Clark: Yes. John this is Kevin. Starting a couple of years ago, we started to really watch the trend closely on passenger car versus SUV and truck. And quite frankly we view it as a global trend in addition to our North American trend. So as we look at bookings, as we look at pursuits, we really refocus the team or increase the focus of the team on trucks SUV globally. So we feel like we're in a position as Joe said to certainly manage through the recent announcement as it relates to Ford which is going to transition over a fairly lengthy period of time. As Joe mentioned, FCA last year was a little bit more challenging. That was a decision to real quickly exit out of passenger car production. But we feel like we're in a good position to manage through near-term and longer term should benefit from it.
Kevin Clark: Yes. So today with the fleet of the sites that we have today, we have 100 vehicles on the road globally. We have north of 30 in Las Vegas. But 30 will be a part of the full Lyft network, we're managing those, we're owning those. As the fleet gets larger that's something where we'll be a third party customer. And whether they manage the fleet or we manage it on their behalf or quite frankly there are third parties that we are in discussions with about who are more experienced than a part of our business as fleet management from a day to day standpoint. That's something that we'd evaluate having a third party to actually do that on our behalf.
Kevin Clark: Listen, our focus - so we're in discussions with multiple cities and mobility on demand providers. We could be entering additional cities with Lyft. We will be entering in partnership with others in other cities. David, I think as you know, we announced the partnership with the City of Las Vegas. They will be rolling out in 2019 or 2020 for vehicles as well. So we're really focused on pursuing opportunities with multiple parties and really doing it globally, so operating in cities in the U.S. and Europe as well as in Asia. I think today we operate - we have a pretty big footprint in Singapore, partnering with the Singapore LTA, and that's something that we'll continue to expand upon. So we're looking in - long winded answer saying, we're looking to partner within a number of different providers.
Kevin Clark: Well, what we're doing in Las Vegas today is the customer facing is Lift. That's where they have experience and expertise and that's where they do an outstanding job. Obviously, for us today, it's the vehicle. It's the vehicle software and the - as well as the architecture. We continue to do this because our target is to get the driver out of the car and to do it as quickly as we can. So today to Joe's point, we really view this as a development activity and then an opportunity to collect dollars commercially to help fund or offset some of the cost related to that development, vehicle development or software development.
Kevin Clark: Yes, I don't think we've seen an acceleration over a couple of quarters. I think relative to a year or so ago we've seen a ramp up in high-voltage RFQs out of our customers really across all regions. So I'd say there is a much more concerted effort on the OE side to have a broad portfolio of high-voltage vehicles. I think as Joe mentioned last year our high-voltage revenues increased over 50% and this year our outlook is over 60% and we see that quite frankly for the foreseeable future from a revenue standpoint. And as you look at bookings, bookings have been extremely strong. And book-to-bill ratio for us on high-voltage has been two to three times revenues. So it's something that we believe is real. We believe it's something that although there's a lot of talk about it in China we're seeing that growth, but we're also seeing growth in Europe as well as North America. And we think it's going to translate into significant revenue.
Kevin Clark: So listen it there some longer answers than others. Listen as it relates to radar as you know we've been in the radar business for a really long time. And we're working very aggressively to continue to optimize and enhance short medium and long-term radar not necessarily, so that it replaces Leddar. But maybe as you think about autonomous vehicle, you are less dependent on Leddar. So I think if you talk to our tech guys today if we have Glenn [ph] here, the reiterate in the fact, that we think it's important that you have three perception systems that you need the redundancy. But there are multiple ways to skin the cat as it relates to those perception systems. But we are very focused and we have an initiative to enhance radar so that an automated driving vehicle is less dependent upon high cost Leddar.
Kevin Clark: As it relates to functional safety listen we think and I think our industry believes that's the difference between those of us who've come out of the auto industry in been in it for a long period of time and those who have not. There a part of the equation as it relates to solving the autonomous driving question is the software and algorithm tied to the ADAS stack but that's only a part of the overall solution right. And where players like ourselves and we think obviously we're more uniquely positioned than anyone else. Who have the controller experience, who have the architecture experience, who have the software experience and have the automotive experience. We have the ability to approach these challenges and these problems concurrently with the software solution. And that's really why two years ago we kicked off the heavy effort the concerted effort as it relates to smart architecture smart vehicle architecture in the vehicle. It was really how do we bring together the perception systems the software systems. And the hardware systems together to develop solutions that ultimately optimize our level for autonomous driving vehicle and between now and then quite frankly enhancing the active safety experience of your competition business all of those sorts of things for the OE customers. So we would say if you don't have experience across all those it is a big challenge. We would say that we're better positioned than others and we're working really, really hard at it. So I think that's an answer to at least two of your questions. I don't know if there's a couple more in there as well.
Kevin Clark: Well, this is Kevin. So yes, definitely plan to remove the driver by the end of 2019. That may or may not be part of the lift initiative quite frankly. It is a point to point system. It is similar to what we had at CES although broader and will continue to get broader, so more locations, multiple locations, more vehicles.
Joe Massaro: No, I think that covers it Brian. As they move particularly in active safety as they're moving across multiple platforms growth take rate versus volume does get a little hard to exactly figure out. But we are seeing both as Kevin said. The other thing I mentioned bookings continue to be incredibly strong. We booked $900 million of active safety bookings in Q1. That's about the full year level for 2013 and 2014. So this is a business that is very well positioned to continue to grow and is very strong in the marketplace, very strong with customer wins. And again just that is a big booking number for the quarter and we expect that - again bookings are always lumpy but we expect that trajectory to continue over the longer term.
Joe Massaro: Segment growth rate, yes. As Kevin mentioned for active safety, we expect this plus 45%, plus 50% to continue.
Joe Massaro: Yes, Chris I think it's a fairly steady march through the year for the segment from an adjusted growth perspective. We see it at the 4%. We see it sort of ending the year around 5%, so maybe a little bit of a tick up during the year. But it's a fairly steady march. Q2 you're right we'll be a little bit higher, but we think this business is about a five call it round numbers of 5% growth for the year.
Joe Massaro: So yes, when you think about connectivity Chris it's really - vehicle architecture is what enables it, right. I would say most of the plans as it relates to connectivity have been laid for years 2019, 2020, 2021. So I think that's reflected in the medium term guidance we've given for that segment. Now having said that, if you see more rapid adoption if you see higher take rates there would be an upward bias in Electrical Architecture and that would affect our connector business. It would affect our cable management business and it would affect our electrical distribution systems business, our wire harness business, so all three.
Joe Massaro: Yes, Rod. We're obviously not going to redo the Investor Day long-term guidance here. I mean obviously from a fundamental perspective we're feeling very good about where some of those key businesses are, Active safety infotainment and high voltage. The broader Signal and Power business is doing very well. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, continue to see really good growth in the adjacent market side of the business things like that, half of the industrial electrical business within HellermannTyton. So continue to feel very confident and have obviously taken the numbers up for 2018. And certainly would expect that confidence to continue. But we're not going to give out the numbers. As it relates to, I will make a comment on high voltage and then Kevin can comment on the active safety. High voltage continues to be a very attractive space. You've heard us talk about it given our presence in Signal and Power Solutions we feel we have a very strong right to play, $2 billion worth of bookings since 2016 in high voltage, although growing off a small base expect that business to grow well over 50% in 2018. So you've got a $300 million or so business that's effectively add segment margins growing over 50%, and ultimately believe, we have the ability to stake out in the market position in high voltage that we do in the low-voltage signal and Power Solutions business. That's certainly our goal internally and feels that's a reasonable expectation for us to set and for people to hold us to just given where we play on the low voltage side.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I think Rod, there is no specific reason. Listen, I think the launch volume and the take rates came up quicker in Q1. That was in our guide. So we sort of got there a little bit quicker relative to our original outlook for the year. Q2 we always had a strong. I think overall growth over markets a little tricky to call quarter in quarter out just given changes in production and to some extent the comps year-over-year. So nothing specific beyond sort of quarterly ins and outs and some of the comps. We're very confident in our - that 5 to 7 points above market growth for the full-year. We think will still be there, and again, it's just a matter of the sort of ins and outs of the quarter. I would say China at the moment, I would probably say it's going to be a strong electrification market where we think we should be but it's probably more in line with the segment at the moment than plus or minus.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. I think the organic growth - your KUM is not in the guide at this point. We want to put it in until we closed. It's going to be H2 close. We don't expect any issues with the close. It just takes time to close deals in that part of the world. So, I think it's probably more of a 2019 impact of the numbers, that one will be integrated quickly too. And it's relative to the connective business. It's an important deal but it's not particularly large to that connector business. So, yes, the organic growth above market in our event growth rate of that 6% to 7% that's our organic number effectively. That's what the businesses are doing. And again KUM at this point will move that significantly just given its size to the extent we did larger deals as we've done in the past we're like HellermannTyton, a deal of that size we certainly called that out from the growth rate for the first year after acquisition.
Joe Massaro: Yes, if you're presuming that an acquisition like that is effectively purchased R&D right and it's kind of a make buy I guess you can look at it that way. I think the guidance we've given here and we've given historically doesn't include any acquisitions, does not include acquisitions that we've not closed on. So KUM is not in the numbers.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Listen, this is something we've been working through and preparing for a while. I think long-term you're right. SUV truck is a better content profile for us particularly as you get to the higher end SUVs. The Ford announcement we're obviously watching closely. We'll work through them on what that means and how quickly Ford revenue for us on the passenger car model we're talking about is a little over 200 million a year. So it's a number over a three-year period. We feel like we could certainly work through with them. FCA was bigger than that when they sort of - FCA was over $300 million and that plug and pulled fairly quickly and we managed to work through it. So we also think for particularly with folks like Ford and several of the others there is - we've got some upside and some opportunities to do more on their truck and SUV platforms as well over time.
Joe Massaro: And I think John these cars, the 30 - to Kevin's point are an extension of the test fleet. So we'll own and operate them. We still go through obviously the updating of the software and the perception systems. As we've talked about before as something like that were to grow to scale, we think there are folks out there from a finance perspective that would own those assets. We certainly wouldn't expect to put those in our balance sheet. But this is more given its nature and its size at the moment, we'll keep those cars.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Yes there will be safety drivers. They'll be at a normal configuration you use to see. So yes so two folks in the car performing those ride, and we're obviously working to move beyond that. But for commencement of operations with these 30 cars there will be our two engineers on the car.
Joe Massaro: Yes. David, the way I would frame it and not to be overly nuance, but if you went back a year or two, the rides in Vegas, all of the cars on the road that we had were testing the technological applications of this, right. I would say this Lift is the first time we're testing the commercial application, right. These cars in an automotive mobility on demand setting, what's best practice on how to run them, where do you start to get consumer adoption ? And so, I think, you could call it a pilot or a test, but it's more of a commercial pilot than a technology pilot, if that makes sense to you.
Joe Massaro: Well, it depends on the product, it depends on the OE, active safety penetration is across the board with OEs.
Joe Massaro: So luxury, as well as mass market, I guess, we'll differentiate as to the level of active safety's solutions. But every one, every OE is putting ADAS solutions on their cars. As it relates from award to validation and putting on a vehicle, I would say it's - in that space its averaging two years maybe three. But there are - the reason, the two year with customers that we have existing active safety business with, and it's rather penetration of their fleet. The three years are those OEs that either we don't have active safety business with or we do. And then maybe a new perception system or more advanced perception system and you're going through testing and vehicle validation.
Joe Massaro: Yes David, we use from a share perspective and just what's happening in the market we've been keyed of that 2025 IHS data for about the past 1.5 year. We think that's a good - it's a good time period. It's a good proxy. And I think David over that to support Kevin's point over the past year they've moved there what I'll call electrified powertrain penetration up from about 25% of production to 35% of production BEB from 5% to north of 10%. So that tends to be our guidepost. And I would say what we're seeing today would support an increase in that outlook in 2025 which they've reflected.
Joe Massaro: In North America specifically the launches we had some Q4 launches Itay that is we talked about launches just you launch a product Don. December one and that revenue curve over the first two or three months is it's a little hard to forecast until everybody starts getting into rhythm. So some of that hits right, we've got some launches on some new truck platforms even beyond the T1 SX that we're delivering some revenue in the quarter and will continue to do so for the year. So as I mentioned, it was just more I would say the timing of when some of those started to hit what I'll call for a short that maybe what we had expected in the original guidance.
