Kevin P. Clark: Thanks, Joe. Let me summarize on Slide 21 before turning it over for Q&A.  Delphi delivered another strong quarter with solid revenue and earnings growth, which was a continuation of the positive trend we saw across the company over the course of 2016. Our great start gives us confidence in our outlook for the full year, as Joe said: mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, 30 basis points of margin expansion and double-digit earnings growth.  We remain committed to staying in front of evolving market dynamics and trends to ensure that our business is always positioned to deliver significant value to our customers and outsized returns to our shareholders. We believe the strategic rationale for the spin-off of our Powertrain segment reinforces that commitment. By creating two well-positioned companies aligned to evolving industry trends, each with increased flexibility to pursue distinct strategies that will better position them to solve our customers' biggest challenges, accelerate revenue and earnings growth and increase shareholder value.  So with that, we'll open up the call for questions. 
Kevin P. Clark: Rod, if I can add to Joe's comments. Just philosophically, listen, our view on this transaction is the best time to do something like this is when businesses are doing well and you're coming off a position of strength. Our philosophy, as it relates to capital allocation and use of cash, I think, obviously, it's driven value for our shareholders and that's something, a philosophy, that we certainly would maintain at RemainCo and certainly would expect some mix of that to remain with this spun Powertrain business. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes. And then to augment that, Rod, listen, when you look -- when you break it down by segment at a high level, our outlook for revenue growth is mid-single digit for Powertrain. So obviously, as Joe's talked about before, very strong growth in the Gas Direct Injection, very strong growth in heavy-duty and medium-duty commercial vehicle, very strong growth in power electronics offsetting that light-duty diesel headwind. As it relates to Electronics and Safety, very strong double-digit growth. Electrical Architecture, low to mid-single-digit growth just given its market position. But we think with the separation of these 2 companies, the increased focus on developing advanced technologies, those are growth rates and profit margins that should actually improve. As it relates to consolidation within the industry, listen, consolidation has been something that's talked about a long time in this industry, both at a OE as well as a supplier level. Our rationale for the CSLP partnership with both Mobileye and Intel was really about how do you leverage the capabilities across the industry, whether it's through formal consolidation or informal partnerships. And listen, we're in areas of technology that are going to require more focused investment, increased investment and I think there are multiple ways to fund that, whether it be through physical consolidation, acquisitions and mergers, et cetera, for less formal or more formal strategic partnerships like we have. Hopefully that answers your question. 
Kevin P. Clark: Sure. Sure, I'll start, Brian. Listen, from a bundling product standpoint, they're completely separate from a technology and product standpoint. Go-to-market, where it makes sense from a customer standpoint, that's where we partner. We're doing a lot of that now in China and we'd expect by the end of the year to have a few joint programs, one unannounced. Postspin, we'd expect, as long as we are continuing to drive value for each separate, independent business, that's a cooperation that we would continue to have. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, let me be clear. So all that product portfolio that, about a year ago, we moved out of Electronics and Safety into Powertrain because that's where the decision was being made from a purchase and engineering standpoint. So inverters, converters, all the products that you just mentioned, that will sit within the Powertrain business. 
Kevin P. Clark: No, no. Let me make it really clear. We have a great Powertrain business that's very well positioned, that has a great product portfolio including power electronics. And this is about how do we position it to increase the flexibility, to accelerate investment, to increase growth, increase profitability and to be in a better position to serve our customers. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, listen, I wouldn't say we have structural issues or gaps. I think both businesses will look at opportunities to further enhance their product portfolio, whether that be through organic investment or acquisitions. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes. Listen, the activity is roughly in line with what we had last year. I think the funnel's actually a little bit larger. We'd expect our bookings this year to be in excess of what we booked last year, which was $26 billion. With respect to new entrants or new players bidding on business, I'm not seeing anything noteworthy. Joe, do you have anything... 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes. Listen, I would say, thematically, Liam and his team are great operators who have executed really well from a cost structure standpoint, so we'll experience very solid operating margin expansion this year. Into the out years, even with increased investments, I think Liam as well as, you're all familiar with Tim Manganello, they're very focused on revenue growth and profit improvement. So thematically, you would see no change. 
Kevin P. Clark: Listen, Adam, I'd answer it this way, we really mean this: we have a great Powertrain business that's very well positioned, that has some tremendous opportunity out there that we believe, by setting up as a separate public company, they're better positioned to pursue. And as a result, they'll be a better supplier to their customers and all that will translate to better value for shareholders. Having said that, you saw the road map slide that I walked through. We're about driving shareholder value and making sure we do it in a way that benefits our customers. So that's how I'd respond. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes -- no, that's a great question. Listen, short term, I think there definitely are some dissynergies. I don't think they're huge, but there are some. Joe alluded to the, let's call it, the corporate or overhead costs. There'll be some duplication for a brief a period of time. There is a benefit in scale, things like sourcing that you just talked about. There's also some benefit with respect to leveraging technology like electronics between, for example, Electronics and Safety as well as our Powertrain business, ease of use. Having said that, given how rapidly this industry is evolving, given how complex the technology is getting, given the amount of convergence that's going on between historically what we refer to as Electrical Architecture and what's going on in autonomous driving and infotainment and user experience, I think being focused, laser focused, is going to drive faster development of technologies, and quite frankly, more revenue benefit and more margin benefit. And I think having two -- both businesses separate gives you more flexibility, gives the management teams more flexibility to make those decisions and maybe not have to assess as many of the trade-offs, Adam. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, listen, there is -- as it relates to systems, there always is a benefit from an efficiency and a cost standpoint to have a system. The reality is, though, we have a customer base, most of our customers, to be candid with you, in that area in and around Powertrain like to buy in components. So that's something that you need to be cognizant of. We have -- and Liam and team, I'm sure, will continue to evaluate other areas within their product portfolio in and around EVs or powertrain electronics where they'll decide they want to be in the business versus partnering with somebody who's in the business today and I think that'll be a capital allocation trade-off. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, I think -- some of the products that you mentioned, our view today is that it's likely some of those become commodity-like and that you're better off buying versus making, and there is a universe out there of very capable suppliers that are happy to partner with a company like Delphi to provide that product in a system. 
Kevin P. Clark: Well, listen, the two items that you're referring to, fourth quarter and first quarter, related to, let's call it, older technologies that are out there. I'll start and Joe should get into more detail. When you look at warranties, the reality is there's a big chunk of warranty that is lumpy at the end of the day. It's a lumpy expense. And I think, based on that, I think our conclusion was we're better off keeping them in the numbers and highlighting them for you. And Joe, I should... 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, Ryan, listen, I think, again, I want to go back, we strongly believe that there's significant growth above vehicle production that sits within the powertrain spaces where we operate. We are very confident of that. We have no doubt. Our view of the concern about the demise of the internal combustion engine, our view is, in 2025, 95% of powertrains are going to be ICE, right, with some electrification, with some amount of EVs and there's tremendous opportunity for growth and profitability serving all those various categories. We think as regulations get increasingly more stringent, especially in Europe and China, the reality is the acceleration of technology serving those spaces would increase and technology development is going to have to be more rapid. Having said that, and it gets to the capital allocation question, there is a view among investors about the value of a Powertrain dollar of earnings versus some of the other businesses we're in. And we believe that having these separate, having more flexibility to decide where investment is made and takes place, possibly having a slightly different makeup of shareholders, results in incremental value at the end of the day for the existing Delphi shareholder base. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, I mean, today, when you look at cash generation and return on capital per dollar of revenue, the two highest are in our Electrical Architecture and our Electronic and Safety business, right? E&S is principally software related. We're working to make that or create more of a software model within that E&S business. Electrical Architecture is, I think you all know, a portion of that business is very high-margin, high-growth connectors and engineered components. The other component is Electrical Architecture, which isn't quite as high margin, but has very little capital expense related to it and therefore is a big cash generator. 
Kevin P. Clark: Well, we evaluated all alternatives, right, and came up with the conclusion that, to your point, this was the right path to go down to drive value for shareholders and to position the business to best serve our customers. 
Kevin P. Clark: Well, listen, with respect to names, we actually really like the Delphi name. But having said that, we're going through a whole process now to determine where it best fits and evaluating are there other naming alternatives, whether it sits with the Powertrain business or the RemainCo business. 
Kevin P. Clark: If the capital is free, you mentioned free capital. I guess, that I'd be supportive of -- I think with respect to raising other capital, I think Joe would have to go through a cost of capital analysis and weigh that versus what some of the options are in terms of deploying it. Joe, do you... 
Kevin P. Clark: If I can go back to a prior question asked. I'm a little bit -- and you didn't ask it, John, but a little bit remiss with respect to cash flow profile of our business. I didn't mention the Powertrain business. The reality is although that is a business that has the office of being much more capital-intensive, given the nature of the product and the manufacturing process, it's a business, from a cash-generation standpoint, that actually does a very good job. From a return on capital standpoint, it's a bit lower than what we have at E&S and E/EA but still solid returns on invested capital and we're on it. 
Kevin P. Clark: Well, listen, when you think about production schedules, we get production schedules that are 30 to 60 days out with some adjustment at the front end. So I would tell you at least as it relates to the first few months of the second quarter, those would reflect their outlook, their current situations relates to inventory and their outlook for sales. 
Kevin P. Clark: Sure, we'll talk about that. It's a business that price-downs average between 1.5% to 2%. So from a pricing standpoint, it's well positioned. From a portfolio standpoint, this business is very focused on serving those areas, where there's only a, quite frankly, a handful of suppliers that have -- that serve that market. And the business works real hard to have technologies that are better than the technologies of its competitors. From an engineering standpoint, our Powertrain businesses spends about 10% of sales. So there's an intensive -- engineering-intensive aspect of that business. Today, that encompasses a lot of the power electronics that we're selling today and under development right now. Liam and team will kind of evaluate, just as they do now, the trade-offs between more investment and where they can offset it in their cost structure to maintain and continue to expand margins, and we'll talk about that more at the Investor Day in the fall. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, well, listen, and Joe can give more specifics. Again, this business will have a capital structure that positions it and allows it to continue to invest and grow the business. So I start with that.  That's -- at the end of the day, that is how it's going to be positioned. I guess, we could debate a little bit what is high, but in this industry and all of us familiar with the industry, I think we'd be at a fairly tight band on what we consider high. Joe, why don't you... 
Kevin P. Clark: So this is Kevin Clark. Thank you, everybody, for your time. We appreciate you listening in on our conference call. Have a great day. 
Joseph Massaro: Rod, it's Joe. So we're still early days working through the capital structure obviously and that process will commence at a quicker pace postannouncement. But we'd expect RemainCo to maintain its investment-grade rating. There will be a dividend from SpinCo to RemainCo for some deleveraging to do that. Those exact amounts and the exact structures, again, it's something we'll work through over the next 2 months as we -- following up from the announcement. As it relates to overhead costs, a couple of ways to think about it: one, we do allocate overhead costs to our segments. So there is a portion of Delphi's overhead and stand-alone company -- public company costs already in the Powertrain numbers. As we look at it today, we would not -- there'll be some incremental, but we do not believe it would be material to stand Powertrain up on a stand-alone basis. Those same amounts would be effectively stranded costs for RemainCo. We expect the stranded costs, based on our initial analysis, to be slightly more than we had with Thermal. As you recall, we had about $60 million of stranded costs with Thermal. We expect the Powertrain stranded costs to be more than that, but still less than $100 million and we would expect to work our way through those over the first 18 to 24 months following the spin, much like we did after the sale of Thermal. 
Joseph Massaro: Sure, Rod. It's Joe. I'll take the light-duty diesel question and Kevin can follow up on your second part. So our view right now, and this has been very consistent over really the last year plus, we have light-duty diesel revenues, which, for us, is primarily pass car and light commercial vehicle in Europe. We have those revenues decreasing 3% per year over the next couple of years through our forecast period of 2019, effectively following down light-duty diesel penetration in that carpark. At this point, there continues to be discussion and I would say a lot of differing views on that. But we think we're consistent with where our customers are at, we're consistent with what we're seeing in schedules, and certainly, some of the forecasting agencies, their projections of between now and 2019, 2020, light-duty diesel penetration sort of being -- going from the high 40s to the low 40 percentage. So that is unchanged at this point and we think that's the right place to be. 
Joseph Massaro: No, nothing from a new entrant perspective. David, I would say that bookings are very lumpy, right? If you looked at '15 and '16, bookings were probably a little more heavily weighted to the beginning of the year. In '17, normal flow, have them a little more weighted to the back end of the year. That would be the only thing I'd point out. 
Joseph Massaro: Well, certainly, from -- I think as a stand-alone business that we'll be able to make capital deployment investment decisions based on where they see that technology going. That business has worked very hard. That team -- Liam and his team have worked very hard to improve the margin structure of that business. And certainly, much like Delphi has done, I think the expectation would be continued margin expansion while investing in new technologies. I certainly wouldn't see that changing. And again, they've done a great job with their footprint rotation and making smart investments in that business. So we'll obviously come out with that later as we get past the Q2 release then to Investor Day, but I don't see any major changes coming from that perspective. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, I think it's very similar to our discussion in the fourth quarter where we saw fairly strong flow-through. We've been forecasting for flat market, continue to do so. To the extent there is volume upside, we will flow stronger. And as we planned, we've talked about -- as we plan for flat volume, that's how we think about capital deployment, that's how we think about investment expense management. So to the extent we get concentrated, first, of higher volume, which we've seen particularly in China, Q4 and Q1 and again in Europe as well, we tend to flow stronger. I would focus on -- I think, our margin guidance that we're providing for the full year, Itay, is where -- is certainly where we're planning to be. And again, we're going back to forecasting flat market, and to the extent there's upsides in various markets, we should flow a little stronger. 
Joseph Massaro: It's probably -- it's on both. It's on both. We're getting the volume from new launches. Take rates in E&S, very strong in both China and Europe particularly in active safety and infotainment. But the base business is, particularly in the Electrical Architecture space, is seeing some performance gains after some of the challenges they had last year. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, Chris, motors are a good example of that. We have a couple of partnerships in place now in the Powertrain business including a motor provider in China that's a big part of our product offering there. So there are opportunities in the marketplace to do that without deploying capital. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes. No, Chris, Kevin nailed it. It is lumpy. It's obviously hard to forecast. The way I think about it and the reason we haven't called it out or referred to it as nonrecurring, if you look at the past 5 or 6 years since we've been public, we average about $100 million of warranty expense in a year. Now there's 1 year where just the timing it's $140 million and the next year it's $60 million. But that tends to be the way to think about it. It's not a trend. This is not something we see increasing over time. That range of somewhere right around $100 million per year on a 5- or 6-year base is where we think about it. But in a given quarter, it's just going to stick out a bit. It's going to be lumpy, and again, that's the reason we haven't backed it out and wouldn't advise to. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, well, we've talked about it, if we go to the deck, I think, from a bookings perspective, if you want to use '16 as a proxy of our $26 billion in bookings round numbers, about $19 billion sits in RemainCo, $17 billion sits in Powertrain -- I'm sorry, $7 billion sits in Powertrain. And that ratio is generally consistent. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, from our perspective, we're seeing that. We've had China in our full year guidance. It's just 1% growth. Clearly, Q4 was strong, Q1 was stronger than that. We do start to see it catch up to itself, though, obviously, as the year goes on, particularly lapping in Q3 and Q4. We see China market growth actually turning negative in Q4, down 1%, to finish at sort of that 1% for the year, but clearly tailing off from here. But that's been in our guidance from the beginning, it's how we're running the business, and it's what we're seeing on the ground for the most part. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, John, I mean, we're not certainly at that point yet. I think, as I mentioned, we expect the RemainCo to maintain its investment-grade rating. And much beyond that, we really haven't [ looked into it ]. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, I think steady as you go. It's early in the year, right? We feel from a flat -- forecasting a flat marketing and planning to that has benefited us in terms of just how we deploy our capital, how we manage our costs and allow us to flow a little stronger to the extent there is volume pickup. But it's steady as you go and it's awful early in the year. I think from a -- again, we feel comfortable with our flat forecast. I think what we're looking at, obviously keep an eye on inventory levels, although what we're seeing at the moment, those seem to be building ahead of -- some are shutdowns and some model transitions. Also watching just the continued pass car-SUV mix and what's happening with pass car, particularly in North America. So keeping an eye on those, but again, within our expectations at the moment based on our original forecast. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes. No, David, we often answer the revenue or the market question with a cost question first. I mean, we've been very focused on really from late last year on a flat market and what are the implications of that from a cost perspective and we continue to maintain that discipline internally. We'll obviously even be more focused on it now just given the spin-off. But we tend to focus on, first and foremost, on where that cost structure needs to be to maintain our margin expansion and EPS growth commitments. And what we're now viewing is a flat market. Certainly, to the extent that things change, those market concerns materialize, we'd go to what we do very well, which is managing that cost structure. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, and we have Europe forecasted as a down quarter on a year-over-year basis anyway, so we're not saying anything beyond that. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes. No, Matt, like I said, we're obviously still working through that. Some of that needed to come sort of postannouncement just given who all gets involved with that type of planning. But it will be higher than RemainCos. But at this point, we haven't set an exact level, but to Kevin's point, I mean, our expectation and our goal is that this business is positioned with a capital structure that allows it to operate effectively, allows it to invest and that, I think, from an equity perspective, it fits well within its overall weighted average cost of capital. 
Joseph Massaro: That is correct, yes. No, we moved -- as Kevin mentioned, we moved our power electronics business, which is inverters, converters, all that type of technology, into Powertrain from E&S over a year ago, I guess, a year ago this time and that business belongs in Powertrain and is going with the spin. 
