Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'm going to wrap up on Slide 19 before opening it up for Q&A. We delivered another strong quarter with record revenue growth over market and robust new business awards, while at the same time, delivering on our commitments for revenue, operating income and earnings per share. Despite the need to remain prudent in our planning in the current macro environment, we remain very optimistic in our outlook for continued revenue and earnings growth in 2019 and beyond. Through increased vehicle content, excuse me, and market share gains, in addition to the benefits of our more balanced customer, regional and end-market exposure, and our relentless focus on optimizing our cost structure, enabling us to both increase earnings and reinvest for the future. As Joe just reviewed, we remain disciplined and balanced in our capital allocation strategy, investing in both organic and inorganic growth. Our latest acquisitions of KUM and Winchester Interconnect reflect our focus on accretive bolt-on opportunities. And we continue to leverage our strong balance sheet to take advantage of market disconnects to opportunistically buyback shares. In summary, we remain well positioned to continue to execute and outperform in what has been a more dynamic macro environment. So with that, let's open up the call for questions.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Chris, that's a great question. So, listen, we start with -- Joe and I both highlighted. We're continuously focused on making our cost structure more competitive, so that is an ongoing activity. As we look at slower growth in Europe and China, we're pruning where it's appropriate. However, we're also balancing that with significant growth over market in both regions. So we're trying to balance that with incremental launches the balance of this year as we head into next year, so that we don't -- so that we ensure that we don't put ourselves in a whipsaw sort of a position. I'll let Joe comment on the numbers.
Kevin Clark: Yes. There is a lot of discussion about it. The government has yet to formalize and approve. As you know, it is a country and a government, where, to the extent you see economic slowdown, there is an incentive to drive growth or to do things that drive growth. But as of now, a lot of discussion, nothing has been implemented. So it's something that we're watching -- something we're watching very, very closely.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. We've definitely seen an inflection point as it relates to powertrain electrification. And listen, I think we would tell you it's really in every category, from hybrids to plug-ins to, quite frankly, battery electrics, and battery electrics specifically. Our outlook for mix of battery electrics in 2025 are probably twice what they were a year or two ago. So we've seen a tremendous ramp up in interest from our OE customers. We think we're very well positioned from a vehicle architecture standpoint, both connectors as well as wire harness, and it's been reflected in our bookings in the revenue growth that I talked about. As I mentioned, we're off a relatively small base today, roughly $300 million of revenues, that will grow to north of $1 billion in a couple of years.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Joe, it's Kevin. So, we -- I mean, just a little bit color on vehicle production. So we really didn't -- we saw schedules change, schedules, underlying vehicle production, so not penetration rates, really the last week of the third quarter. And it was relatively significant over a short period of time. And that's continued into October and it's -- a significant portion of it is in the China market, but in reality, we're seeing it in Europe and North America as well. So, that's why -- that's what our guidance for the fourth quarter reflects.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, Joe. The question was asked earlier. We've tried to be very balanced as it relates to what we do from a near-term cost reduction action in China. We have significant growth in areas like active safety, electrification, infotainment, our connector business, as well as within EVR. So we've tried to be balanced. Having said that, we're not waiting for government incentives to drive growth. So, we're very focused on managing the cost structure, doing it in a prudent way, doing it in a way that it doesn't interfere with our current very strong growth over market in each one of our businesses, and making sure that we're not in a position where we need to respond aggressively one way or another if stimulus comes into play or it doesn't.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Listen, I think Joe made the comment earlier. I wouldn't look quarter-to-quarter from a growth rate standpoint. I mean, we've been running pretty consistently over the last couple of years at roughly 60% growth in that product line. And I think over the last couple of years, we've gone from five customers to -- I believe, we have roughly 18 customers today. So it's expansion of our customer base, its further penetration within those customers, with significant opportunity to go. And we think we're going to continue to have very, very strong growth as we bring on the bookings from the last couple of years, including some of the Level 2 plus, Level 3 minus programs that we've won over the last, call it, 12 months or so.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, it was a mix of programs, principally around pickups and SUVs across not only the North American OEs but some launches of some European and Asian OEs in the US market or North American market.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Continue to remain on track. Having a number of discussions with a number of OEs, and hopefully be in a -- hope to be in a position to announce something relatively soon.
Kevin Clark: No. David, yeah. Listen, we'll -- we're very confident we'll book well over $3 billion of active safety bookings this year and that compares to roughly $3.7 billion last year. So, no, there's no trend there quarter-to-quarter.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Listen, we've talked -- we initially talked about Winchester and we'll come out with 2019 guidance and break that out in January. We initially talked about Winchester being just little more neutral, because we do have to make some investments there to make a sort of the platform that we need. So we'll come out with that in January, but just as we plugged it into the fourth quarter obviously, adding $0.02 for the quarter.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. From a planning standpoint, our outlook now would be flat to down as you look at 2019 vehicle production. That's our assumption from a planning standpoint. That's our view of the market as we sit here today.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, no problem. Yeah. Now listen, that business is running at or slightly above segment margins now that -- you're right, Rich. We typically have said that a product line for us breaks even at $350 million and hit segment margins at $750 million to $1 billion. That business for us was actually basically a segment margin out of the gates, because it's just more of what we do, it's the same plant, the same people building higher voltage, higher value add parts for high voltage systems versus low voltage. So that's been contributing in this year, and will continue to grow.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Listen, I'll let Joe walk you through the numbers. I mean, launch activity this year, critical launch activity were up 50% year-on-year. So, it's been a significant launch year, especially in the Signal and Power Solutions business. As we head into the next year, we have an increase, but it isn't close to that sort of a year-over-year increase. So I think you have some stability from a launch standpoint. I'll let Joe walk you through the numbers.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. So I'll start on Las Vegas and then move in to your second piece. So, Vegas, we're running about 1,000 rides per week. We're at about 1 million miles. We have a route point-to-point that includes three locations, and we're expanding that. So that's going extremely well. We're collecting revenues. So that's very much a positive. In terms of getting the driver out of the vehicle, that's late 2019, early 2020, is our current time frame from pulling the driver out of those vehicles. So on our schedule, as it relates to the VW-Mobileye announcement, I guess, we have a non-exclusive relationship with them as it relates to CSLP. Since being acquired by Intel, they've been developing their own platform as well. So that's a separate program that they're doing with VW in Israel.
Kevin Clark: So, -- yeah. So -- I don't know, 75% of our revenues in China are with the multinational JVs, 25% local, and 95% of the revenues are with the Top 10.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. I guess, in theory, that's the case. I think, the other pieces is you're -- we're seeing significant ramp up in growth and things like active safety for that market, which is driving strong outgrowth versus market, similar with infotainment and user experience.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. So we do. I don't have an exact [indiscernible] in terms of a meaningful offset. I think our growth relative to market somewhat speaks for itself and that's included in the numbers that Joe walked you through.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Brian, I would tell you, I think this is one where the -- as an industry, the industry is focused on the incremental costs and recognizes that that's not a good thing for OEs, for -- and customers' OEs or supply base. I would say there's a fairly active effort between the suppliers and the OEs to evaluate supply chain, evaluate manufacturing alternatives to reduce the overall impact. But to Joe's point, I think the pressing point is just revalidation of new facilities, and that's just a matter of resources. But it does have everybody's focus, and the North American OEs are very, very focused on it, and actually doing a very good job working with the supply base.
Kevin Clark: Listen, I mean, it's -- Joe should come in detail. Very, very focused especially in and around the engineered components space from an M&A standpoint to diversify revenues. As Joe mentioned, we had an outstanding asset in Winchester and a great management team with a great platform to do some of the transactions that, from a size standpoint, historically, we're unable to do. So, we're excited about it. Joe, you can.
Kevin Clark: And Maynard, it's -- one thing is important to note. We have a very concerted effort. It takes a little bit longer to execute on, but a very concerted effort of taking our existing product portfolio and expanding into adjacent markets like commercial vehicle. It's very analogous where they weren't -- there was not quite as much focus historically as what we have today. So we have a dedicated sales team building a dedicated engineering team to penetrate markets like commercial vehicle.
Kevin Clark: As it relates to the first part of your program, we've won roughly 10 central compute programs over the last couple of years. And why, we think, we've been so successful is really is bringing the full strength of Aptiv. And you've heard us talk about the brain and nervous system, and leveraging the -- our capabilities in software, as well as leveraging our capabilities in hardware, whether it's signal distribution or compute power, bringing those -- bringing both of those capabilities to play. It's a big differentiator from a capability standpoint relative to the rest of our competitors, and it's translated into significant wins on the central compute side. And quite frankly, I think it also translates into significant wins on the active safety side, certainly the advanced active safety solutions, as well as some of the advanced infotainment awards we've had.
Kevin Clark: All right. Well, listen, thank you, everybody, for your time. We really appreciate it. Have a good day.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Chris, if you look, it depends on what you want to walk off of, but if you want to walk off sort of the implied guide from last quarter, you're probably talking down total volume roughly $185 million, about $130 million of that - $135 million of that's going to be the volume take down. That's split between all regions a little bit more - not evenly but more in China and Europe and in North America obviously. And it flows just given the - it's coming down relatively quickly, call that flowing in 25% to 30%. There's another 50 coming out for FX and commodities. And I think that's probably - as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are seeing a fairly significant impact on FX and commodities on things like margin rates. And taking the RMB to 7 obviously, is one of the key drivers there as well. Positively offsetting that on the volume line, you'll have Winchester coming in for round numbers about $50 million of revenue in Q4. So those are the big moving pieces on the volume side.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I - listen, we'll - we're going through our 2019 process. So to give the specifics at that point in time, our planning processes, I think would be a bit premature, right. 2018 has been a strong -- it's been a strong year from a revenue standpoint, Dan; a big piece of that being driven by things like active safety, with 60-plus percent growth, so continued strong growth there. Infotainment mid-teens, kind of in PH the vehicle electrification north of 60%. So those are the real big drivers in addition to what I'd say some underlying volume growth related to launch activity. So from a year-over-year standpoint, we got critical launches that are up roughly 50% year-over-year. So, a significant tailwind as it relates to that. Listen, we're highly confident in our framework for revenue growth over market. I think it's fair to say it's -- we're probably toward the top end of that range relative -- versus the bottom end of that range as we head into 2019. But that's something that will give more visibility and -- visibility to when we comment on 2019 guidance back in early next year.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. Joe, it's Joe. Yes, listen. We are -- it's more vehicle production in China, it really is. I mean, our outgrowth is strong right now. We, call it, eight -- we expect to grow, call it, 8 points in China in Q4 based on what we're seeing. So the outgrowth is fairly significant and continues to be. Now that outgrowth doesn't always -- doesn't shoot straight on a quarterly basis, it can be a little lumpy. So I sort of wouldn't take the 18 points of outgrowth and run with it. But it's not from an Aptiv perspective, we're really seeing it much more on the vehicle production side, particularly things like active safety and high voltage continue to be very strong product lines, and we expect that to continue well into '19.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. Joe, on the working capital side, it's -- there is some inventory that's more in the system, given what we were seeing on our revenue growth. Nothing structural within accounts receivable in terms of payment terms, just more of it at quarter-end than originally expected, again, with the volume. So no structural changes, just more riding the volume. Listen, CapEx, where -- we work hard to spread that number constantly. I'd call this more of a -- a bit of a '19 pull forward particularly to support some of the growth in the ASUX [ph] business. We want to -- we're careful with it obviously. We understand the nature of the business we're in. But just given the growth we're seeing in those product lines, we want to be ready for it, and this is one where we're going to be, I think, on the front end of making some of those investments. So, not a surprise or a problem, but just really looking across that business and making sure we're ready to go.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. And Joe, I -- and I'm not clear with your words. But I -- we dealt with that impact in a single quarter as well, right, in Q4 '15. That wasn't something that impaired margins long term. You're absolutely right, we did have to hire back, and there's some inefficiencies when you hire fast, but that was contained within a quarter as well. So these are -- these could be somewhat episodic and certainly not long-term challenges, one way or the other. And to Kevin's point, we're working hard. Lessons learned a little bit from last time, so trying to stay balanced, and again with the -- with a, call it, 18% growth above market. For us, anyway, it's more about making sure we're satisfying our customers' needs at this point than just necessarily worried about vehicle production.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. I -- sorry, John. We get a lot of questions on it, so we always just felt it was easier to sort of put it right out there than sort of in constant follow up. And it's -- we're not, we're mindful that it is a big number. You won't see the step up next year that you saw this year certainly. We've talked publicly before, could you see it at the 180 [ph] level next year, that type of step up? Sure. But it's not the same order of magnitude as you saw from '17 to '18. And I think we'll continue to provide transparency on that number again. That is just the spend related to the automated driving and mobility, right. There's no spend in there for active safety development or Level 2. I mean, all of that is within the ASUX segment, where it belongs. So this is really a call out on sort of the greenfield automated driving business. So I would expect us to be talking about that to one -- to want to talk about it, if they have to talk about it for a while, particularly as the commercial engagement start to develop and come through.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. As we talked -- we've talked before about some frameworks there. I think the difference this year is really the FX and commodity impacts significant. Just to correct though, we're -- that 6% growth in Q4, our market assumption is 2.5% down, so the outgrowth is closer to 8.5%. I think, on the decremental margin, you take out volume at 25% to 30% is the way to think about it. From a guide perspective, FX and commodities in Q4 is costing us a little over $10 million of OI. So again, stepping up to the RMB7 is meaningful. We've got about five or so of tariffs in there. The tariff impact that's going to come in Q4 and then the rest we talked about it in the fourth -- in the second quarter call about having about $40 million of operating inefficiencies in the back half, $20 million and $20 million. For Q4, that's -- we're stepping that up by about $50 million, so $35 million of inefficiencies, and that's our forecast. What we're seeing, and I think you've heard others talk about it, the volume shifts in customers are fairly choppy, sporadic. We're seeing a plant close here for a week or a plant forecasted to close for two weeks in November. And that's just on a short term, it's just harder to adjust the cost structure for that. So you just don't run as well as you'd want to run in times like that. So, we've increased sort of our outlook for those inefficiencies by about $50 million in the fourth quarter.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. Copper -- yeah, the model hasn't changed for us, on mostly copper at this point. I mean, our steel and aluminum buy is down less than $10 million a year. So it's all about copper, and it's just a little bit of catch-up on the pass-throughs and then it's FX primarily. The RMB is not insignificant for us. When it resets, we pick up. In a quarter where it resets, we obviously pick up the balance sheet remeasurement as well, or assuming we do when we forecast the run rate for a currency like that.
Joe Massaro: No, no. It's -- we're off and running on that, David. We actually closed -- they closed on a very small deal actually between our sign and close. And we see potential for certainly for '19 to see a number of smaller deals like that. They brought with them a very robust funnel. And as we've talked about, there were other ones that we would have liked to have done but really had no place to plug them into within broader Aptiv without the platform. So, I'd expect '19 to be very active on that front.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. Itay, I think, as we think through the inefficiencies we're calling out, it's hard to know exactly where they come from, right, the plants. We get some shutdowns, we get some temporary holds. At the same time, we're launching. So I sort of think of those inefficiencies, including the incremental launch costs that we're seeing, and obviously it's -- with more going on in the plant, it's just harder to offset in a given quarter. But to really reinforce Kevin's point, particularly -- because mostly inefficiencies are in Signal and Power Solutions at this point. If you compare -- if you just baseline 2016 critical launches, so that's programs over $50 million of revenue is the way to think about them. '18 and '19, we're going to be up 250% off the '16 baseline in Signal and Power Solutions in both '18 and '19. So to Kevin's point, it stabilizes in '19 but it stabilizes at a very high level. And we'll make improvements in '19, certainly in the back half of '19 on some of these inefficiencies as the plants get accustomed to running at those volumes. But it's -- the increase has been very significant and it's really what you see driving that business with 7 plus points of growth over market for a year. And that's obviously, a very large business. We're growing a big business at mid- to high-single digits in a given quarter. So, there's a lot of activity. The volume activity is really significant at this point.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. So, Brian, it's Joe. So, post list 3, that late September list, what I'll call unmitigated exposure is $75 million. So, it bumped up significantly from us -- for us on list 3. List 3 captured couple of -- mostly in the connection systems business, a couple of products that we manufacture globally in one location or the other and ship, and that was a decision we made, that was a capital deployment decision at the time, we could build global capacity in one place and build for the world that we did. So, mitigation activity, it's really come in a couple of ways. One, it's moving production, and that obviously is going to take a little bit of time. We need to do that with help from the customers as, obviously, validation and such that needs to take place. Pushing the costs, either up or down in the supply chain, to customers or to suppliers is another lever we have. And then we are spending some time, particularly with the Chinese government on, at least, the products that are made there globally, if there's some way to offset those tariff costs, working with them as a means of keeping the jobs in China. So we're, I would say, at this point, turning over all rocks. We'll clearly mitigate some of that exposure in '19. At this point, just given where we are in the planning process and work under mitigation, I can't give you the exact number that will mitigate, so that's why we went with the total worst cases for '19 to $75 million. But I would expect some of that to be mitigated during -- either before, but more likely during the course of 2019.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. As I mentioned earlier, Maynard, the funnel is strong. I think a little bit of -- and this is going to be a case, particularly as you guys know in the M&A world, a little bit of success begets success, right. So, a year ago, we weren't known as an acquirer of assets in the non-auto connector side. Following Winchester, we're -- probably we are, and we've got a knowledgeable management team and a platform now. So, just more opportunities actually open up once you've done something like Winchester. And like I said, we had a funnel, they had a funnel, and you combine those. And we're -- we do think there's an opportunity certainly to achieve our goal of 25% by '25. And to the extent we can beat that by making intelligent deals, we just won't buy something to beat it. But in terms of finding assets that we like and can accelerate that, we'll certainly will.
Joe Massaro: Sure. Why don't I take the first. This is Joe, I'll take the first part and then Kevin can talk about Porsche. Listen, I think, for us, the margin expansion at the product line level is really going to come from the outgrowth, right. So as long as we continue to grow these product lines with that sort of 4% to 6% above market at the rates you're seeing, very comfortable in terms of earnings growth. Again, I probably sound like a broken record a bit, I would just caution folks on the margin rate expansion gets significantly impacted by FX and commodities. So if you look at -- just by way of example, if you look at either Q3 or Q4 year-over-year, the margin rate expansion is actually negatively impacted by 70 basis points in each quarter, which is just a lot. And certainly when we talked about profit growth and expanding margin rate last September, obviously, didn't have the knowledge of the coming moves in FX rates. So I think the profit growth equation continues to hold it at these revenue growth levels. The margin rate itself is going to be offset a bit by the FX and commodity moves to the extent they continue. So that would be my only sort of caveat on that. But again, the profit growth, we feel very comfortable with as these product lines grow.
David Tamberrino: Further into your mobility spend, I think it's been a little bit of time since maybe we got an update on your CSLP. I believe that was supposed to be production-ready for 2019. How are you tracking for that and how is the commercial receptivity potential to see bookings --
David Tamberrino: Okay. And then on the active safety booking space. I think, we're seeing it step down a little bit sequentially from about $1 billion won [ph] in 2Q to only about $500 million in 3Q. Anything to read into that? Is there…
David Tamberrino: Okay. And that $0.02 per quarter's money good for adding to your, call it, EPS next year with the closure, or is there any…
