Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'll now wrap up on Slide 17 before opening it up for Q&A. Despite the challenges we faced in 2020, we remain laser focused on further enhancing our track record of our performance in long-term value creation as we execute our strategy and deliver on our vision of the company, leveraging our unique position at the intersection of the safe, green and connected megatrends that are transforming our industry. The sequential strong increase in third quarter revenue, earnings and cash flow reflects the flexibility of our business model and the execution capabilities of our team. As we look ahead, our ongoing efforts to provide technology solutions that solve our customer's toughest challenges, improve our revenue diversification to have a more predictable revenue growth profile, further optimize our cost structure to increase the flexibility of our business model, expand our profit margins to generate more earnings, which can be efficiently converted into increased cash flow and maintain a strong balance sheet and smartly deploy capital, creates a more sustainable business and delivers meaningful shareholder returns as the recovery continues to unfold. Our confidence is underpinned by the dedication and commitment of our employees, our greatest asset. I'm grateful we have an organization that is focused on flawlessly serving our customers while creating value for all of our stakeholders. With that, let's open up the line for Q&A.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Rod, it's Kevin. So we feel as though, as we said, we continue to feel and actually feel even more strongly now that we have very, very strong competitive positions in areas like ADAS, in areas like smart vehicle architecture and even more recently increasingly on the high voltage electrification space. And those are areas that we're going to continue to invest in to further widen our competitive mode. Those investments are reflected in the outlook that Joe has given both for the fourth quarter as well as next year. We think if we continue to invest, we're uniquely positioned based on our capabilities, software perception systems, as well as connectors, cable management and wire harness capabilities on the vehicle architecture side to really one significantly accelerate revenue growth, and then to expand margins. So that's something that we will continue to do, but again, that incremental investment reflected in the outlook that Joe has provided.
Kevin Clark: Yes. There's incremental spending, but I think it's balanced. I think it's relatively balanced and again, it's reflected in our outlook.
Kevin Clark: Yes, I think if you look, Joe, correct me, if I'm wrong, first half of the year pricing was significantly below our typical sort of pricing range. So I think we'd say, Rod, it's been more of just a normalization for the full year.
Kevin Clark: Adam, one thing -- I think just to underscore, I think it's important just to reiterate. Over the last couple of years, we've reduced overhead costs in this business by close to $400 million. And so we've been aggressively attacking the cost structure over the last several years. I think one of the questions we wrestle with right now, just given where vehicle production is and given where capacity sits, how we think about kind of fixed cost structure, facilities where, as an example, in light of an 84 million unit of global vehicle production estimate today, balancing that though with -- if you look at our outlook for next year, call it mid-teens revenue growth. So although vehicle production is at a significant low relative to where it's been in 2018, 2019, you look at our revenue growth rate knock on wood in assuming COVID stays under control. You should see fairly significant revenue growth and kind of working into capacity that was put in place when we head up more robust outlook for global vehicle production pre-COVID.
Kevin Clark: It is margin accretive to our SPF segment. So it's from a content per vehicle standpoint, it's over 2x content per vehicle opportunity relative to ICE, and its margin accretive.
Kevin Clark: Well, maybe we'll -- I'll talk about it and, Joe, you can comment on growth. So today its regular recurring revenue. It's below $100 million, it's regular recurring revenue. Revenues were certainly impacted this year. Based on the impact, I'd say more of COVID quite frankly than vehicle production. Most of our revenues today sit without global OEMs on a pre-production basis. We have some business that's post production and we have a significant focus on growing our position, not only within automotive, but have made progress outside of automotive in the commercial vehicle and fleet markets.
Kevin Clark: Yes. So, Joe, that's a great question. So we should start from a high voltage strategy, we're very focused from a pursuit standpoint. So we very much focused on OEMs who have a strong market position, strong global position and a reputation for technology and a real commitment to building out a high voltage portfolio. And that's both on the traditional OEM side as well as on kind of the new newer battery electric focused OEMs. So we've made sure that we're positioned to carve a nice position in those in -- with those OEMs grow as they grow their product lines and as they expand geographically, so make sure that we can grow with them. When you look at opportunities quoted, call it roughly 15, just a couple of years ago, this year we'll quote on probably close to 40 opportunities and we have a win rate of north of 70%. Now some of that, again, I think is attributed to we're very focused in terms of where we're allocating it and dedicating those resources and making sure that we're positioned with those OEMs, who we really feel are going to drive volume in the future.
Kevin Clark: Yes, Joe, if I could add -- just to underscore Joe's point on operating with COVID at the same point in time and we made the decision to make sure that we allocated excess resources. We're in the midst of launching [indiscernible], F-150, S Class for Daimler, Bronco, early next year. So those are launches that we don't want to be in a position where we impact the customer based on things we control. So just to underscore Joe's point, balancing what's going on from a supply chain standpoint today, plus the importance of those platforms for those OEMs and a successful launch, we've made the decision we're going to allocate incremental resources to make sure that we deliver out.
Kevin Clark: Yes. From a LiDAR standpoint, where you begin to see the need for LiDAR and we believe it's necessarily from a technology standpoint on Level 3 solutions and higher a manual. We have not seen any as it relates to Level 2 plus Level 3 minus Level 2. So a solid place in Level 3 and above. Having said that, as a radar technology company, we're working very hard to advance our radar technology. Pushing to see if we can put -- advance the technology to the point where you minimize the need for LiDAR technology on Level 3 solutions. So advancing that technology forward. What's driving that is quite frankly the desire from an OEM standpoint to bring down costs of that technology, or of that solution providing that Level 3 solution. Why we decided not to invest in LiDAR, we have strong capabilities in radar. We've not previously worked on developing LiDAR solutions. There were others out there who were further along. So from a capital standpoint, we made the decision to partner with those who are already in the business and have the capability.
Kevin Clark: Yes, Itay, one thing we're sensitive to, I think we want to just make sure that everyone understands we're dealing with a lot of COVID noise. The supply chain is tight as it relates to managing through COVID and that has an impact on costs. And our focus -- our priority is keeping our employees safe and serving our customers. So that does add incremental cost to the system and that needs to be factored in when you think about incremental margins, incremental and detrimental margins. So …
Kevin Clark: Yes. Sure. Win rates on active safety for us are running at north of 70% on active safety. Also solutions as well as components we're developing our second generation ADAS platform. So the advancement of the satellite architecture program where you'll have further domain centralization, you'll have more compute more advanced perception systems, the ability to scale the number of radars that are used in the system and the ability to extract software from hardware. So in a position where we can provide the full platform, we can provide a portion of it, which could be anywhere between the perception system or the hardware, or just the software solutions, whether it's under the underlying Sensor Fusion, the underlying software or a portion of the features, all or some of the features. So it's providing our OEM customers -- in fact the target is with a lower cost solution with more flexibility for them as well as more flexibility for us.
Kevin Clark: So I'll start, Joe [indiscernible] specifics. I mean, we continue -- we've done a great job from a cash flow management standpoint this year. So obviously continued focus on increasing cash flow. Our priorities continue to be first organic investment in our business, whether that's high voltage, whether it's the Gen 2 ADAS platform that I talked about, advancing our perception system capabilities, certainly smart vehicle architecture. As we talked about back in June, we have a very deep funnel of M&A opportunities in and around the engineered component areas, both within automotive as well as outside of automotive, that certainly is a priority. I think as it relates to dividend and share repurchase, we'd like to let the dust settle a little bit more on COVID before we finalize a recommendation and bring it forward to the Board.
Kevin Clark: Yes, so cybersecurity, obviously given and I don't need to tell you this, Brian, just given connectivity in the vehicle in the various systems, cybersecurity is a bigger area of focus for OEM customers. To support our product development capabilities, we have -- I don't know, 25 or 30 cybersecurity engineers focused on product, focused on our product and focus on the integration of what we develop as well as what we integrate into our solutions from other providers. We've used cybersecurity, quite frankly, it's table stakes. We don't view that as a commercial business. So we tend to do work internally as well as use outside parties that -- more often that are directed by the OEM. So I hope that answers your question.
Kevin Clark: No, it's a capability we have. We don't view that really as a viable commercial business for a player like our self. We view it as a necessary requirement and it's included -- it's a part of the solutions we provide our customers.
Kevin Clark: Yes, again, I think it's important -- Joe highlighted this. We're dealing with round numbers $30 million of COVID related cost per quarter, right? And at the same time dealing with supply chain choppiness or disruptions related to Tier 2, Tier 3 electronics and components, suppliers who probably are dealing with labor availability challenges and other issues. And our focus is on making sure that we deliver for our customers. So that's something that -- as we deal with COVID, we're wrestling through.
Kevin Clark: Yes, we watch it. We're watching it closely, John. Obviously, it sounds like one administration would be more focused on clean energy here in the United States that could have an impact on our sales high voltage solutions. We feel like we're well positioned and could benefit from that. Obviously, a lot of the growth that we're experiencing is in Europe and China with those OEMs and under either [indiscernible] either a party where to win our view is you'll still have a certain amount of regionalization of the supply chain due to [indiscernible] on tariffs and trade.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Yes. So L2, L2 plus is today the fastest growing area from an ADAS standpoint. We've actually seen, I'd say a bit of a pause on L3, given cost and given the reset on volumes due to COVID. So I wouldn't say cancellations, but delay of programs with those OEMs who were allocating resources against it. But the fastest growing area from an ADAS standpoint, again, tends to be that L2 plus, L2 plus sort of area. Active safety helps OEM customers sell. When you watch advertising for vehicles today, now it tends to be about active safety solutions. Consumers are demanding it. OEM customers make money off of it. So it continues to be a major area of focus for OEM customers.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Yes, so we've won a number of driver monitoring programs as part of our active safety solution set. Obviously, it gets more advanced when you head to Level 3 solutions where you need to re-engage the driver and certainly even more enhanced when you think about L4, L5. But it's a product area we've been in for roughly 5 years and have a number of programs.
Kevin Clark: Yes, it's going extremely well. So our Gen 1 platform is launching this year. Gen 2 is on track to be launched in 2022 the integration, or the integration of the joint ventures are bringing together the [indiscernible] organization and former Aptiv organization is going extremely well. [Indiscernible] in office and so we're expanding our technology center in Singapore. We've moved into a new facility in Pittsburgh, a significant amount of hiring has taken place over the last 9 months. And most importantly from a technology development standpoint, everything is on track. We've -- after COVID hit, we stopped our Las Vegas pilot with Lyft, that's been restarted. We announced a partnership with [indiscernible] a city to be determined, but that will happen over the next 6 months or so, we'll pick a city and actually we'll be providing rides with them that are integrated into the public transit system in a particular city. And then continue to have commercial discussions with several different ride [indiscernible] healing companies and would expect to be able to announce something in the not too distant future. So all on track.
Kevin Clark: No. Thank you everyone for your time. We appreciate you participating in our phone call. Please stay safe.
Joe Massaro: Yes, Rod. It's Joe. That's a fair observation. And I would attribute that to a little bit of just some of the lumpiness we saw in the commercial side of the business over the course of the last couple of quarters, just -- it's similar to bookings, just when things got signed, when deals got done. So not a long-term change to our view that we're right around 2%, but did run a little bit hotter in the quarter just as a bit of a backlog of agreements got completed.
Joe Massaro: Yes. No, I got it, Adam. Thanks. Yes, listen, what we were able to do for the most part, the big pieces of austerity, the furloughs, the TLOs, obviously we brought those costs back in as we started to ramp, we really had to. Those were the vast majority of the sort of north of $100 million of that -- of those austerity measures. We do have things like travel and others, which you would expect at some point in 2021 to come back. But I would frame those types of costs more in that sort of $30 million to $40 million range. The other thing we're starting to see and Kevin's mentioned, I mentioned it, there are some inefficiencies, obviously just working with customer schedules, working with this environment in addition to the COVID costs. So we're working through those, but to Kevin's comment on engineering, those are -- our best estimates of those are in that margin outlook for Q4 and for next year. But at this point, I'd expect sort of the turn back on type costs in that $30 million to $40 million range.
Joe Massaro: Yes. It is [indiscernible] Adam. Part of it is just -- if you think of the nature of our high voltage portfolio it's so complimentary to the low voltage. So there's a lot of leverage of the existing infrastructure with an SPF.
Joe Massaro: I mean, we've historically set our product lines breakeven between $350 million to 500 million of revenue, which was the case with active safety and sort of get to segment margins by $750 million to $1 billion. Our high voltage portfolio basically was sort of at segment margins out of the gates. And as you know, as we marched towards sort of this $1 billion of volume by 2022 to 2023, we believe that becomes more accretive. So …
Joe Massaro: And it's, again, it's really just leveraging that very strong low voltage business, the same engineers, the same equipment, that type of thing.
Joe Massaro: Yes, it's again lower dollars. I'd call it flattish, Adam, this year. And part of that is because a good percent of that business is pre-production. So they're using the technology in the plants. So obviously the shutdown, the global shutdowns had a significant impact on that business. They just weren't using necessarily that tech, while they were shut down for that 8 to 9 weeks. So to Kevin's point it's sort of disproportionately impacted by the shutdowns versus vehicle production.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Joe, listen, I think you're -- it's that engineering investment, although we are starting to lap that to some extent. Remember, we started putting those costs in Q4 last year. It's really around COVID and it's around some of these launch costs. We're seeing a significant uptick in launches in the fourth quarter. We had sort of a bit of a trough here in Q3 of launches. You can kind of see that in the North American numbers and getting ready for sort of Q4 and Q1 launches next year. And then as I -- as both Kevin and I mentioned, these schedules are choppy. So there is some inefficiencies around the customer schedules, whether you want to call them customer schedule inefficiencies or COVID inefficiencies, they're sort of all intertwined at this point. But I would say we're doing a very good job of operating, but it's probably not as efficient as it was in a prior and call it a year ago outside of the strike. So you've got some of that dynamic as well. But again, pretty happy with where we are in terms of coming back to strong instrumentals and where the business is performing, giving the challenges we have.
Joe Massaro: Yes, Chris, we basically -- we're sticking to the methodology just to make sure we have sort of apples-for-apples over multiple years. So we use IHS basically when we strike the deal, and we don't adjust prior bookings. Kevin talked about sort of if you did look at the 2019 bookings, what the impact would be, but obviously we haven't sort of restated any bookings. So we use IHS at the time, it's an outside service. It's -- it allows us to make sure both internally and externally, we have some consistency and can sort of explain changes going forward and we've continued to do that.
Joe Massaro: No, listen, I think it's -- I would -- obviously, I don't want to get into too much detail. That was a sort of certainly a framework, not guide. But I'll go back to sort of my comments, we continue to be on the longer-term trajectories we talked about. Kevin mentioned the $2 billion of ASUX revenue getting to 2022. We did put additional investment into engineering this year in ASUX, but as I mentioned, we're starting to lap that -- some of that started to go in the back half of this year. So we haven't -- have not revised long-term margin expectations for that business. Again, I'm going to be hesitant to sort of provide specifics until we work through. And there's a lot going on to Kevin's point, some of those launches where we're staffed up are on the active safety side. So there's still a lot of moving pieces for 2021, but certainly comfortable with the framework we talked about.
Joe Massaro: Yes, Emmanuel, as I mentioned to Chris, we're not going to go into too much more detail on 2021. I think that frameworks, we've got a lot of work to do. I think that framework hopefully is helpful to folks. I do think as you look through incrementals in the back half of the year, I think those are certainly indicative to what we think the business is capable of doing. But again, I'm not going to get too much more specific on 2021. We've got lots of work to do to finalize those numbers.
Joe Massaro: No, no. I mean, listen, you got to work through when you really clear all of the collective COVID noise. But as we've said, a couple of times the longer -- we've seen nothing at this point other than the -- there's this short mid-term disruption, nothing that's changed our longer-term thinking about things like growth over market or the long-term profitability of the business.
Joe Massaro: Yes, and I'd agree with that, Brian. I think our -- again, like many things we've talked about, the long-term strategy remains intact that included a very deliberate capital allocation policy. We would expect at some point to get back to that, but it's really a matter of timing. And when we really feel comfortable, we've cleared the trees here from a broader COVID and impact perspective.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Those businesses continue to be -- again, relatively small. We finish the year with about 15% of non-auto non-light vehicle revenues, so commercial vehicle and industrial. Those businesses continue to perform well. They’re accretive to both the growth over market and the margin and we expect them to continue to be, there's a couple of areas within what I'll call some of that non-auto business around telecom, where we've seen really strong growth both through the addition of Gabocom, but also on an organic basis and well above market. The military business on the interconnect side continues to be very strong. We tend to be more heavily weighted towards Mil Aero versus commercial aerospace. So that's been helpful overall. But again, as you think about that engineered components business, Winchester, HellermannTyton continue to be accretive to growth rate and margin I would expect them to continue to be. So that's certainly where we've -- where we're focusing those investments both organically and inorganically.
Joe Massaro: Dan, it's Joe. Let me take that. So we certainly, as I mentioned, we sort of ended the austerity programs as people came back to and we needed people to come back to work. In Q3, we have started to look at the people side of things, think the overhead functions and such and have taken some incremental restructuring, that benefit will flow into the -- to the back half of the year, call that sort of a $45 million number sort of on a full year basis maybe a little bit more. Those plans are in place. And as I talked about in my prepared comments, Kevin's mentioned, I mean, really the -- what we're looking at now for 2021 is how best to balance some of those footprint decisions and take longer term. Do you take longer term restructuring actions versus where do you think you're going to need capacity. And for us that's a -- that's an effort over the next couple of months really based on where we see, very strong, continued outgrowth of that 6% to 8%, plus 10% vehicle production, how quickly do we get back to sort of where we were capacitized to pre-COVID. And I think, those actions will -- it will be directly related to how fast we view ourselves as getting back. So that's in process. But I think we did a good job in the first half of the year with the austerity where looking at opportunities for additional savings going into next year on the people side as appropriate. And then a longer term, what I'll call sort of infrastructure type decisions will really be based around where we see capacity. And I would just remember, and I’m -- I try not to be sensitive to this, but we didn't need COVID to tell us how to run our business more efficiently as Kevin mentioned. We really spent the last 3, 4 years very aggressively going at overhead costs and how to improve the overall profitability of that business and how to fund some of the initiatives. So I think we've done a really good job over the last few years. And that muscle is very well exercised in the company and will continue to apply it as needed.
