Joe Massaro: Well, Rod, it's Joe. I'll start. I mean I think we have gotten ahead of it, to be honest with you. I mean, our business equation is working, right? Performance is offsetting labor inflation and the pricing and the material inflation, you see in that $100 million. We've vetted out from a top line perspective, customer recoveries this year, which are obviously benefiting from a full year effect or effectively offsetting price downs on the top line. So I think our view, and Kevin can jump in. I think our view is that the team has done a great job of pushing direct material costs through. And we've started to get performance up, including working hard to get the supply chain disruption costs out of the P&L.
Joe Massaro: Certainly offsetting. Yes, we ended 2022 with about $330 million of supply chain disruption costs. We've taken that down to $180 million in the outlook. So we're still assuming $180 million of disruption costs. It continues to be a difficult operating environment for certain customers, and we're still seeing some disruptions, obviously, China in Q4, December, in particular, was heavily disrupted with COVID. So I think we continue to work through it. I think you're right. We had always talked about sort of four to six quarters. So we've got some to continue to work through, but feel like we've made a pretty big step here in 2023.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Well, the only thing and it's a nuance, but I think it's important, particularly as it relates to the magnitude of the costs, the price reduction we said was in part due. So it's not a direct correlation between sort of the increase in expenses and the amount of the reduction. So to Kevin's point, it gave us an opportunity to talk to the sellers about pricing we did, but the deal remains accretive in this year. And again, as we said in our press release, it's no changes in sort of the strategic outlook or our view on the long-term – long-term opportunities Wind River.
Joe Massaro: Yes. John, it's Joe. I'll just add. We've talked a lot about being north of a 30% growth rate in high voltage. 2023 is as well north of 30%, based on the customer schedules we're seeing today and, obviously, got additional opportunities as we add in the Intercable portfolio. So continue to see a very strong schedules today to extent the price actions, sort of increase the mix or increase the take rates on that technology, I think, we'll be very well positioned to take advantage of it.
Joe Massaro: And to date, John, those actions have happened in the last couple of weeks, we have not seen big schedule moves yet. Not saying they won't happen, but haven't seen material changes at this point.
Joe Massaro: Yes, Emmanuel, it's Joe. You're right. I mean we continue to deliver on the top line, and I think this speaks to sort of a little bit around Rod's question. It just continues to be a very disruptive environment, right? So we're working through China, $20-plus million of impacts at the very near end of the quarter from both customer shutdowns as well as just us. As Kevin mentioned, we had 90% of our staff of 30,000 people come down with COVID in the fourth quarter. So it was a very disruptive production environment. We saw some of that in the US as well, as customers wrestle through the supply chain challenges, and we still got a lot of the stop-start production. So that, combined with sort of the FX impact call that, I think you mentioned 20 basis points, call that about $40 million in the quarter. And, again, some of those disruptions fall heavily into ASUX. So I think to some extent, it's more than the same. I think what you saw us be able to do this year, which, to some extent, compounds the disruption cost perspective, we were able to come back, run over time, run the businesses hard and push the revenue out at the end of the day, or most of the revenue out at the end of the day. But it's just an inefficient operating environment. And that's as part of the guide, again, north of $300 million of disruption costs for 2022. We left about -- we certainly don't think it will be as bad next year, right? We're hoping for sequential improvement. We're seeing sequential improvement. But we did leave $180 million of COVID and disruption costs in the P&L for 2023, just to give ourselves some room to continue to deal with this.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I think that's a good question, and we've spent time looking at that. I think the way to think about it, we talked about originally 10% to 10.5%, and then with some of the FX, 9.5% to 10%. So we think about probably 10 as a good jumping off point. I think what you see with -- you can -- and I think we've sort of captured it, quite honestly, within the range of the guide, right? You can sort of -- if you look at some of the benefits of pricing, if you look at the reduction in the COVID supply chain cost, you can get up to sort of that, call that, that 10.7%, 10.8% level. You then work down some of the FX and some of the volume changes, which is really how we sort of think about that sort of mid-10s, that 10.5%. I think we're sort of there. I think 10 sort of ended at the right jumping off point, and we sort of built back from there. And I think we have it covered generally speaking, within the guide.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Let me start with bookings. I'll work my way down. As Kevin mentioned, we think -- it was in Kevin's presentation, we see line of sight to, call it, another $32 million -- $32 billion of bookings in 2023. I would say mix should be generally consistent with 2022. They always can be a little lumpy, but continue to expect growth in SVA and active safety, obviously, in high voltage. But I think that profile, the sort of the current profile is probably a pretty good proxy. Again, bookings are lumpy. They always have been. But that, I think, is probably the best proxy, and we did want to provide a target, obviously, for next year, which is something new, but we've got a lot of confidence in what we're seeing. From a segment perspective, if you want to talk sort of growth or growth over market, full year, I'd have ASUX at around 12% growth over market full year. SPS at about 8% growth over market full year. And then I'll give you -- I'm not going to go quarter-by-quarter, obviously, on the margin cadence. But if you think about sort of full year margins by segment -- and again, we got to work through the disruption costs and some of the FX we've talked about. But I would think about SPS in that 11% to 12% range, and ASUX in that 8% to 9% range, full year OI margin.
Joe Massaro: Yes. It's weighted towards our production. That basically means for us, Chris, high level, taking out Japan production basically and weighting it towards the markets where we're strong. We obviously don't do a lot on for Japanese OEs in Japan. So that -- and call that 20-plus million units, right, that we sort of weight away from that. And that's the same -- we've been calculating that the same way for -- since the IPO for 11 years now. Very consistent.
Joe Massaro: Yes, I would sort of characterize, David, the margin profile in that business overall is very strong. But high voltage, the adjacent market, particularly commercial vehicle accretive. But also, we're very strong. If you think about engineered components, right, sort of the connect the interconnect type business. That business just has traditionally a very strong margin profile and – and certainly scales well with volume and is accretive with additional volume. So it's really a -- it's a pretty balanced portfolio in that business.
Joe Massaro: Yes, sure. No, generally very consistent, James. I mentioned high voltage to John. We still continue to see that north of 30%. That's excluding Intercable. As you mentioned at the time of the deal, Intercable we're -- obviously, the M&A deals aren't in the organic growth numbers at this point. But Intercable in and of itself grows well above 30% per year, so consistent with our high voltage business. We're actually seeing some active safety acceleration growth this year. It had been in, call it, the low to mid-20s over the last couple of years. We're actually seeing that accelerate close to 30% in 2023. As we launched to Kevin's comments, just launched a number of new number of new full systems. So I think those -- we've talked in the past about what the CAGRs, the multiyear CAGRs for those product lines are sort of high 20% to 30% for active safety, north of 30% for high voltage. Those continues to – that continues to be the case. Infotainment, we've talked about it, user experience. We are going through a product transition there. We expect that business to grow, sort of, high single digits this year, as we move from legacy systems to these more robust integrated cockpit solutions. And eventually, we see infotainment being sort of up integrated into the SVA systems, which is what we're working on with our customers now. So -- but again, continue to grow above market, and it's an important part of the business. But, obviously, the higher growth coming from active safety, high voltage.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I wish I could give you the full -- the time line of recapture. We've had $180 million in. We finished last year at a little over $300 million. So that's what's coming down from. We're taking the $135 million down to the $180 million._
Joe Massaro: Yes. No, listen. Rod in his comment was correct, right? We said at the -- we think four to six quarters from the beginning of 2023; we're going down over the next four quarters, that $135 million, working hard to get them down. Again, its things like premium freight, its things like plant downtime that are either COVID or supply chain disruption related. We're seeing sequential improvement. I would expect to continue to see sequential improvement. But it's what you saw in the fourth quarter this year, right? There are things that pop up that make it an expensive operating environment.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Maybe if I can add on, I think it's a great question. I think one of the challenges when you talk about getting full ahead of it, you need to have better predictability of what you're getting ahead of. I think Joe's point on the fourth quarter of 2022 in December, specifically to give you an example, roughly 90% of our employee base in China was suffering for COVID. That's tough to predict. Yet at the same time, we were able to keep our factories running and keep our customers connected, which has been our ultimate objective, right? So operating in a less efficient way and being somewhat reactive in an environment where we can't always predict what's going to happen from a supply chain standpoint or COVID stand.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I think the net results for Wind River from a revenue growth standpoint, a margin standpoint, accretion dilution standpoint remain largely unchanged. We're not going to get into all the specifics, but operationally, there were some changes that we needed to make. And in light of that, we are in a position to renegotiate the transaction.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Adam, listen, as we've talked about in the past, when we provide our guidance and build our forecast, it's off customer schedules. And when you look at the nature of our business, especially our SPS business, we're on one in every 3, 3, 3.5 vehicles globally. So we get a very good view to the underlying market. We also, given the nature of our ASUX business get a very good view to what's going on from an overall semiconductor availability and supply chain standpoint. And I think when you look at the semiconductor challenges as they've evolved from 2021 to 2022, then 2022 to 2023, it's really much more focused on rather than a general supply constraint standpoint, specific suppliers who are causing constraints. And we expect that to continue into 2023. It certainly was the case in 2022. And those two factors are effectively, they're impacting our overall outlook for the full year, which again, as Joe said in the past, is based on the customer schedules that we received.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I think it depends on your baseline and what comparison you're trying to make, whether it's a full system solution, a platform solution or it's a unique to a perception system, as an example, a radar solution. Obviously, ADAS penetration has accelerated and continued to increase over the last several years. I haven't seen or we haven't done the math on the pursuit relative to win. I'd say, it's still relatively high on a platform basis. I would say we're very focused on investing our efforts in those areas where we have a high likelihood of winning. So based on that sort of approach to pursuing ADAS platforms, I would say, it would continue to be relatively high. I'm not sure if it's quite at 70%. But we still continue to have a very strong position. And again, it's reflected in our bookings in 2022, our outlook in bookings for 2023 and our revenue growth relative to market. And I mentioned in my comments, the next-gen Gen 6 ADAS platform, which we'll launch in 2025 will be available for SOPs in 2025. We've already had one customer award. It's an open system. It provides -- it's modularized. It provides a lot of flexibility for ourselves, as well as for our OEM customers. And importantly, it's very cost effective. So we believe we're going to continue to see significant demand.
Kevin Clark: Well, listen, we've been talking about high-voltage electrification and what we've been doing from a portfolio standpoint, bookings continue to be strong, right? Obviously, we had another year of record bookings, and it wouldn't surprise us if we had 2023 even stronger bookings from a high-voltage electrification standpoint. So, we'll see, we're optimistic. Having said that, as we've said in the past, we're very, very focused on pursuing opportunities with those OEMs who have battery electric vehicle platforms that they're taking globally, that we have a high confidence level that they're going to meet their schedules and effectively generate significant revenues over a platform, which ends up a better financial proposition for ourselves and obviously, lower risk.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I think as you heard me say and Joe say in the past, our forecast is based on customer schedules. So to the extent those schedules go up, we'll benefit from a revenue standpoint, but when we pursue business, when we put initial capacity into the ground, obviously, there's some flexibility, it's based on what we see from a customer standpoint, customer schedule standpoint. And again, so if we see a big uptick in demand for players like Tesla and others, our volume will scale with them.
Kevin Clark: John, as you said, they're always tough. It's an industry with a tough pricing environment all the time. So those conversations are -- they're never easy. And what we've done in the past and what we are really focused on continuing to do is to bring value to our customers, one by keeping them connected; and then two, providing them with solutions that solve their toughest challenges that are cost-effective solutions. And to the extent you're able to do both of those, I would say those conversations are less difficult, but they're never not difficult. And our outlook -- the team did a great job. Joe mentioned, the team did an outstanding job in 2022, both having those discussions and negotiating those – those price increases and at the same time, delivering record bookings. And that's a process we'll continue to go through in 2023.
Kevin Clark: Listen, I think if the disruptions and the significant material inflation that's over the last couple of years goes away, we definitely get back to what our historical margin trajectory was. And then when you overlay what we've done from a portfolio standpoint, and where we sit, whether that's mix of more high-voltage electrification, more advanced ADAS solutions, the benefits of Wind River and Intercable actually have the ability to go above that. So it's a combination of both.
Kevin Clark: Sure. So in reality, going back, we signed a commercial agreement with Wind River over a year ago well and over a year ago. And in reality, our teams have been working closely together, both in terms of developing the final product for automotive applications as well as in commercial discussions. I'd say the traction we've hit over the last quarter or so has hit a significant level at this point in time. So a number of introductions across the various regions. I think as I mentioned in my prepared comments, there's a deep level of engagement with several OEMs in every region at this point in time. And we're very optimistic, and I'm very confident that you'll see meaningful announcements in 2023 with respect to Wind River's penetration of the automotive space.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Chris, just to be clear, our ADAS business, I put into kind of two buckets. One bucket is a platform solution, which to-date has traditionally been with the Mobileye vision solution. Then there's another bucket where our perception system -- perception systems are integrated into an ADAS solution. And in those particular cases, it could be a variety of vision providers and in fact, actually is. So it's a real mix. The Gen 6 ADAS platform is a platform that we've developed -- first, we've developed to be vision agnostic. So OEMs have the ability to select what vision provider they would like to utilize for the overall platform.
Kevin Clark: No, I would say, it's probably a little bit closer to 50-50. I'd say, it's 50-50. If you go back four years ago, we had roughly 14 ADAS customers. Today, we have 21 ADAS customers, and that's a mix of growth in that platform solution, as well as providing a portion of the overall ADAS solution to OEMs.
Kevin Clark: Yes. David, that's a great question. I'd say with respect to the level of bookings we were awarded in 2022, we've been put in the position to have discussions about no price increases and in some situations, that's been effective. I'd say we're not at a point though where we're actually seeing year-over-year productivity or lower price increases from the semiconductor players. We'll see how that plays out as based on volume outlook for automotive and the other places that those players play. But at this point in time, we're not seeing it, and it's not in our numbers.
Kevin Clark: Yes, I think it's important to note, setting aside fourth quarter COVID, when you think about car and inputs to a car, supply chain disruption can start with just a shortage of one part. And the issues related to excess labor, premium shipments, manufacturing, loss of manufacturing productivity. And that's all it takes. And there's a ripple effect and those dollars, obviously, are those inefficiencies and costs obviously add up. So, although it does, to Joe's point, overall, the supply chain situation is improving. There are still continue to be some unique situations that were outstanding or occurred in 2022 that are going to continue in 2023, with specific semiconductor suppliers. And then periodically, there are surprises that affect the industry, the players like ourselves need to react to. And our real focus has been, how do we make sure we keep our customers connected. So we've consciously made the decision to absorb a portion of that cost near term, go back to the customer for relief once we've addressed the issue, and we've kept them connected. And we think that's translated into the -- quite frankly, the bookings that we've had in 2022, we expect to have in 2023. And, quite frankly, their posture on price recovers. So it's tough to predict.
Kevin Clark: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everybody, for your participation today. Take care, and we'll see you on the 14.
