Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'll wrap up on Slide 16 before opening up the line for questions. As I mentioned, 2023 is off to a great start with customer market and supply chain tailwinds all contributing to our strong first quarter performance. Customer engagements for Aptiv's SVA solutions and Wind River software offerings are incredibly strong as we continue to deliver value by providing optimized full system solutions with increased performance at lower cost. As expected, we've seen sequential improvements in the supply of constrained parts resulting in fewer production disruptions. And we continue to optimize our cost structure to improve our operational resiliency. That being said, we remain laser-focused on mitigating the impact of persistent macro challenges, including ongoing material and labor inflation, as well as the periodic supply chain disruptions. In summary, we're experiencing tremendous commercial momentum and we've never been more confident in our ability to execute our strategy, deliver on our commitments and maintain our track record of outperformance, all of which will drive sustainable value creation for our shareholders. Operator, let's now open up the line for questions.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Maybe I'll take that, Chris. I think just given the nature of – the strategic nature of those SVA programs, the bulk of that activity has been proceeded with advanced development programs. So there's very clear line of sight as it relates to investment required in timing of that investment, and that's obviously incorporated into the outlook for the - for this year as well as beyond 2023.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Well, I think your first question, listen, we haven't - to the extent you see cost of those - prices on those electric vehicles decline, you should see the opportunity for more pull through, more sales, more retail demand. I'd say, near term, we haven't seen much of a change. But having said that, Joe walked you through the numbers. I talked about the bookings. We see a tremendous amount of demand for vehicle electrification that we obviously benefit from. As it relates to SVA, both the hardware solution as well as the software solution really, it's an effort from an OEM standpoint to enable ongoing revenue opportunities. And I'm not sure any of them have, John, concluded that upfront profit on the vehicle will be less. I think the real focus is on how do we drive efficiency as it relates to designing, engineering, manufacturing and ultimately delivering a vehicle. And then how can they, on an ongoing basis, either address issues that minimize warranty costs as well as to provide revenue - ongoing revenue opportunities with enhanced ADAS solutions, enhanced user experience opportunities, opportunities on the battery as it relates to increasing battery life or range. So it's really that endgame that's really driving the demand. And I think given what the industry has gone through over the last couple of years as it relates to heading towards software-defined vehicles, given the challenge associated with that, I think there's been a lot of learnings. And I think as a result, we've been involved in a lot of discussions, which has generated a lot of demand for what we offer, both from a hardware standpoint as well as Wind River software solution.
Kevin Clark: Yes. No, it's - I don't have a specific number other than saying it's big. To the extent we have a - we have solutions that enable life cycle management, that enable to constant upgrade and enhancement of certain solutions. Obviously, that increases the size of the markets that we operate in today based on the way we look at them, whether that's ADAS, whether it's battery management systems, whether it's user experience. So to the extent we're creating revenue opportunities for our customers, the size of the market increases and there's an opportunity for us to benefit in that increased market.
Kevin Clark: Yes, I think, Rod, just to add to that, I think in light of - or assuming rates stay where they are effectively as you fall out into the balance of the year. Sequentially, it should be less of a headwind across our business. So it should be a net positive there. Listen, as it relates to our exposure to - you referred to them, some of the growth or OEMs, we've made tremendous progress with players like Tesla. As you all know, we've grown with them across models, across regions. I referenced, Geely, in the L2+ ADAS program that we were awarded that will initially focus on the China market but is intended to be used on vehicles that will be exported outside of China as well. So that is certainly an opportunity. As you look at the major local OEMs in China based on our discussions, they are clearly focused on how do they begin to export vehicles outside of China. I think their general view is they have technologies and they have quality, which is at a level where they can meet kind of consumer standards outside of the China market and provide themselves with additional opportunities for growth. So it certainly is an opportunity. I'm not quite sure how large it is for us at this point in time. But given the progress we've seen in the locals make over the last 3 years, which has been significant, I think, would be a fairly good opportunity.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Our high-voltage margins mixed out, and if you were to focus on North America and Europe are slightly higher than our overall SPS margins at this point in time. If you think about it, it's engineered components from our connection business, cable management solutions from HellermannTyton, as well as bus parts from Intercable and wire harnesses. So it mixed out, it's slightly higher than our SPS margins. Our two biggest markets from a revenue standpoint today are Europe and China, then followed by North America, I believe, from a revenue standpoint, although they're all relatively close. It's relatively balanced. So I don't know, maybe Joe can take a shot at it...
Kevin Clark: Yes. BYD or Geely were to grow outside of the China market in a disproportionate way, what impact does that have on margins? Just want to make sure I fully understand. It would be positive.
Kevin Clark: Maybe I'll take the first. Joe, the second, if that's okay? Listen, as Joe has always I think said, bookings are lumpy. And I think when you - especially when you factor in some of these Smart Vehicle Architecture programs with OEMs, they are significant programs that go across all vehicle lines over a number of years. So when we're awarded that business, I think you're going to see a disproportionate impact on bookings. Having said that, when you look at the underlying trend about domain consolidation and integration, I think it's fair to expect, Itay, that the amount of our bookings actually go up naturally, just given the nature of the products that we're selling. Hard for me right now to give you an exact dollar amount, but we would expect that trend to continue. We'd say we have a high level of confidence in the $32 billion of bookings that we've communicated for this year. Is there an opportunity to beat that? Yes, there is. But we'll see how the timing as it relates to program awards.
Kevin Clark: That's actually a perfect environment for us. We benefit from that. So when you think about a full system solution, our ability to integrate and our ability to optimize that integration, the result of that sort of situation and the result of customers thinking that way is we tend to get more content. We tend to get more of our own content, which not only translates to higher revenues, it translates into higher margins. And a great example, I think we've talked about this in the past, we've had a couple of OEMs come to us and asked us to take a look at their vehicle architecture, kind of soup to nuts, both low voltage as well as high-voltage and come up with ideas where we can reduce weight, mass and costs. And there have been a number of situations where we've been able to reduce overall cost by 20% to 30%. And we're able to do that, saving the customer money, while at the same time, enhancing our profitability. So those are situations that are really good for us. And as we evolve into the challenges that our customers are having with software, which we've talked about previously, in terms of that debate about in-sourcing versus outsourcing and the fact that we're seeing - we're having more of our customers come to us to provide solutions. When you think about Wind River, when you think about Wind River Studio, when you think about what we're doing with the overall software stack, those are all things intended to drive flexibility and reduce cost. And we fully understand that we need to enable our customers to achieve their objectives. And a big piece of that is delivering technology at lower cost. So to be candid with you, it might sound a little crazy, but that's the sort of environment that we're actually looking for, and we think we really prosper in.
Kevin Clark: Yes. No, our outlook as it relates to China market, our customer base hasn't changed since the beginning of this year when we gave guidance. So we would - we, at least, don't see any significant changes.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I think it's the latter, Chris. I mean schedules were in line with what we expected for the most part in Q1. As I said, in North America, we did have a couple of OEs that get impacted by supply chain constraints not related to us. So we weren't the constraint, but we were obviously impacted. They didn't build as many vehicles as they thought. But again, overall, I'd say in line. And I think, yes, generally speaking, an in-line quarter, we continue to be tied out to customer schedules in Q2. Understand there's some optimism out there in the back half of the year. But our view is, you know, it's a little early at this point in early May to call that. But I would say Q1 as a positive in terms of both what we saw our customers do and how the business performed, and we'd expect that to continue into Q2.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I would say Europe has progressively gotten, I would say, from a customer perspective and what we're seeing on the ground, sentiment has been improving since the late fall of last year. I think that continues again, a little - for us, a little too early to put it into the numbers, and we have to really see it in customer schedules as we get detailed production schedules for the back half of the year. But sentiment has been improving since what I'll call that low in sort of September, October last year, in our view.
Joe Massaro: Yes. It was a slight benefit, Rod, but it's - net price and commodities basically are netting out to what I'd call sort of a slight benefit on the top line. I think to your point, the slight benefit on the top line, they're actually a slight negative on the bottom line so - from an OI perspective. So again, that's what drove - if you really think about, and it was in the prepared comments, the 100 basis point margin impact of FX is in part driven by top line going one way, OI going the other way on the commodity side of things. So I think there's a little bit of mix there. But I think the big piece is, if you look at it, FX - particularly on the RMB and the Mexico peso, total FX impact was about $65 million in the quarter. So as you think about incremental revenue flowing strongly, I mean that - at least in our view, that sort of came out sort of in total where we were expecting. But the incremental volume or the bulk flow-through on any additional volume really got taken up by the FX impact, particularly peso for us, which isn't usually an impact, but it was particularly strong. It strengthened a lot this quarter. A lot of folks don't expect that to continue, but that was certainly a meaningful number in the quarter.
Joe Massaro: It's growing. If you go back to 2019, Rod, that number, we were 75% global, 25% local. And from a revenue perspective, today, we sit at about 60-40, global, local. And bookings are about 50-50.
Joe Massaro: Yes. North America is about 29% or expected to be about 29% of high-voltage volume, Adam, in the year. You'd call that, to Kevin's point, North America slightly above SPS segment margins on a high-voltage basis.
Joe Massaro: Itay, thanks. I appreciate that question. We have talked about this a lot in the first quarter. I think with one exception, which I'll come to, I think you just think through quarterly cadence of margin, we should be returning to what I'll call sort of that 2018, 2019, our historical cadence, right, of just sort of the natural flow that's in the business. So Q1 will be weaker, will build up over the year. Q4 will be a stronger year and will average to the full year margin. That's historically how the business behaved through 2020. And we - and I realize we're not giving quarterly guidance, but that's how we've talked about margins building up through the year. So I think just on reference point, you can sort of go back to those years, 2019, you've got to watch out a little bit for the strike. But the flow is basically there. I think the one caveat this year that we're obviously managing closely, but it's just a little bit of an unknown still is the supply chain disruption costs and how those hit on a quarterly basis. As we talked about it in February, we have $180 million in the guide, full year COVID supply chain disruption costs. We believe those are probably more weighted to the first half of the year as they roll out in the second half just given the sequential improvement. And those costs were, round number, is $50 million in Q1, which is a $30 million improvement year-over-year. So you got to make an assumption of how the 180 rolled out. But apart from that, I'd sort of go back to how the business would flow sort of pre-2020. And I think we're getting - may not be perfectly on that, but I think that's a good proxy, if that's helpful.
Joe Massaro: Yes. There's - listen, I think it's a combination, right? There's the natural flow in the business. Q4 is much heavier for ASUX. You get those engineering credits. That's unrelated to COVID, unrelated supply chain disruption. That's my earlier comment on how the business flows. I do think it'd be low double digits in Q4. I think that's a reasonable proxy. So you have the sequential improvement, you have the normal flow of the business and then you're going to have volume growth. That business is going to grow throughout the year. We've got some strong launches coming in, in the second and third quarter.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I mean those are in, right? You got a lot of - remember, we did a lot of it last year. There was obviously some to take care of this quarter. But a lot of it last year and then that rolled in a piece price in the beginning this year. So yes, I would say visibility there is good. We've got confidence there, and it's in the guide.
Joe Massaro: Yes, launches will strengthen throughout the year, but the 6 points, I think, is more of the sort of the abnormal number there, right? We just - and this happened in Q2 or Q3 last year, too. We just had a couple of customers, particularly in North America, they we're launching, they were accelerating ramp. Those ramps slowed just given some supply chain constraints. So we're - just relative to market, they weren't as strong. So those problems are clearing up. They're getting better in this quarter. So we - it's more of a returning to the framework then something needs to happen to get us to the framework. And we've always said, and I appreciate it's - I appreciate it's a long term guide, and we've historically been well within it, but it's always going to be a little lumpy, right? It's historically been lumpier to the high side with launches, but this is more a specific thing to Q1 than a longer term concern.
Joe Massaro: Yes, there's enough - I think if they can make it up, that's going to depend on the other suppliers being able to get the parts. I think the supply is at least returned to where they can hit schedule, so we'll be back. We'll see how much they can make up.
Joe Massaro: Yes. The net price benefit is really going to be first half. If you think about when that kicked in last year was really not July or August time frame, a little bit in June. So we're sort of seeing that now. That will continue into Q2. And then really when you get to - we've started to see the material manufacturing performance improvement, right? We talked about that needing to offset labor costs and it did offset a little to the positive side actually. So that's going to continue. And then you see volume build through the back half of the year, then I think you have that normal cadence of a strong Q4 as well around engineering credits and those types of things. So - but the net price, the customer recoveries are really a first half just given the timing of those last year when they started to kick in.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Listen, I think it sort of goes back - Mark, it goes back to Chris' first comments, right? We - Q1 is off to - it was a good start. I think we're very happy with delivery. Obviously the FX, and as I mentioned, North America. But on balance, it's a quarter that was very much in line with our expectations we feel good about. And we expect Q2 to be the same, and then I think we reassess where we are for the year. I think on the margin side, as I said, there's - we're starting to get back to what feels like to Kevin and I sort of the normal cadence and flow of the business historically with the exception of the 180 million, just when do these disruption costs hit. Ideally, those go away much faster. We saw good improvement in Q1, $80 million in 2022, down to $50 million this year. And again, I think we see how Q2 plays out, and we'll have a better sense of where we are in disruption costs so we continue to see sequential improvement. And then can look at what customers actually do in their detailed production schedules for the back half of the year.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Yes. So both, as I mentioned, both acquisitions performed in line with expectations. Acquisitions are accretive to the margin for total Aptiv [ph] margin. So it's positive on both the revenue and the OI. My comment around Wind River, just trying to set some expectations ahead of time. It's not necessarily on telecom weakness or any particular weakness in the market. Relative to - that - it's a very important business, but it's a relatively small revenue stream, right? It's about - there'll be over $0.5 billion this year, up from a little less than 450 last year. They tend to have some big deals come in on a quarterly basis. So it's more of a cadence within that business. It's always existed of timing of when some of the larger revenue opportunities get signed up. And much like our bookings, it's not necessarily a straight line quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. That's all I was cautioning about. So I think full year, they have a very good sense and have historically a very good track record. Quarterly, as a private company, they hadn't historically been managing the business quarterly, if you will, and some of those contracts to be a little lumpy. And I just - we wanted to caution that before the lumpiness appeared versus after. If that makes sense.
Joe Massaro: Let's be clear, though, right? We've let the rates in place for guidance. The impact we're talking about is the year-over-year FX, Q1 2022 versus Q1 '23, that's the $65 million. So it's where rates end up at the end of the quarter. So that specifically, that transaction loss, particularly in Mexico and the peso and the RMB is a year-over-year number. And again, our assumptions are there. We haven't changed since the beginning of the year. We've seen some volatility in those FX markets. And again, I think as we get to the midyear, we'll assess macros, vehicle production, FX, commodity prices and look ahead to the next 6 months and see what we think. But the impact is really year-over-year versus - we didn't have a guide out there. So it's really the year-over-year impact I was talking about.
