Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'll wrap up on slide 15 before we open up for questions. Our commercial momentum is stronger than ever as we're able to leverage our unique brain and nervous system portfolio of advanced technologies to accelerate our customers' path to the fully electrified software defined vehicle of the future.  We continue to closely monitor the current macros, including supply chain disruptions and material inflation, as well as the more recent war in Ukraine and lockdowns in China. Our team is doing an excellent job executing in this challenging environment, keeping our customers' production lines connected, while at the same time implementing initiatives to optimize our cost structure to help offset the macro headwinds, all while we continue to invest in the development of advanced technologies, which we're confident will further enhance our competitive position and increase the resiliency of our business model.  Thanks again for your time. And let's open up the line for Q&A.
Kevin Clark: You covered it. I guess the only thing I'd add to Joe's point is there's a proportion of – when you look at that performance, inflation, there's a portion of the supply chain disruption, the COVID costs that, as things loosen up a bit, would normally fall away. To Joe's point, the more challenging areas in and around material inflation, and that's an area where we have a high level of confidence based on our competitive position and our capabilities to be able to offset, whether that be through negotiations or through product redesign efforts.
Kevin Clark: It sounds like there's two parts to your question. So, as you look at where we are from a funnel standpoint, new business opportunities standpoint, we did attribute it to a couple of factors.  One, when you think about our product portfolio and what we refer to as a brain and nervous system of the vehicle, the industry is aligned and virtually all OEMs out there are rethinking vehicle architecture and are on a path towards a software defined vehicle. So, we're seeing an acceleration of that trend that given the nature of our product portfolio, we're benefiting from. In addition to that, you're seeing the acceleration of battery electric vehicles, which, again, given our vehicle architecture capabilities and some of the other product areas that we're working on, that we're seeing significant benefit from. So, the commercial momentum in the traditional portions of our business is stronger than it's ever been.  And then, you overlay on top of it, a kind of second and third generation of advanced ADAS solutions, in-cabin sensing solutions, user experience solutions that are more dependent on software capabilities, which inherently we have based on our legacy business, and then you overlay the incremental capabilities that Wind River has and that they'll ultimately bring when they're a part of Aptiv, there really isn't anyone out there with the same sort of competitive position.  And as we've talked about from a software standpoint, all of our customers are challenged by the level of software that's going into the vehicle, all of them are looking for help. And again, we feel like given our capabilities and the nature of our product portfolio, we're perfectly positioned to benefit from that trend.
Kevin Clark: Chris, maybe I'll add just taking a step back on Joe's comments. If I can just make one comment. So, we managed to COVID in 2020 and supply chain challenges in 2021 and Q1 of 2022. And at the same time, continued to advance our strength in our product portfolio. And all of that activity benefited our customers because we kept them connected and, quite frankly, our growth over market benefited our supply base. Right? And all of that as it relates to Aptiv has created a tremendous amount of commercial momentum, which is in our bookings and our growth over market.  And to Joe's point, as you think about it, we have some structural initiatives underway where we're, quite frankly, reengineering out alternatives and bringing in lower cost alternatives. We're also leveraging the significant volume we have with the existing supply base. We're selectively pursuing this. Just given the strength of the funnel that's in front of us, we can be very selective about the business we pursue. And we're really focused on those customers where we have a much more strategic relationship with. And it's not a tactical relationship where we're fighting day to day about price. And all that is translated into significant improvement as we roll out through the balance of the year. Now, we run into particular periods where, like Q1, to keep customers connected, maybe broker buys were higher than what we would like, but as we look at the balance of the year and how we sit from a supply chain standpoint, we think even those sorts of disruptions are reasonably manageable. 
Kevin Clark: Yeah, Mark, I'm sorry. You were a little bit faint from a question standpoint. I think you were asking about structurally how we see a path back to more normalized margins.
Kevin Clark: To the point that Joe made earlier when he walked through the several – they're all permanent structural initiatives that that translate into either reduced cost from a permanent standpoint. And that could be done through price negotiations with suppliers, or engineering and lower cost solutions, which requires work between our engineering and sourcing organization, or it's price discussions, commercial recovery discussions with our customers, all of which would be permanent and structural in nature.
Kevin Clark: It really varies by the nature of the product. There are some situations, although rare, where it's a fairly easy switch with a minimal amount of validation. Given the nature of where we play, when you think about user experience, when you think about high voltage electrification, advanced ADAS solutions, the bulk of what we do require some element of reengineering and validation activities that take place at Aptiv as well as with our customer. Those can range anywhere between six months to a year plus. These have been initiatives that have been underway for – really since kind of early to mid-2021. So, we're well underway. It's close to 100 engineers today who are solely focused on that hardware redesign as well as to the extent software needs to be changed. As you said, software redesign initiatives, I think we had a little over 100 programs underway. 50, as I mentioned, in my prepared comments that have already been implemented, and then another 50, which will be completed and implemented through the balance of the year.  So, most of it requires investment from an engineering standpoint and some element of time, but it's something that's been underway for a fairly lengthy period of time.
Kevin Clark: Let's start with how we work with Wind River. So, as we mentioned when we announced the transaction, our first step with Wind River was really reaching a commercial arrangement where we were partnering on the development of middleware and a software tool chain. And today, we operate under the terms of that commercial agreement. So, we jointly go to customers, discussing what we're developing and the capabilities that Aptiv brings, as well as the capabilities that Wind River brings. So, those commercial engagements have been extensive, with a very high level of interest.  I would say separate from that, given our capabilities on ADAS and user experience in the traditional areas of software, kind of feature development, software building blocks, where we have a legacy or history, there are separate discussions going on there as well. whether it's an OEM that we're also talking to about middleware and what we're doing with Wind River or we're not. There's increasing need for support as it relates to their software activities. As we talk about, Joe, it's, it's a meaningful opportunity. A bulk of the industry is really struggling with it. And we feel like we're very well positioned to assist in the transition to the software defined vehicle. 
Kevin Clark: Just to be clear, our focus is on both reducing the cost of the input. So, there's a lot of activity – with the supply base, there's a lot of focus on how do we continue to reduce our own cost structure as well, and then there are discussions with the OEM about price increases, especially in those areas where we're seeing a tremendous amount of price inflation. And semiconductor is a great area. Those discussions tend to take place at, to your point, the most senior levels within the OEM.  I'd say we've had actually a fair amount of success in those discussions, especially with those OEMs, where we have a more strategic long term focused relationship. And the nature of what we do, whether it's battery electric vehicles, whether it's ADAS systems or solutions, those tend to be programs or initiatives that are much more long term in nature and require alignment between supplier and customer. And I'd say we're having more success with those particular customers or in those relationships.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, absolutely. And those are some of the initiatives that we're working on now. We don't have any in play or in place at this point in time. But that is a part of our whole SVA strategy and our whole software strategy.
Kevin Clark: I mentioned in my comments areas where we're investing. So, a number of customers, given our history and given our capabilities in software and even in high voltage electrification, have come to us with interest in the power electronics and battery management system space. And that's an area where we've built out teams or actually in the process of working with OEM customers in developing those products solution. So it's an incremental opportunity for us today, and we'd hope by the end of this year have more commercial activity to be discussing on calls like this. So that's something that's been underway for, like, frankly, the last couple of years.
Kevin Clark: Itay, to your question about those initiatives, it varies. Right? Some are longer term, as I mentioned, and more complex. Some are shorter term and less complex. When you think about savings, you think about the offset to material inflation that we're seeing – that we saw late last year and this year, plus the benefit of incremental volume in the out years. So, it's meaningful savings as the volume rolls out and the products replaced.
Kevin Clark: Maybe let's break it down. So, we have a facility in Russia. Russia is not operating at this point in time, at least if you believe customers schedule, their production picking up some time late this quarter. That's something that we'll watch closely.  When you think of Ukraine, we've talked about this. Or you look at Ukraine, we talked about in the past, we have four manufacturing facilities. Two of those facilities, production has been fully moved, again, paid for by the customer. Up and running, whether it be in North Africa, Poland, or Serbia, in existing footprint. So, supporting Western European OEMs.  We have two facilities in the very western part of the Ukraine that are operating at this point in time at very low production levels. But there's some production going on supporting a one Western European OEM. A few OEMs have come to us asking us to pick up volume or pick up programs from other suppliers who weren't able to move as quickly as we were able to move. Just given where we were, just given economics, those weren't situations we pursued. And my guess is, things continue to evolve, we'll have ongoing discussions with those OEMs whether or not it makes sense for us to take over that business. But it has presented some potential incremental revenue opportunities.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. There's been a revenue and OI impact in the grand scheme of things. I wouldn't call it out separately if we're in a situation where you have long term China lockdowns and challenges in Ukraine and Russia could be a bigger number, but at this point in time, I wouldn't get into specifics. We've managed through it. We started already moving production before conflict or war actually started. So, we got ahead of it. As I said, we had a couple OEMs who were very focused on it. And we partnered with them, we had existing space, we're able to move production pretty easily, and they supported us from a cost and logistics standpoint in actually doing that.
Kevin Clark: Well, I think Joe said it. It is a pressure near term, depending on the length of the lockdowns. I'd say at this point in time, all of our facilities are up and operating. Our engineered components facilities at a higher capacity utilization levels. We have several facilities that never shutdown. We have a few in the Shanghai area from a wire harness standpoint that actually did. Those wire harness facilities are now, on average, operating at a 50% to 60% capacity utilization level. So, there is an element of production that's actually taking place.  The question is, how long does the situation stay as it is and we don't see ramp up in production or does the situation deteriorate? And we're just watching that very closely.
Joseph Massaro: That's total, in the quarter, call it, right around $80 million for the entire business on a year-over-year basis. So, that's the increase. Just the way the price increases started to come in, over the course of last year, we really didn't see price increases in Q1. Those tended to start at the end of Q2 and then build through the balance of the year, right? So, the year-over-year is going to be higher in Q1, just given that we – in the Q1 of last year, it's more of a constraint issue than it was constraints and inflation that we saw in the back half year.  As you can see, we're obviously doing a lot on a net basis to offset those costs. We talked about the original guide, there being about $200 million, a little over – $205 million of net inflation that had sort of fallen through to the bottom of the guide that we were working to offset. Round numbers, that is still really what we're dealing with. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we have had some price increases flow through during the current period. But we've also been able to do a lot on the pricing side. So, at the moment, we're still really dealing with that net number, which was some of the longer term product redesign, chip swap out type initiatives that we needed to do so. Again, I think as Kevin mentioned in his comments, the team across the board, the sourcing, engineering team, the business team is doing a really good job of holding the line at this point.
Joseph Massaro: It's exactly what we've been saying really for the past two or three quarters now. There's nothing's changed. There's obviously commercial discussions with our customers around recoveries and price, which you've seen us execute on in Q1. Continual pushback on the supply base, just around the reasonableness of the overall cost increases and the availability of parts. That is now, I would say, moving in, as I just mentioned, to a redesign effort where if we can't get to reasonable economics with a supplier, we are looking at how to swap them out or at least introduce competition into that sourcing. And I think there's a number of – even in semiconductors, a number of what I'll call newer market entrants across the world that are going to provide some opportunity for that, and we're actively pursuing that on all fronts.  And then, part of it – and again, we've had this muscle in the company for the last – as you know, for the past five or six years. We're maniacal on the cost structure. And we're, again, continuing to look at the cost structure and find ways – if we can't directly mitigate the cost increases, find other ways through manufacturing or SG&A performance to help offset them. So, I don't think those levers have changed really over the past three or four quarters. 
Joseph Massaro: It's going to evolve. As I said in my earlier comments, it's over the next couple of years as it relates to material inflation, right? It's not going to go away tomorrow. But I do think, at least on the material inflation side, the COVID and supply chain disruption costs, as we talked about, those should abate as things normalize, so that'll be helpful to margin. I quantify that at about $250 million. We've bumped that up a little bit from the original, just given some of the disruption in Q2 in China, but still within a manageable number. And it's non-structural, these types of sort of transaction costs that occur when you have to close plants quickly and such.  So, as those costs abate, and I think and – when you take a step, and this is why we get a lot of questions on that slide 14 in the deck and why we wanted to put the numbers out there, I think when you have an appreciation for the fact that our original 2022 estimate was at 98 million units of production and we're now operating at 83 million, round numbers, as we start to work our way back there, structurally, the business, I think, has sped up very well from a footprint perspective, from a workforce cost perspective to drive incrementals as volumes go up. You never want to be a business that's completely relying, obviously, on volumes to expand margins, but it's going to be a positive tailwind over the next couple of years as we start to get back into the 90s on vehicle production.
Joseph Massaro: Chris, it's Joe. I'll start and then Kevin can obviously add. Listen, I think you're right. Order of magnitude, we'd agree with you. It's not a change from where we saw the year to be honest with you in February. Obviously, didn't know about the war in the Ukraine and China COVID. But it was tilted to that.  Some of it is comps. If you recall, just the back half of last year, August, September, October, COVID in Malaysia, those were the low points from a volume perspective. They were the high points from a cost disruption perspective. We had our EDS plants closed, the wire harness plants were closed for days at a time, week after week after week. So, we're picking up that benefit. We're not assuming that's recurring. And in addition to that, you've got building volume growth as we go through, building volumes as we start to go through some of the launches, particularly around things like user experience and there's some high voltage launches in the back half of the year.  And our price recovery, just the way that negotiations have worked with customers over the past three or four months, tend to be somewhat back-end loaded, in that they start to pick up with the volume on the back half of the year.  So, not a surprise to us within – and appreciate, we didn't give quarterly guidance, it was harder for folks to see. But that tilt was there in the existing guide. Now, we've got a little bit more pressure on it, if you assume a rough Q2 in China, which we are. But that market has demonstrated several times now its ability to rebound quickly. And from everything we're seeing at the moment on the ground over there, that's what we're assuming.
Joseph Massaro: Yeah. Both do, Chris. ASUX is a little bit more challenged, obviously, just given – that is where a lot of the semiconductor spend is, right? So, round numbers, when I give an inflation number, I mentioned that $80 million to Emmanuel, two-thirds of that plus is hitting ASUX. And what does hit in SPS, some of that is copper timing, right, because we're indexed on the metals by there. So, would expect ASUX to finish the year, call it, back to mid-single digits. So, just like it's bearing the cost of a lot of that semiconductor pain at the moment, it's going to receive the benefits of the commercial recoveries in price. So, we are targeting mid-single-digit for the full year in ASUX. So, obviously, that would put us closer to high-single digits in the back half. SPS has a bit more of a straighter trajectory. It's low double digits now or just about low-double digits now, and it moves sort of mid-double digits for the full year.
Joseph Massaro: It's growing really strong. It is a tough comp. I think it was – I don't know, it was 128% or something last year growth. So, you've got to tough year-over-year. There's a couple things there. Obviously, there was some European production disruption, which hits high voltage. There was some China disruption in the back half, which obviously now it's hit high voltage. So, those are sort of the transactional things in the quarter. There's two other things that I'd probably highlight there.  One is – Kevin's talked about and just referenced, we tend to be very selective on who we're doing high voltage with. We want to make sure they're going to build the cars, want to see them – OEs that are going to transform their portfolio where we're committing long term to those platforms. So, as you see – particularly in other parts of the world, and China, as you see some of the smaller OEs, just see some of the other platforms kick in, we're selecting not to be on every car there, obviously, but we've got great content, we're on about 50% of the launches over the next two years.  So that is what I would sort of frame as the sort of the bigger picture. But you did have some transactional things in the quarter that just, given the importance of high voltage in Europe and China, that's going to impact that number there.
Joseph Massaro: Yeah, not really changed, Joe. We did talk about at the time of the guide, the economics were always in the guide. They weren't on the price line. And I think we've talked about the reasons why we did that because we're not necessarily sure how or all of the recoveries are going to come from. But, no, the economics remained fairly consistent with what was in the original guide, which is in part how we're holding.  Like I said, there are some increases we're seeing coming through during the current year, but we've obviously got activities and we're able to absorb a little bit more of that. So from a net economic basis, really no change.  On the top line assumption, we're at approximately 6%. Understand, there's a lot of movements – I think the world has effectively come down closer to 6%. Right? We were, I think, probably a little bit more realistic at the start of the year. And listen, as I mentioned, they're most likely going to be some puts and takes across regions. Our view was that the industry probably could have done more in North America to begin with, if it wasn't for some of the supply chain constraints. So, to the extent you get some softening in Europe, parts availability, chip availability goes up because of softness in Europe, we think North America could potentially do more, at least based on what we're hearing from our customers.  And then, I said our assumption around China, which is our assumption based on the feedback we're getting from our teams on the ground and our customers there is they're expecting to recover pretty quickly from what is now a prolonged lockdown going into sort of mid second quarter. It started mid-March, right? So, it's been going on for a while. And that's a region and a part of the industry that has demonstrated several times now their ability to come back pretty quickly and pretty robustly. So, that's what we're currently assuming, but really no changes in sort of net economics.  Like I said on the original guide and my prepared comments, we try to think through what was realistically coming down, coming down on us in 2022 from an inflation perspective, and what we're going to have to go do from a recovery perspective.
Joseph Massaro: Brian, it's Joe. You might recall as well, and this is a couple of years out, but we did talk about over $100 million of synergies from Wind River, which is in part taking out some of the middleware, the RTOS that we currently pay for from other suppliers, and start to leverage the Wind River products once we own them. Now, that's a couple years out, but that is thematically consistent with what you're talking about as well. 
Joseph Massaro: Ryan, it's Joe. We're not precluded in any way from that space. And if you recall back in 2017 – I'm sorry, 2019 when we spun the powertrain business, it was – 2017. It was the right thing to do. We were focused on making sure that business had the ability to grow beyond its internal combustion footprint and power electronics made sense there, just given at the time, how it was sold into the customers. But we're not precluded in any way from participating in that part of the market.
Joseph Massaro: It's Joe. I think over the next couple of years, we've got really good growth in that non-automotive business. We think that closes the gap to, call it, almost 20%. Now, we've got the other product lines growing faster, so it doesn't quite get to 20% organically. It's probably good news, in that the other product lines – things like high voltage have continued to grow really fast. But still have some work to do on the inorganic side. We've talked consistently M&A strategy. We'll continue to include businesses like Winchester Interconnect, which was non-automotive in a product line category that we understand really well, or businesses like HellermannTyton that have a really good balance of industrial and aerospace and automotive. So, continue to focus both on the organic and inorganic.  As we've always said, that was a high level target. That was an ambition. We're not going to take a big student body right just to hit that number, but we think we're on a really good trajectory to get there.
Joseph Massaro: No, no, no. The 5% is total Aptiv. Right? So, ASUX has some commercial vehicle business and some recent launches that are growing quite nicely. So it's total Aptiv. SPS was down 1% this quarter, which is low, but impacted by – primarily the China shutdowns impacted that commercial vehicle space in the quarter.  The one other comment just that I mentioned this, we did have that channel replenishment in Q1 last year in the engineer components business, connectors and HellermannTyton, a part of that falls into that non-automotive business. Obviously, we're replenishing the distribution channel. So, you've got a little bit of a year-over-year comp that impacts non-auto as well.
Joseph Massaro: It's Joe. Let me start with the question. Not going to quite, at this point in the year, get into sort of exit margins or sort of run rates coming out at the end of the year. The way I would think about it more for 2023 would be – and what we're looking at is obviously how do the COVID and supply chain costs come down over the course of next year and then, obviously, over the next couple of years, addressing the material inflation. I think things are still a little choppy to sort of take one quarter or one period of time and try to extrapolate for a year. But the margin improvement that we talked about first half to second half, we would expect to sustain that go forward. But I think it's a little choppy at the moment to sort of try to go out and take a stab at 2023 margin.
Joseph Massaro: And in locations where we're – the western parts sort of along the Polish-Romanian border, that production will be moved. There is the ability to manufacture those products in other locations. Those customers were just a little bit slower to respond. And to Kevin's point, and one of the reasons we're not talking about this, some of the cost bucket, we just went with a – if you want to move, this is what it's going to cost. And customers have effectively agreed to that and are paying it.
Joseph Massaro: Dan, it's kind of what we talked about last year, just different timing. Right? As I said in my prepared comments, we do expect Q2 to be heavily impacted. That is a market our business team and industry, our customers that have recovered quickly in the past. There's time left in the year where this is – we're talking about a March, April, May, not November, December type disruption. And it was a little bit of the same dialogue we had last year. Depending on when the disruption occurs, demand is still strong, customers want to buy the cars, inventory levels at the dealers are still low. So, there is a desire by our customers to recover quickly. And just given where we are from a point in time in the year and from what we're seeing from customers desires and our capabilities, we have the ability to – if it is Q2 and sort of stays contained within Q2, we do have the ability to recover the balance of the year. 
