Kevin Clark: Thanks Joe. Let me wrap up on slide 20 before we open it up for Q&A. we delivered another strong quarter with record revenue growth as well as record operating income earnings per share and free cash flow. As a result, as Joe said, we’re raising our guidance for the second time this year with 89% adjusted revenue growth, 13% operating income growth and 15% earnings per share growth. We continue to make significant progress executing our strategy and optimizing our business model, including increasing revenues faster than underlying vehicle production, through content growth and market share gains as customers increasingly look to Aptiv as their partner of choice as reflected in our bookings performance. Continuously improving our cost structure and increasing our operating efficiencies to both reinvest in the business and to expand margins and grow earnings and cash flow, leveraging our balance sheet for further value creation, investing roughly $1.5 billion in acquisitions in 2017 and 2018 combined, while returning over $1 billion of cash to shareholders through dividends and repurchases. Positioning Aptiv for the future, strengthening our portfolio safe, green and connected advanced technologies to widen our competitive modes, capturing opportunities in new markets and diversifying our business mix to ensure less volatile operating performance through the cycle. With that let’s open the line-up for Q&A.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, Q3 has got schedules Brian as best as we have them from a customer at this point. Obviously get more to IHS as you get the final couple of months of the year, but at this point, as best we have, and we're tied out to schedules.
Kevin Clark: Maybe, I'll start Brian. So, as you know, last year we’ve booked about $3.7 billion in the Active Safety business. This year, today just under $2 billion and on track to do well over $3 billion. As we’ve talked about in the past, typically in our product range when you launch a new program or a new technology, when you sized the revenue from zero to 300, you’re investing effectively in that technology and then from 300 on, you’re actually positive from an operating margin standpoint. And add $1 billion in run rate revenues today and our Active Safety business is at the ASUX operating margin range, X the investment in mobility. So, for us, it's strong, very profitable business.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, Chris. It’s Kevin. I would just add one additional point. So, we’ll launch about 1,700 programs this year, of which about 250 we’d consider to be major launch programs. And a lot of that activity is in the SPS business that Joe talked about earlier. And when you look at that on a year-over-year basis, that’s roughly a 70% increase in critical activity. And as Joe mentioned, there were couple of areas from an operational standpoint I think we could have performed a little bit better in Q2 and quite frankly in Q3 and Q4. So, as that launch activity slows, as you head into 2019, we should get the incremental benefit.
Kevin Clark: That’s a great question. It's very customer dependent, there are OEs who are very focused no developing Level 3 and leveraging Level 3 into Level 4 and Level 5. So, we’re in a lot of those dialogues. There are other OEs, Joe who at least as of now are looking at the incremental cost of Level 3 versus let's say a Level 2 or Level 2 plus solution and seeing more value in the Level 2 plus solution on a kind of cost per benefit standpoint. So, it's a bit bifurcated quite frankly. Those customers who tend to have a - let’s call it a sequential development strategy as it relates to autonomous driving moving from Level 2 to 3 to 4 to 5 are focused on advancing to a Level 3. Those who are coming at two different directions, and Level 0 to a Level 2 plus being ADAS and a group that works on that and a separate group working on Level 4 and 5 seem to be considering skipping that Level 3 step.
Kevin Clark: Well, as you’ve heard Joe and I say, we’re about driving shareholder values, so it starts with that. So, how do we best drive shareholder value, if an opportunity like that presented itself and it delivered shareholder value that something that we certainly would do, obviously should do. Having said that, we need to have a good understanding of what the capital – how much capital was – what effectively we’d use it for. I think if you’d ask Joe and myself at this point in time, we feel like we’re spending the right amount of money to do everything we need to do to develop our automated driving technology, both for OEM customers as well as for the AMoD customers and really don’t view there to a gap in what we’re developing or working on as it relates to resources, people or funding. So we really need to understand the situation. But again I – as we have always said, we’re about driving shareholder value.
Kevin Clark: David, the other thing, I think, and we don't count for it this way, we're careful not to count for this way. But as we develop the technologies related to AD, that's something that we clearly transfer to our active safety programs, principally around perception systems as you can imagine. And I think one of the big reasons we've been able to -- in addition to market growth, but when you look at winning percentages and overall bookings in ADAS, principally around level two, level two plus. The reason we've been so successful, the last year or so, and would expect to continue to be is -- is as a result of those investments that we're making. Now, again, we don't, count it that way. We keep it separate. We make sure that we're focused on how do we drive revenue and profitability in the AD business separately, but there is a benefit there.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, listen, I think well before 2025 year at or above our return on average return on capital in this business, right? We're not looking to manage fleet that's not the business we're in. So, we're not going to invest significantly in building cars fleets will be owned by others will provide the technology related to those fleet, will provide the software, will provide the perception systems and as you know the more software that goes into those solutions higher the return. So, I think it's well before 2025 John.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Listen, software you do once, right? And I think definitely in low in systems, you'll see increased costs pressure, it's the nature of the business that we operate in and it's quite frankly what we deal with across all of our products and it’s something that we do a very good job of managing with our customers, with our partners. Having said that, there is real demand going up this chain from a technology standpoint from Level 0 to Level 1 to Level 2 plus I'm confident of Level 3 and so on. And those will continue to be products that consumers are willing to pay for and their advanced technologies which very few people can quite frankly develop and can integrate into vehicles and you’ll see margin benefits.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, those are - that is - that strategy is pretty straight forward. There are opportunities in places like commercial vehicle where we take our products that we manufactured today. And we sell in the markets that historically we haven’t had is much focus on. We had focus, but not as much focus, so it is a concerted effort to further pursue - to take existing technology, existing products and pursue opportunities in that market, but second is in and around the engineered components space, where the product portfolio is often very, very similar. Now, the go-to-market is very different or can be very different, the approach from a sales standpoint can be very different. And as you know we bought HellermannTyton a few years ago, that’s a business that has operated extremely well. It’s been a great case study for us, it’s grown well over 10% per year with a real strong sales force and as Joe mentioned with respect to Winchester, we think it’s a great asset with a great management team, a great footprint and to the extent we can provide them capabilities maybe leveraging sourcing and things like that. Maybe there are products that we have in our portfolio today that they can add into their portfolio to sell in the industrial and other markets. Now, if we can diversify our revenues be less cyclical in a very low risk way, we think it’s multiple enhancing and it’s returning enhancing.
Kevin Clark: One, I think our high growth has positive cash flow, so I want to make sure and every business is different. So, the [indiscernible] business is a very good business with great technology and I don’t have all the specifics as it relates to their product portfolio and where they’re investing. But we have a great business that’s high growth has positive cash flow significant software capabilities. Again, we Joe and I go back to we entertain whatever creates the most value for shareholders. Now having said that, we think being able to leverage both the hardware and the software capabilities is very unique. And we think that’s one of the reasons we’ve had the win rates, we’ve had on - from a booking standpoint, from an ADAS standpoint or from an infotainment user experience standpoint and we think we’ll have more to talk to you about as it relates to smart vehicle architecture so future solutions for the architecture of the car, so we think there is an incremental benefit of having the two together.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, right now no plans, yup right now no plans and always, always focused on driving shareholder value.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, I mean we’ve had strong bookings over the last couple of years, the SUX, the infotainment user experience business is growing kind of mid-teens sort of growth rate from a CAGR standpoint. We expect it to continue to do that through the end of the decade. There will be some movement up and down based on programs rolling on and off. There continues to be significant demand for the product. Always are looking for ways to consolidate controllers and increase compute power. We've talked about our integrated Cockpit Controller you saw at CES or CFP which has 40 times the power of our integrated Cockpit Controller or less mass and safety OE cost. So, there is a lot of focus from an OE standpoint how to get leverageable compute power, how to kind a centralize it and how to increase or enhance the software operations of the software on the hardware.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. So yeah, I think given our software and our hardware and our systems integration capabilities, again, we feel like we're the most uniquely positioned to play in this base. We run into more typically our players like -- who we traditionally ran into, who had strong software capabilities. And I think with their more recent transaction with Samsung have some hardware and systems integration capabilities on the infotainment side.
Kevin Clark: So, the system we have today is obviously stronger than what we had at CES. So, we go through a regular process of updating and enhancing and quite frankly, that's why we have the Las Vegas location that's for further validation and development of the underlying technology. The vehicles tend to continue to be riding at roughly 99% autonomous. We have roughly 15 vehicles on the Lyft network today. We have roughly 75 in total, 59 were list network growing to 30 before year-end. We served 20 locations now will be 30 by the fall or year-end as well. As it relates to takeover seems like that I don't have that data in front of me, but we continue to make improvements in the underlying system.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. We have several dialogues with the number of folks who'd be interested in location and other data in and around Las Vegas.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. I don’t know if I have right in front of me, I don’t have data as it relates to win rates on ADAS. Our win rates overall have gone up this year versus prior years. And given the amount of ADAS activity, I would assume that that would show a similar sort of trend, Emmanuel. But I think to Joe’s point on the Active Safety side, given there is very limited group of players out there that can do both hardware and software and then overlaying our vehicle architecture capabilities on top of that. I think it’s differentiated us and has resulted in some of the significant wins that we showed in our presentations. I mean those are pretty complex ADAS programs with large multi-national OEs. And when you get into a Level 2 plus systems, you need to be able to be a strong systems integrator.
Kevin Clark: Yes, definitely. So, Winchester as I said strong operating teams, strong business team, great systems have experience with M&A in these small spaces that Joe alluded to. And our EBIT [ph] to them will be continuing to go out and do what they have been doing and we’ll provide them support in certain areas from utility standpoint and the control standpoint.
Kevin Clark: Yes, when you look at the connector engineered component space, it's very fragmented. As Joe said, there is a period of time where consolidation took place, where the larger players and we bought MVL back in 2012. I would say that was the last of the medium size connector players that were out there and then from there it drops down to relatively smaller businesses out there. So – and the number of them are very strong. So, we’ll continue to acquire those businesses integrate them into the Winchester business model. But again, a big piece of diversification strategy is really about doing more with what we already have. So, Joe talked about commercial vehicle market, that’s again existing product portfolio with more focused in selling into commercial vehicle. We purchased the Control Tech business, the data business that’s growing just under 20% per year, its non -- it’s not tied to vehicle production, tied to data and value through data, continue to grow that business and focus that business in the OE market as well as in the AMoD market and that’s in the connector space through engineered component space.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, I think it’s important to know - to really reinforce Joe's comment about like HellermannTyton, this is about acquiring a great asset and it's a business, quite frankly the numbers speak for themselves, high single-digit revenue growth and EBITDA margins that are in line with our control - our connector.
Kevin Clark: So, it’s a very well-run business for the great team and a great set of assets, and how do we bring additional value to them whether that be from sourcing synergies or incremental resources.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. So, listen, we didn’t bring any content into the automotive space especially if it’s from consumer electronics is helpful. As a systems integrator, we actually are launching one of those Android programs. So, we’re one of their partners. We think it’s something that quite frankly given our systems integration capabilities and software capabilities provides additional opportunity.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. It’s the multi-domain controller, it’s software, it’s some systems integration and then it’s a radar technology.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, it probably starts, particularly if you are focused on margin rate. The biggest change is going to be the effects and commodities. So, that as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that’s about 50 basis point after 12.1 off the midpoint. So, if you adjusted for the FX in commodities including the revised macros we used for Europe - for Euro and RMB, you're up to about 12.6. We've taken the RMB down of 680 had ended Q2, it would have been in the 63s. So, we’ve got a straightening above or below 680 now. So, we’ve got a little bit of catch up on the reval and the core comings as we adjust from sort of where we ended the 63 and changed to 68. So, that on our margin rate perspective that’s effectively zero revenue and the reval coming through on the OI lines, So, it plays a little bit of havoc with the rate. Mobility investment, the additional of 20, that's pretty much spread evenly through the balance of the year, so call that 10 million and then the operating efficiencies I mentioned them. They impacted us a bit in Q2. We’re forecasting them to continue that in part is the higher launch volumes particularly in SPS. But also, as I mentioned, we’ve got things like Meridian that happened in Q2. You've got some other changes and schedules which necessary call downs of volume are, but they are making it much more lumpy within a given quarter and obviously it’s harder to react if you’re running slower for a two or three-week period, it's obviously, harder to react from a car structure perspective. That any type of longer-term change. So, call that another 15 or so in the quarter as well, 15 to 20.
Joe Massaro: The rate delta and we have this challenge going the other way in the first quarter. The rate challenge is really of the FX and commodities input.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. We have volume ramping obviously on the previous launches. The mobility investment, obviously that’s focused on the AMoD, Brian. And I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, if you back that out, the core ASUX business, which includes all of its own development business, the only thing that’s in that mobility number is truly the AMoD investment. Those margins expanded about 80 basis points year-over-year. So, we’re seeing that business perform as we would have expected.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, Chris. We would stay focused on that framework we provided at Investor Day, 20 basis points to 40 basis points of margin expansion while investing in the business. Again, I think -- and you got to watch the FX and commodity, the beginning part of this year has been somewhat volatile, and it disproportionally affects the margin rate itself. But as we look out, our best estimates of FX and commodity rates right now would probably give us a little bit over a 10-basis point headwind on margin rate for the year, which would put us north of 20 basis points of margin expansion even with the increased mobility investment and that’s a framework we’re very focused on maintaining.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. Generally, it holds. It flows -- the renminbi flows a little bit higher than the other currencies just because of some of the balance sheet translations over there. So, it may flow close -- we usually say FX flows at 10, we usually say that may flow a little, somewhere between 10% and 15%.
Joe Massaro: Total FX and commodity between 15 and 20. And a big part of that is just the renminbi really has moved here since the end of the quarter. So, we’re assuming we sort of take the full 630 to 680, 630 something was the quarter-end to the full 680 at the end of Q3, which is really what’s driving that FX and commodity line and obviously not a lot of revenue associated with that, just really the re-val.
Joe Massaro: Yes, a lot of that – well that would be ADAS business for us, so we’re – what guidance we have given is 2025 we’ll do about a $1 billion of automated driving revenues roughly $500 million as at be Level 3, $500 million Level 4 and Level 5. The $2 billion of ADAS business is Level 2 plus and Level 0, 1, Level 2 plus, what I’d say most of the growth being in the Level 2 plus over the last year or so.
Joe Massaro: So, Active Safety sells. So, consumers are asking for it as I said in my prepared remarks, we’re seeing OEs really pull for it, we’re seeing a lot of opportunity around the Level 2 and Level 2 plus area. So that will drive most of the growth.
Joe Massaro: Yes, that’s primarily, there is some SG&A obviously oversight and such but a lot of it flow up through, the engineer – our engineering flows up through costs of goods sold.
Joe Massaro: Yes. So, obviously early days to roll it up. I mean, you won't see the step level change and we say that's a couple of times. You won't say the step level change obviously that you saw to 2017 or 2018. Could you wind up in 2019 at 180, maybe close to 200. Possibly, we're still working really through that. It would really all depend on the opportunities, the increase that we've come out with this quarter and completely related to the opportunities and quite honestly getting close to what I'd almost call commercial pursuits at this point with some of the major always and some of the mobility on demand providers. So, to the extent we see greater opportunities would increase the spend but the step level change that you saw from 2017 to 2018. We certainly would not expect to repeat without a significant known sort of commercial event.
Joe Massaro: We've talked about having that, that sort of billion dollars of revenue in 2025. Half a billion of that coming from AMR. I think we're on a sort of a growth trajectory, sort of come from 2021 through 2025, and, it'll to some extent mirror our other product lines, where we sort of break even at that $350 million of revenue and would expect to grow from there. There may be some opportunities just given the nature of this revenue, some software sales, some recurring data service fees where we climb profitability a little bit faster than our traditional product lines, obviously. But we really still look at this business is from a revenue perspective evolving from sort of 2021 through 2025.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, and I think Dave on an Active safety, we've talked about it before. To us particularly when you get to the Level 2 and the Level 2 plus systems, we feel that modes expanding. So, there is fewer and fewer folks at least from what we're seeing that are sort of in the room with us at least on some of those initial bids. And I think they’re the ones you'd expect really the Bosch the -- the big global players that could deliver this technology on a certainly on a global platform. And for us that's a pretty good spot for us to be. We compete well against those guys, that's a structured market. And again, we think we just given some of the complexity going on in this technology that modes widening as to who can really do that.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, it's certainly strong. I think David, the learnings as we've talked about before, the learnings at this point from Lyft are really on the commercial side of things. As Kevin mentioned in his prepared remarks data coming off the cars who's that data valuable to, how best to incorporate, and these are learnings for both us and Lyft, how best to incorporate these vehicles into an existing mobility-on-demand network. Where to deploy them when to deploy them as Kevin said, these cars have the ability to run consistently for longer hour and the day. So, at this point, certainly from takeover and an automated drive perspective, the numbers continue to go up from where they were in January, but really this is focused on how best to use these assets to turn revenue.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. I think it’s -- and really Emmanuel we have focused a lot of that conversation around 2025 where we’ve talked about that $1 billion of AMoD -- automated driving revenue, half being from mobility on-demand service providers. So, obviously there is a large percentage of that which we expect to be data services and software sales of the mobility stack. So, that’s obviously part of -- when we think of non-auto revenue, it’s not tied to light vehicle production. So, that’s certainly part of it. The other key things we need to execute on and I think we’ve started making progress already, organic growth of the commercial vehicle business and that really goes across both segments, solid growth in the quarter and we expect solid growth in 2018 as it relates to CV. And then it’s continuing to focus within SPS, continue to focus on those adjacent markets where we think it makes sense for businesses like HellermannTyton that will include organic growth into those non-industrial market, into those non-automotive industrial markets, but it will also be part of the inorganic growth strategy. We think Winchester will serve as a great platform for non-auto ECG acquisitions. We’d often come across smaller connector businesses that we liked, that were non-auto, that we thought we could acquire, we had a reasonable multiple, but we really didn’t have a place to plug them into and we’re obviously a large company. And without a platform to bolt-on to if you will, it is hard to do bolt-on transactions. So, Winchester really gives us the ability to go into those markets and identify opportunities there. Winchester has as Kevin mentioned solid management team, very experienced in M&A. We’ll help them in a couple of ways. We think we’ll have some material saving synergies long-term that benefit them. They’re also 80% to 85% North America at this point. And for smaller company going into Asia Pacific, going into Europe in a meaningful way is more challenging just given the infrastructure. We obviously have a lot of capabilities in those parts of the world to help them ramp more quickly in Europe and Asia-Pac. So, we certainly see broadly speaking SPS, but particularly the engineered components group is a meaningful next step in that non-automotive revenue.
Joe Massaro: Yes, so good question. Yes, it is, we’ve benefit there really from our operating model, we’re very focused on localize production, localize sourcing, if you look right now, what I’ll call it the direct – potential direct impact. We only have about $400 million of material flows between the two countries and quite honestly as we started to look at that, we found pretty straightforward ways to localize about half of that. The only reason that’s not localize now and this is particularly along the engineered components group. From a capital deployment perspective at the moment it's more capital efficient to produce in one place and ship. To the extent that became more expensive than the trade-off of putting capital locally would obviously switch and we’d be able to localize. So, it’s just at this point at $400 million you’re talking about maybe a $5 million to $10 million impact from tariff. So, it’s just not material. Given the portfolio moves to the business, we have significantly changed our buying, what we buy, what we need to buy to manufacture. Our global steel and aluminum buy are less than $10 million annually, so that’s just not registering as problematic at this point.
Joe Massaro: No, I think from what we see, and one of the reasons we’ve increased spend sort of accommodate the level of commercial discussions we’re seeing now. When you have a big announcement from WeMo [ph] or CM Cruise [ph], the other folks interested in being in this space tend to want to accelerate their development and we’re viewed as a leading enabler of this technology thinking of the Lyft cars on the road in Vegas are a clear demonstration of that. And so, our activity from all the others, we actually tend to see a bit of pick up in the discussions when you see big meaningful announcements coming out of like a WeMo or a GM Softbank.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, I think, as I mentioned earlier, where we really thought there was both sides, the Winchester side and ourselves that we really complimented each other. We would have a had a hard time buying smaller connection system businesses without a platform to bulk them into right and it'd be very hard to buy a 30 or 40 million revenue, no arrow connector business and plug it into auto business. It just not the way they run, it would be distractions on both sides. So, we needed a platform and they quite honestly would benefit from being part of a large global player that can support them accordingly.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. I think on that stuff, from the schedules we have seen, it’s where we go in and look out what we’d pay on those individual products. And again, then we’d start sort of mitigating instantly, if not to somewhat proactively.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. KUM was, we thought it was going to close a little later in the year, it was effectively in the range in Q1, it’s going to close a little bit earlier. It is in the guidance now since we’ve closed. I’d call it about $10 million of EBIT for the balance of the year. This is one where you obviously you pick up sort of the full purchasing accounting deals amortization before you start to hit all the synergies and stuff. So, it will ramp over the course of 2019, but I’d call it $10 million of OI in the back half of the year, probably $0.03 of EPS.
