Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. Let me wrap up on slide 18, before opening it up for Q&A. Our third quarter performance is further evidence of Aptiv's ability to drive sustained growth and strong operating performance, despite a challenging macro environment. We're confident in our outlook for 2019, which includes roughly 3% revenue growth, representing eight points of growth, over market. Our outlook for the fourth quarter reflects our balanced approach to forecasting industry volumes, in a more uncertain environment, while investing in future growth initiatives, and reaping the benefits of our lean cost structure and our flexible business model. We believe our unique formula further differentiates Aptiv as a company capable of capitalizing on key Global Auto 2.0 megatrends, securing significant customer awards in the fastest growing spaces in the automotive market, while continuing to develop a more competitive business model, both of which translate into a much more predictable and sustainable business, better positioned to perform in any macro environment. And combined with the management team that thinks and acts like owners, fillers outsized value to our shareholders. So with that, let's open up the line for Q&A.
Kevin Clark: And Emmanuel, it's Kevin. ASUEX traditionally has higher price downs relative to our other segment, our SPS segment. So it's not unusual to have to Joe's point price downs in that range, the range that Joe discussed.
Kevin Clark: Joe -- if I can just add, Joe just taking a step back, just to put it in perspective. Within our SPS business, we have seven dedicated plants to serving General Motors in North America, right? That went through a period to Joe's point that weren't operating. And then there's an additional 21 or 22 that served General Motors in North America. So you can imagine as production declines significantly especially in the dedicated plants and to a lesser extent in the partial or shared plants. It's almost -- and it's keenly going through a relaunch of a program again. So you're not going to operate and launch at the same sort of efficiency as you do when a plant normally runs. So it's a significant part of the overall supply chain that needs to be kickstarted again and relaunched. And that has an impact on productivity and efficiency.
Kevin Clark: So two aspects to that. One -- it's a nonexclusive joint venture one. Two that we have the flexibility from a commercial standpoint to buy technology from the joint venture, but we also have the ability if it were to make sense to develop technology on our own to sell customers. So whatever would be the most optimal financial solution.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Rod, again, if you go back to history, manufacturing material and engineering performance has consistently for us been strongest in the fourth quarter. And I think it's the nature of the initiatives that we've put in place in our plan. I think it's the nature of the incremental initiatives that we've put in place throughout the year.
Kevin Clark: Yes. We're seeing strong growth in our Signal and Power Solutions segment, principally as it relates to or as a result of new program launches Rod. As you know, we've had a number of wins on a -- from a high-voltage standpoint. High voltage is growing very strong, but it's off on a relative basis for us. I'd call it a smaller number, so not a huge revenue impact. As we head into 2020 from 2019 like all of you, I think we have some concern about the robustness of the European market and the likelihood of continued, if not increased weakening in that market from a vehicle production standpoint. So I'd say it's a little bit too early to call, but as we sit and we plan for 2020, we're certainly forecasting production in Europe or would expect production in Europe to be down on a year-over-year basis.
Kevin Clark: Yes. No and I think it's important to add as it relates to the fourth quarter, at least the first half of next year, the concept that you're going to have a big rebound or catch-up in vehicle production from General Motors based on the schedules we see and what they already had built in from a launch timing standpoint, it would -- it's tough to assume you get any at least near-term benefit not in the fourth quarter or in the full year. So...
Kevin Clark: Yes. Chris we're still working through plan. And we're not going to go through market-by-market at this point in time but we look at it from the opposite perspective. Play out a scenario where you actually see growth in vehicle production and in which markets. And as we sit here today, we see more headwinds to vehicle production than we see tailwinds. And maybe a part of that is we want to make sure that we have operating plans to execute any -- execute against any downward pressure on volumes. That's probably a certain overlay but we also just want to be very realistic and rational about where we sit economically and where we are in the cycle. So to Joe's point, maybe it's not down 5% but we can come up with a number of reasons where and how it gets to down 3%.
Kevin Clark: Yes. I think you got it separated and Joe can walk through and give you the specific numbers. But Brian, I think, it's important. Joe mentioned we worked very closely with General Motors to be in a position where when they did resolve the labor issue we could ramp up production as quickly as possible. So there is a fair amount of labor that we -- labor costs that we maintain that we kept in place so that we didn't have to be in a situation where we had to in addition to launching -- relaunching production have to train a bunch of new workers. So we kept them in place versus a normal scenario where we would see vehicle production declining for a more protracted period of time. We would have let them go.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Well, the answer to your first question or comment was just pure coincidence. As you know, we've been very focused on growing our Engineered Components business. And the gabocom business was a great addition to the HellermannTyton product portfolio and business portfolio. It expands in a product line that they're already in the fast-growing telecom space. And it was an asset that our operating team and HellermannTyton knew very, very well, so high confidence in our ability to actually execute. As it relates to the joint venture and how it affects our capital allocation strategy listen we have a strong balance sheet. We generate a lot of free cash flow. We focus on how we grow the business organically as well as acquisition-related. Clearly the structure of the joint venture frees up a couple hundred million dollars of additional cash flow on an annual basis and it gives us more flexibility, but Brian it won't drive any different behavior than the behavior that we have now which is a disciplined approach to either investing our business, pursue acquisitions or return the cash to shareholders. So I wouldn't...
Kevin Clark: Yes. So the joint venture itself right, Hyundai is contributing $1.6 billion of cash at close. The joint venture for a number of years will be funded by that contribution and therefore would reduce the amount of cash that we need to fund or spend on the development of the technology related to automated driving. Therefore the net result is we have more cash flow.
Kevin Clark: Yes, if I could have one other comment and I don't mean to be -- but there is the law of large numbers, right? So, we have an active safety business that is $1.3 billion in revenues versus under $600 million in revenue just two years ago. So, continuing to grow at north of 60% becomes increasingly challenging just given the nature of the numbers. I don't mean to be defensive, but I think it's fair to assume to Joe's point, there's going to be some volatility based on launch. But as we get into larger numbers, we're not going to maintain the same growth rates on those product lines.
Kevin Clark: No, absolutely not. No, absolutely not. No, we were – listen, we've been working on with a number of folks with respect to vehicle partnerships, right? I guess, this further enhances that vehicle partnership and makes it a joint venture partnership, but no nothing changed.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. I'm not sure anything's changing in the ramp, right? I think our -- if I think I understand your question, we operate in areas where content per vehicle is growing much faster than vehicle production and that's probably speaking for both of our segments ASUEX as well as SPS. And we'll continue to benefit from some of the larger macro trends towards electrification, towards active safety, towards vehicle connectivity and that will translate to technologies like our multi-domain controllers, our Smart Vehicle Architecture, our high-voltage connectors and cable solutions. So we feel as though we continue to be perfectly positioned, I think -- so when we're talking about...
Kevin Clark: Some is and some isn't, right? So, high-voltage as an example we have an existing product portfolio on the wire harness and connector side. And it's just a matter of customer adoption, right, and program launches. As it relates to active safety, as I mentioned, we have about $1.3 billion of active safety revenue today. Most of that tends to be in and around central fusion radar solution things like that. I guess, there are areas that we're launching like our satellite radar or satellite architecture approach to active safety, which we'll be rolling out across a number of OEMs over the next couple of years. And then there's a number of multi-domain controllers that we'll be launching over the next few years as well. But I would view that as extension of existing technology versus brand new technology that needs to be introduced.
Kevin Clark: No. John, it's Kevin. And just nothing at this point. Nothing at this point in time. However, as you know we're always focused on evaluating our portfolio and identifying ways where we can better serve our customers and optimize shareholder value, but nothing at this point in time.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. That is integrated into the infotainment system only. But we're actively working on a number of potential programs as OEMs as a part of our SVA initiative to make OTA available and integrated to the broader vehicle. So you can do a better job of more opportunity for life cycle management across all of the controllers in the car.
Kevin Clark: So your first question no. Our view on the introduction of autonomy hasn't changed. So the introduction of industrialized platform in 2022 for Robotaxi use is directly in line with what our plan has always been so no change from that standpoint. As it relates to acceleration in more advanced ADAS system absolutely, we see relative to what we saw a year ago, increasing demands for more advanced Level 2, Level 2+, Level 3-, Level 3, advanced active safety systems, across OEMs, literally in every region.  So that's an area of review of opportunity. And we feel as though we're perfectly positioned to benefit from. As it relates to vehicle -- slowdown in vehicle production or markets what's the impact, as it relates to active safety -- active safety cells right? Re-buy rates on active safety, I believe are north of 95%. So that's an area, where we would not expect to see de-contenting or a slowdown in penetration, if you were to see a slowdown in vehicle production. Now I guess there's at certain points if it's severely -- you could see some impact. But just given the discussions with our customers, I think that rate would have to be significant and in any normal sort of slowdown and be highly unlikely.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Conversations -- again continued dialogue with a dozen OEMs. We have the advanced development programs that we've talked about. I would say from an industry standpoint, the industry recognizes the fact that our vehicle architecture needs to change. So, some OEMs, principally the OEMs in Europe are working more aggressively on driving that change. But it's an area of opportunity for Aptiv and there's a high level of interest.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. Emmanuel it's Joe. I would say the strike impact most akin to, and we had some of this last year right, sort of, the abrupt plant closures at OEs. So during the strike, we obviously held our workforce, we had over 21,000 impacted employees, seven dedicated facilities to GM were impacted. There was another 22 facilities that were partially supporting GM. So you wind out with a fair amount of cost, obviously, the revenue comes out fairly quickly, staggered down in September as we're able to continue to support the Canadian and Mexican plants. But by the time you got to October, you really had all of that sitting idle. We worked hard to maintain the workforce, so pay the workforce during the strike. That is really an effort to make sure we get back up and running very quickly just given the number of employees that we had. And basically what we've you assumed – obviously, we were down for the full month of October for the most part. From a production perspective, we started shipping this week out of a couple of locations I would say shipments over the last couple of days have been between 10% and 15% of normal volume. We expect that to ramp to 25% to 40% of normal volumes over the next week. And then our current assumption is we're effectively back up and running normalized production and deliveries to GM after November 8th. And that's -- so those are the assumptions that are in the forecast.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. I would say there's two -- I'd go back to what we've always said, which is prices -- pricing is lumpy. So long-term we're very comfortable with that 2% number. And I think as I've said even on these calls there'll be quarters where it's a little less, it doesn't necessarily mean anything. There's quarters where it's a little more doesn't necessarily mean anything. We're really focused around 2%, but it is a lumpy number quarter in and quarter out. Listen, I do think the second point I'd make this year in particular, I think price is favorable overall as volumes have come down. And we do have certain clauses within our contracts that require volume being met at certain levels to continue to provide price downs and we have seen some benefit from that. But again longer term from a financial framework perspective, I've continued to think of that 2% as the right number.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. I would say last Q3, the strike happened a little bit late. That's stuff's, obviously, on the water for bid, so less strike-related. Overall, there's two things, I think overall volume, a little lower on some of those parts so that helps. But our remediation process is we are hitting those milestones from remediation perspective. The Korean operation's up and running. It's been approved by two of the three customers that utilize it. We've started shipping out of that. So I'd say we're on track from a full year basis from where we thought we'd be. You might see a little bit or we do have a little bit of an uptick in tariffs in Q4 related to pulling some of the GM stuff and -- but that's a quarter thing. It's not going to impact our full year view. And remediation's on track.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Didn't keep everybody going -- kept -- they weren't in the plan. So obviously kept paying them on temporary layoff -- or temporary layoffs. But there are some ramp cost too just getting them back to work, there's got to be some over time, there's got to be some inefficiencies people have been out for about 40-plus days. So there is an assumption as we ramp in the first half of November. We don't run as well as we were running in August and early September, right? It does take a little bit to turn the system back on. But again, I think manageable within the -- certainly manageable within the quarter and very specific to the GM strike. As you can see in the third quarter. And our sort of overall performance initiatives around manufacturing material are coming in where we expected them.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Well engineering recoveries are generally heavier in the fourth quarter. That's consistent this year. I think from a -- again I'd go back from a framework perspective. We continue to on a net basis look to that sort of 7% or 8% best in engineering across the business. I'm obviously not going to give specifics on 2020. I think Kevin's talked before I mentioned today, we're obviously continuing to invest in that active safety business just given the opportunities at hand in the bookings. But I -- again without getting into specifics of 2020, I wouldn't expect that to change over the long term.
Joe Massaro: Yes. Chris, I think – listen, I think the ex-strike number is certainly we're comfortable with. It was our guidance from July. So from a 2019 perspective, ex-strike that's where the business lands. I think from our perspective what we're looking at is really what happens with vehicle production next year. And as you know, we manage the business to a framework over the long term, certainly try to get that framework in each year but some of that's going to be dependent on vehicle production. And again, as Kevin mentioned, it's a little bit early to start calling numbers, but as we sit and look at things now, vehicle production down 5% this year, I'm not sure it's down 5% next year, but it's probably somewhere between 3% to 5% down next year as we start to add things up. And then we'll go through our exercise of which we always do, where can we get additional performance out of the business? Where can we take out costs? And again as we've consistently said, where do we want to keep investing in the business, particularly from an engineering perspective? I don't know Kevin if you want to...
Joe Massaro: Yes. No we would expect the outgrowth and the content per vehicle to be consistent. We haven't seen anything. We all have -- we'll get into maybe some launch lapping some launches on a given quarter those types of things, but waiting for the next launch to ramp up. We've had some big launches this year as you can see particularly in the -- as you go through North America and Europe. And China in the back half of the year are launching strong. So you may have some of that but from a broader strategic take rate overall content per vehicle trends not seeing any changes.
Joe Massaro: Yes. I think, Brian again -- and we've been consistent. I think decrementals are in that 25% to 35% range a little bit of regional mix and that's what we've worked against. But if you take a plant -- if you take plants down for months that's going to be a higher decremental. If we get a forecast for 2020 vehicle production down a few points that's something we start to address from a cost structure perspective right? There's less shifts. There's less people in the plants. And so I would think of -- the decrementals, we think about working through when vehicle production comes down as we tend to figure out how to deal with that 25% to 35%. To Kevin's point when you get hit with a very important customer is going through a difficult time and we agree to sort of work through it to make sure we're there to catch when they ramp back up and I do think -- as I mentioned I think we'll be ramped back up here to sort of full strength in call it 10 days or less than two weeks that costs some money but we do think it was the right thing to do.
Joe Massaro: Dan I'll take China real quick and then we can go back to the first one. I think from that perspective, obviously, you saw great outgrowth in Q3 expect that to continue. There are a couple of customer-specific delay -- our customer-specific delays in Q4, a couple of our top customers that are -- they're continuing to launch. They're launching on time, but their launch volumes have come down a bit versus the original forecast. So, again, they're launching on time which to us is more important. They have adjusted their forecasts, but more specific to those customers I think than sort of a broader market indication. As it relates to the product line growth rates, they're obviously to your point, still very good I've got to believe industry-leading. You'll get some lumpiness, right? We talked about launch cadence. I mentioned that earlier. You'll have some launches lap. We'll get some lumpiness in the quarter, but obviously, no change to our longer term growth projections over the next couple of years post product launch.
Joe Massaro: Yes, I just – well, listen I -- and I apologize. I didn't mean to imply that we needed to double spend or we will ramp-up spend. We'll -- as we work with the joint venture partner and we finalize, we'll develop our final plan. Listen, the reason the joint venture with Hyundai is we ended up with a perfect partner. And we had, as you can imagine, a number of discussions with a number of potential partners over the last few years. And our perspective with respect to what they bring from a vehicle standpoint, from a vehicle platform standpoint, a perfect alignment on strategy as it relates to timing of introduction of product initial approach to the robotaxi market in 2022 and then applications for a broader base of OEM the fact that it's not exclusive. We have the ability to work with other OEM partners if that's what we so elect to do either with technology out of the joint venture or separate development of technology, the fact that we'll continue to sell technology to the joint venture and have access to it. From our perspective, it was just the perfect partner and the right joint venture structure. And the fact that we have a partner that's willing to contribute $1.6 billion in cash at close with no strings attached, right, no gates from a technology standpoint, no gates from a monetization standpoint, we just view them as a perfect partner in a perfect opportunity to actually enhance the strength of our automated driving capabilities, and quite frankly take that technology and probably accelerate the development of our ADAS vehicle connectivity and Smart Vehicle Architecture activities just given the structure of the joint venture.
Joe Massaro: No, not -- we're not seeing anything from an overall industry standpoint. We had a customer -- a couple of customers shift out some launches, but that's not de-specking. So we've not seen anything to-date.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. I think Ryan compounding that for some other OEs would be sort of Toyota. And one other OE out there that sort of voluntarily made in that active safety throughout their portfolio. So at this point, we're actually seeing adoption in lower end models probably faster than we have would assumed. But I think, you'd be OE, but even in a more sort of near downturn to de-content active safety given the re-buy rates and the fact that you have others out there with comparable models that have that technology.
Joe Massaro: And on the high-voltage side, we've got Europe and China. They've got to hit government mandates so we wouldn't expect de-contenting there either.
Joe Massaro: Certainly, a reduced headwind at this point, I think, we're watching with happens with resin. Resin prices have stabilized. So, it wouldn't be -- on the commodity side wouldn't necessarily be anticipating big headwinds. I think, a little too early to call a tailwind. Obviously, FX will have an effect. Even if the FX rates settled today. It didn't change for next year. We'd have some catch-up in the first couple of quarters. So, that's what we're implying from the sort of headwind on the FX side.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. It's -- hi Armintas it's Joe. You've got about half of its FX and commodity flowing through. The other half as we mentioned earlier, just a little bit of customer-specific items in China. But you're talking round numbers $40 million to $50 million in total. It's about half and half.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. You’ve got -- yeah, listen you've got a couple of things right? You have again ex-strike. If you remember, last year we had about a $35 million performance hit in fourth quarter from some temporary plant closures of a couple of OEs that hit us, almost similar situation of the strike, short-term plant closures where we had to hold the workforce in place. That's about $35 million. And then what you're seeing is the ramps in performance that we expected in the back half of the year. Q3 obviously, we saw that come through. I know we talked last quarter about there being a little bit of a step-up from H1 to H2, but we feel confident in getting that performance and we are seeing that come through. And again, it's a little bit of -- we referenced it. Really sort of our material and manufacturing savings plans tend to run sort of build throughout the year their annual plans. And it's just a little bit of a function of setting a sort of a calendar business plan. But we continue to see those develop through -- the cost-saving actions we took in the first half of the year are effectively in place at this point from a headcount reduction as such.
Steven Fox: I understand we don't want to get too much into next year, but I was wondering if you could maybe just go back and add a little color on the comment you made about the portfolio aligning more to key secular trends. So in other words, what is changing in the ramp that maybe would be different from the mix this year? And maybe give us a sense for how it could impact growth of a market or margins or anything like that? Thanks.
Steven Fox: So I'm sorry to interrupt. I guess what I was -- sorry to interrupt, but I guess what I was getting at is like the specific technologies that are ramping next year that maybe aren't in the portfolio right now. Because you have a huge backlog of business on -- a lot of it's based on a lot of next-generation technology and techniques that are needed to produce it. So I'm trying to get a sense of what's…
Steven Fox: Great. That's the detail I was trying to get at. Appreciate that. And then just as a follow-up, it doesn't sound like this is an issue, but I'm just wondering if you could address any de-specking that you're seeing going on in China or if you're not seeing any at all relative to incentivizing car sales.
