Elena Rosman: Thank you, Jack. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining Aptiv’s first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. To follow along with today’s presentation, our slides can be found at ir.aptiv.com, and consistent with prior calls, today’s review of our actual and forecasted financials exclude restructuring and other special items and will address the continuing operations of Aptiv. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures for both our Q1 financials, as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year are included at the back of today’s presentation along with other supplemental tables. Please see slide two for a disclosure on the forward-looking statements, which reflects Aptiv’s current view of future financial performance, which may be materially different from our actual performance for reasons that we cite in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Joining us today will be Kevin Clark, Aptiv’s President and CEO; and Joe Massaro, CFO and Senior Vice President. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Clark.
Elena Rosman: So within -- there is some divestiture revenue related to the wind down of some contract manufacturing in that business, Joe.
Elena Rosman: Hey, David this is Elena. The organic CV and industrial market growth in Signal and Power Solutions is mid-teens. That's consistent for our outlook for the remainder of the year.
Kevin Clark: So as we're looking. So as we're looking at these production volumes coming down and again assuming lower level of production going forward in some of these markets, we are we are taking another look at the cost structure and working that through so that that would be incremental to what we've talked about in the past.
Kevin Clark: Yes. You have it -- you've got that that's where I refer the M&A is net. So you’ve got the ads from Winchester and KUM and the contract manufacturing coming down from prior divestitures.
Kevin Clark: Brian, it's Kevin. I'll start. So it is resonant as you're right, it's resonant principally related to the connector or engineered components business, and it relates tightness in the supply chain from an available capacity standpoint. It's actually some of the additives that go into into some of some of the resins like PA 66 [ph] and others that are out that are out there. We started to see a significant increase late last year for a relatively large increase into our business plan for 2019 as we exited 2018 and saw incremental tightening of supply and incremental pricing. And given growth on some of our product lines, the reality is we need to buy some of that product out on spot on the spots market, relative to our contractual provisions. And those have been at least to date at much higher rates. We're working to push those through to customers. We've had some success but in light of some of the softer volume, it's been a bit more challenging to do, something that we'll continue to work through. While we are doing that, we're also in the process of validating other resin alternatives to replace existing. For example like PA66 to replace that that sort of resin with alternative products that are automotive grade and are validated by our customers.
Kevin Clark: Yes, it’s more driven by quite frankly a limited supply on one of the components or additives into products like PA66 where we've actually seen some facilities, temporary facility shut downs. Significant price increases as a result of the shortage of supply and again demand for select products where we need to go out on the spot market and actually buy the resin. And as I said, we forecasted what we had in our plan a significant increase on a year-over-year basis, but we've actually seen much higher, much higher prices than what we what we originally anticipated.
Kevin Clark: Yes listen, Brian I -- as we said bookings are lumpy, so I wouldn't read into quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year kind of quarter-to-quarter comparison. So when we look at the funnel of opportunities especially in areas like -- vehicle electrification our high voltage the funnel is actually larger this year than it was last year at this point in time. So we have a high level of confidence that bookings for the year will be over $23 billion. So and on the active safety side over $4 billion. So I wouldn't read into a single quarter.
Kevin Clark: Yes. David, I’ll start. Listen, I mean the first action Joe answered the first question with respect to kind of cost structure activity. So, as a result of the slowdown there, we fall forward a number of initiatives that relates to footprint consolidation into this year that we’re planning for next year, as well as have taken incremental actions in light of the significant slowdown in China. So, when you look at China for outlook for the year and back half of last year, the reality is we're forecasting six straight quarters of vehicle production decline. And, in light of that, it's important that we continue to reduce our cost structure. We'll implement the initiative in the fourth quarter of last year from a footprint and headcount standpoint. We're going to take further action in that region. They said we're going to pull forward some of the plans that we had in the rest of the globe as a result of the lower vehicle production. As it relates to things like resin and FX, resin were pushing real hard from a customer standpoint, from a pricing standpoint. As Joe said, we can't flip the switch overnight, but I think we feel comfortable. Those are things that over the balance of the year, we should be able to abate. So as we head into 2020, we're in a net neutral position that will be a mix of price increases as well as is replacement product for things like PA66. So that's something that we think we can meter in for the balance of the year. And then, there is several areas that we're looking at from an overhead and corporate standpoint through the streamlining and tightening our belts. The one area that we've spent a lot of time looking at and thinking about is the advanced engineering and the pursuit engineering areas. We at this point of time feel strongly that that's not an area we should touch. We've had tremendous success as relates to smart vehicle architecture. We now have won our second advance engineering program, a significant success in our [Indiscernible] or active safety business. And there are several other areas that we feel like we're getting a lot of traction. We're gaining tremendous market share. Joe talked about the margin growth on a year-over-year basis in some of these areas. In our view, is we should just continue to invest so that we can be dominant in those particular areas and widen the competitive moat. But, that's an area that if we continue to see significant softening that's an area that we continually evaluate.
Kevin Clark: Yes Chris, I would say the second quarter was the first time we've seen actually shifting out of program launches, vehicle program launches. And that penetration of our -- of our product, but actually delay and vehicle launches from always in the year, which isn’t good.  And then to Joe's point, it's from a credibility standpoint, it's tough to sit and say, China is down double digits the first half of the year and it’s going to rebound and have growth, significant growth in the back half of the year. And from our perspective, we think it's prudent to assume there is some back half improvement, but it's much more muted.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Listen, I think that the environment was the supply chain, again and not to give you the same answer all the time. It continues to be challenging just as it always has been. As it always has been, so I wouldn’t say that there is necessarily incremental pricing pressure. I think it continues as it historically has. I think with respect to shifting vehicle production, it's tough for us to get precise visibility to what drives that. I'm sure some of that's regulatory, some of that's cost some of that's funding investment. This particular product line is one that that the OE will certainly introduce. So it's not a cancellation, it's just a shifting or delay that has a revenue impact on us. But I think it's a bit of all of the above. Right. The regulatory environment cost as well as capital you know capital constraints.
Kevin Clark: Yes, Emanuel you're right. It's a good question and it applies to both Q1 and Q2. Obviously, we knew in effect that we had in the guide. I think we touched on it during year end is related to the Q1 guide. You know, we do have when production comes down that quickly, whether it was China in Q1 we're seeing some of it in Europe Q2. You know that we will have, we will have negative flow from a detrimental perspective. And I would say in each quarter, I'd call sort of the negative flow about $50 million that we're working through again for Q1, we had expected it. Q2 it’s going to be a little bit more than we originally expected just given the recent takedown in Europe. The cost actions will come in to help offset that, but particularly in Europe, those take a little bit of time before they hit. So you've got that. And then, I think you've got the added of and I mentioned that earlier, you know when the acquisitions come in they come in at a lower -- rate because of the deal amortization side. So I wouldn't call it mix. I'm not implying that, but you just the revenue that's in there is flowing a little bit lower in the first four, six quarters after an acquisition because we're working up synergies, but have the purchase accounting in there sort of out of the blocks. So that's really what you're seeing and we've quantified it at about 50 million and in each of the two quarters. More China related in Q1, more Europe related in Q2. But again, within our original guide certainly for Q1.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Listen, I mean, I just hear the framework is intact and remains. I think the challenge we're dealing with right now is a decline in vehicle production significant decline of production in China right. And a protracted decline in China. The impact of FX rates and then in this particular case, the resin challenge that we have on a year-over-year basis, that you know we'll find substitutes will push the price and in reality there's somewhat it fixes itself as more is more capacity comes online during 2020. So I think there's to Joe's point, there's some one-off items that can affect that model. But from our long term standpoint, the model remains intact.
Kevin Clark: One item -- if I can just one item implying to your question. And I think Joe answered the question really well. I think as we look at our outlook for vehicle production in the back half of the year, we don't view it as overly conservative. And industries tend to run in trends, and seeing more rapid snap backs, and things like vehicle production that that's not something, although mathematically when you look at things, year-over-year from a growth rate standpoint. So for example, the decline vehicle production in China in Q3, 2018 and Q4, 2018 relative to the first half of the year you can mathematically arrive there. We think from an operational standpoint, it's tougher in reality for our customer base to do that.
Kevin Clark: Yes. Listen I -- know we've publicly stated in the past, we expect to have a driver out of the car first late, the first half 2020. And actually vehicles out from a commercial standpoint in 2022 with 2025 revenues of $500 million tied to automated driving for mobility services. So, our view of the technology, the maturity, the technology and the roll out of the technology quite frankly has not changed. We think it's something that there'll be great demand for the most significant applications. Early on, we'll be with mobility players or fleet owners and then later in 2020 as you know probably around 2030 you're going to see stepped up consumer demand just given the maturity of the technology and getting the technology to a commercial rate or commercial costs that consumers are willing to pay for it. So, our outlook quite frankly has not changed. I guess the one area where maybe it's changed a bit is with respect to level two plus, level three systems where we're now in the last 12 months seeing significant demand from several OE customers with respect to that technology. We won roughly seven programs last year in that area. So advanced ADAS is growing much faster than what we would have anticipated over a year ago and the AD market is right where we thought it would be.
Kevin Clark: Yes. There's significant investment related to launching those new programs. But it's in line with what our expectations were quite frankly when we bid on the programs when we won the programs and what we have had in our forecast and outlook, so, no change at all from our standpoint.
Kevin Clark: No. Listen, our active safety business is going to grow north of 50% this year and in fact we'd say we've seen an accelerated demand from our customer base. And I think for us when you look at the absolute numbers at some point you'll see slowing growth rate but it will be law of large numbers versus good customer demand or market penetration. I think it's important when you put in perspective globally, active safety I believe it’s roughly 15% penetrated globally and it's a technology that, one helps OE sell cars, two, they make a lot of money selling it, and three, once consumers have been in a car with an active safety solution the likelihood of them purchasing a car or replacing a car without it are slim and none. So we see tremendous growth opportunities going forward and have not seen any delay cancellation and that’s actually in the contrary.
Joseph Massaro: And Brian, just to get [Indiscernible] so this would be, this was the cross ECG [ph] and so this is -- there's some of this in Heller and tightness as well. We've typically through the industrial channel, we're able to push price easier than the automotive channel. It just takes a little bit of time and I would say move -- moves in his resins historically have been oversize where we've been able to sort of manage them in the sort of in the daily flow of sort of back and forth. This is a particularly high spike that we see lasting through the balance of the year. It's going to take a little more time to work through.
Joseph Massaro: Yes, David, I think the way -- the way to think about that you know when we talk about the FX Commodity impact, those and the majority of tariffs those all hit and SPS. Right. So it’s 90 plus percent of the numbers, those numbers that we talk about from at an app to what will actually hit that segment. So that's the majority of what you're seeing there from a flow through perspective. I think the other thing that's impacting that, again at a slow level and it's you know we've known it, and it's one of the reasons you know we're sort of in the Q1 guide. At the OI level, you've got the legacy business down 12% in China for example. You've got new business from KUM and Winchester coming in, but obviously at a lower -- rate given the deal amortization. So you've got a little bit of that, that going on. We’re in a typical -- you know a typical situation you wouldn't have China coming down so much, so you wouldn't necessarily see that that negative flow and we'd expect to start to lap that in the back half of the year. But the primary reason, when you think about SPS is the FX, the Commodity, the tariff hit that segment.
Joseph Massaro: That business, yes, that business should be, I mean, we talked about detrimentals 25% to 30% of that business would be closer to the lower end of that range.
Joseph Massaro: Yes, Chris, I would say over the course of March we saw European customer schedules come down significantly in Q2. Right. So we've got Europe down 9% in Q2. So there's a bit of when you talk through it with customers this Brexit uncertainty still out there. I think that has been kicked [ph] through October. You have RDE [ph] there may be a little bit of China contingent as well as some of the higher end models which in our European business we are on the bigger, the bigger platforms that are in some cases exported out. So I would say it's that combination of things as you look, the other you know and Kevin mentioned in his comments. The one thing we've tried to do is be very prudent on just how big that back half ramp gets. And when you looked at – when you look at China down 15 points now 11 in Q1 down again in Q2, a little bit more than we were forecast that half a point to a point. And now with Europe, we just wanted to make sure we were thinking probably about the business, planning accordingly, taken the actions and not just assuming this big snapback. And that's really what you've seen us work through Q2 in the back half of the year.
Joseph Massaro: Yes. Listen, our objective would be to get it back. Our objective would be to get it back to neutral as soon as we can. I think, there's a reality in terms of validating new materials with our OE customers that needs to be taken into consideration from a timing standpoint. Increase price. That's something that obviously needs to be negotiated and pushed through. That's a little bit tougher in a weaker environment quite frankly than it is in a harder environment. But we think between the two, we'll be -- we'll be able to offset it. Dan, we'll work real hard to pull that forward, and get it done as quickly as we can. But probably, the prudent thing is to assume it's not a net neutral or we're not at that point till year end. And then for next year, it means it's not a headwind. You don't have the same headwind from the – from a year-over-year standpoint.
Joseph Massaro: Yes, Dan, just to follow up, we're still at 2% price for the year. So we're not know -- we're again to Kevin's point we're sort of always working through that with customers but haven't seen any significant, haven’t had any significant changes on our expectations on price for the year.
Joseph Massaro: Yes. And so what we get. What we're seeing in the back half of the year is that flow starts to normalize right. We've got, we've got sort of for H2, the back half of the year. Flow returns though to more. You know we should be falling somewhere between 25% to 30% on an average quarter, some quarter is a little different. But that starts to return. So we start to make, we start to make up on that.
Joseph Massaro: There’s certainly more challenging. What are some of these transactional items, the FX or the tariffs, but I’d answer in sort of two parts, and then coming from certainly [Indiscernible]. When we talked about margin expansion, there were certain underlying things that had to happen in the business for us to get comfortable that we could continue to expand margins. Good examples active safety that business would continue to grow as it grew, it would expand margins. That we're certainly seeing. Right, active safety is going to be over, well over a $1 billion this year with low teens operating margins. And back you know in September 2017 when we provided sort of our thoughts on margin expansion that business had just was just about to break even. So things like that, high voltage is another very similar example of that. So, so the core underlying things that needed to happen in the product lines and how we run the business have happened. We are certainly dealing with sort of some of the FX and tariffs. We don't give up on those. They're hard to deal with in a particular quarter over a particular couple of quarters depending on how significant the move is. But you know we’ll continue to remain focused on that cost structure to work to offset those. But I'd say that the underlying product line growth the underlying business developments that needed to happen for us to be able to say we're going to grow margins is certainly taking place. Kevin I don't know.
Joseph Massaro: Yes. Listen, the 50 was last year, the 40s run rate just to be clear, the 40s run rate for 2019, $10 million of which will show up just given timing a portion of which relates to regions where you can't as quickly get people out. Yes, I mean, we have a cost structure and we have the ability to adjust that cost structure in response -- in response to one, how we manage the business, but to especially in times when you have a slowdown in vehicle production some of that naturally happens like direct labor when you take people out of the factory indirect labor things like things like that. There are other areas like corporate overhead that we've been working on, on a regular basis over the last several years and will continue to continue to work on. And then that last area is the engineering area and as we talked about earlier, that's an area that spending is up significantly on a year-over-year basis. I think we're up roughly $100 million between mobility spend and engineering spend in our ASU acts, principally our ASUEX and our SPS [ph] business. But we've gained tremendous traction from a market share and customer acceptance standpoint. So we've been reticent you know given the number of programs we've won, given how we're positioned to go after that in and out of any ordinary course way. Obviously, we're always focused on how do we make the engineering factory more efficient, more productive. But incremental reductions, restructurings those are things that we've shied away from. To the extent you had a protracted slowdown or you didn't see the snap back that's something that we'd have to evaluate in light of our customer commitments.
Joseph Massaro: No there's a lot of launch activities. Our China launches are up almost 70% year-over-year in the second half of the year. And launch in across all over a broad swath of our customer base. So there's just a lot of new products coming to market and in the back half of the year.
Joseph Massaro: No, I mean, cash will perform well on cash. We did take 50 million out of the outlook just as you know we've got these additional cost saving actions. So we're going to have to pay for those. So we wanted to -- we wanted to have a balanced perspective there, but now cash, cash working capital where we're performing in line with expectations.
Joseph Massaro: Yes. I know the moves still there. As we said, we were assuming tariffs. We're going to operate as if tariffs don't go away. We had an advantage in that the acquisition KUM had a similar product line on these media modules to what we needed to move out of China. So that process has begun. The production line stood up in Korea. We're in the process of but we're still manufacturing out of China but we're in the process of ramping in manufacturing samples for customer validation and customers starts to go into the plants to validate and approve the lines. When end of May, June so we'll know we'll be tracking as originally expected and that's what's -- that's what's in the guidance.
Joseph Massaro: Yes. I'd say the one thing that we certainly focus on ensuring the business does and this is to Kevin's comments about expanding mode or growing share. You know the more you do of these the better you get. And you've got resources capabilities in the organization and you can start to leverage as well. So again I think as we continue to do these we're starting to see that. I mentioned earlier that active safety OI margin for the year is going to be in the mid-teens that's burdened with its engineering expense. That you know we run the P&Ls sort of every top on its own bottom. So that's in those numbers.
Joseph Massaro: I think -- though that -- I understand the question on triangulation. So, if I had the answer that I'd say what they're seeing is our out growth, right. They're seeing increases in the content, particularly if you're on some of the higher end semi guys the GPU folks you know that's what we're seeing. I mean our active safety business is growing 50% this year. So there's -- that is how I would think it's triangulated. I haven't done that. I haven't walked it all through, but just off the top of my head and that's how I would think you should triangulate those logically.
Joseph Massaro: So that's sort of the organic and adjusted, you know we're seeing end markets we're seeing growth, CV is off to a really good start this year for us. We expect that to continue looking at about 18% adjusted CV growth for the year that's in both the ASUEX business where things like the infotainment user experience, active safety start to take hold. And then SPS also has a -- as has been increasing their product offering in the CV space. So we view that as a potential. That's a good sort of growth over market story for us too. We have that market grow into sort of 2% to 3% for the year or so. Strong out growth. As it relates to Winchester Mil-Aero continue to be strong. Other industrials are in line with our expectations. So continue to see sort of that play out according to plan as we work through diversification. I think our non-auto revenue this year will be close to 13%. If you go back a couple of years it was mid-single digits. So we have -- we are moving the needle from a from a revenue diversification which again is as you probably aware is part of plan as we think through cycle performance and how to make the business more resilient through certainly through the auto cycle and getting some revenue diversity.
Joseph Massaro: Yes. The bulk -- roughly 75% of our revenues are with the multinational JVs and then 25% with what you would consider to be the locals, when you look at that 25% that's with the locals literally 80% or 90% of it is with the top 10 or the largest OEs that are in China. So I would say we have very little very little if any business with the China start-up space at this point in time.
Joseph Massaro: Yes. Well, I think it's probably two, three years probably a little bit longer than that. But the reality is our view is now and has historically been that you need modalities to have you know -- we're going to have a tremendous amount of consolidation of compute power and quite frankly software and capability in the compute platform, so a fair amount will come out of the perception system that will be centralized. It will -- it will result in a much more powerful, much more effective, much more efficient and much lower cost solution for the OE. It's one of the models we've used quite frankly.
