Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'll wrap up on Slide 16 before we open it up for questions. While near-term headwinds are expected to persist into 2022 as Joe 's mentioned, we remain confident in our product portfolio aligned to the Safe, Green, and Connected Megatrends. As we reflect on our recent operating performance, it's clear to us that our relentless focus on innovation and flawless execution, is allowing us to better support our customers and is resulting in increased momentum related to new business bookings and strong market outgrowth, a further widening of our competitive moat, and a continued strong track record of delivering sustainable value creation.  As I mentioned at the start of our presentation, Aptiv's been on an exciting journey these last 10 years. But the team is even more excited about what we'll deliver over the next decade. Beginning with providing our customers with new, cost-effective, innovative solutions that enabled the future mobility that serve to accelerate the trend to a more safe, green, and connected world and translate into continued outsized returns for our shareholders. In summary, we remain laser-focused on continuing to build a more resilient business that consistently delivers for our customers and our shareholders over the next 10 years, effectively advancing our vision of the Company in 2025 and beyond. With that, let's open up the line for Q&A.
Kevin Clark: And Rod, this is Kevin. I'll take the second part of your question. I would break our activities to offset into 4 or 5 buckets. So, as we always do, we're constantly reassessing, reevaluating our cost structure and looking for opportunities both within supply chain, outside of supply chain to further reduce costs. We're in active negotiations with the supply base.  Situations like this, I guess one of the side benefits is, becoming much more strategic with your customers as it relates to supply chain, as well as more strategic with your supply base, which translates into quite frankly, fewer supplier relationships, deeper supplier relationships, more strategic supplier relationships which provide you with the opportunity to further optimize the supply chain and reduce costs. I think in the past we've talked about over a 100 program or product redesign activities that we have underway.  We we're substituting alternative inputs to platform solutions that will further lower those costs. And lastly, but equally important, we're having active discussions with all of our customers with respect to the cost of doing business in today's environment and the support we've provided to ensure that they remain connected from a supply standpoint. So those would be the 4 major buckets I would categorize things.  Then I would say as it relates to cost and cost structure, and it's important consistent with past, we continue to have -- to invest in growth opportunities, technologies that support growth opportunities in areas like software, in areas like active safety, in areas like high-voltage electrification, and think it's important to continue to do so even in light of the decremental margins that you talked about to do production interruptions.
Kevin Clark: I think it's tough -- I -- well, I think that -- I think it's a great question, a fair question. I think it's tough to do. In reality, we've -- over the last few years, we've seen accelerated demand for AF solutions, for high-voltage electrification, and other items. I think it's a little bit -- it's difficult to be precise or to precisely answer that question. Like Joe in the past has spoken to the fact that OEM customers, it appears as though are producing an overall richer product mix. But to the extent that's driven from the current supply chain crisis versus some of it's the overall trend in adoption of Aptiv safety high-voltage electrification, it's less than precise calculus.
Kevin Clark: I'll let Joe give a more precise answer. I think as you look at lessons learned, I'm not sure I'd characterize it as lessons learned as well as folks getting smarter overall about supply chain and a bigger push for greater visibility from customer to supplier, a better understanding or visibility to sub-suppliers in capacity, more committed volumes from the OEM down through the supply base so that capital is more effectively deployed, and then a trade-off of -- there will -- with that increased visibility, the reality is there will be areas where there will be more investment in inventory, but there'll be other areas where they'll be less.  So how that offsets are probably a little difficult to estimate at this point in time, but near-term, it likely translates into more inventory. And I think the question is just how much in a [Indiscernible] that on certain parts or certain products, without committed volumes, JIT Inventory Management doesn't work for certain parts. Joe.
Kevin Clark: to predict. And it's incrementally difficult predicting in situations like we're in now where you're seeing supply chain disruptions. Several of the individuals from an OEM standpoint that are responsible for that activity are engaged to some extent in managing overall supply chain disruption. But I think with a fairly high level of confidence, we see bookings for the calendar year north of $20 billion, $21 billion, $22 billion so given what we see on the table today.
Kevin Clark: I -- that's a great question. I think, by and large, every participant in the supply chain is reevaluating their role and potentially what they can do differently. Having spoken now several times to the leaders of all the semiconductor companies, one of the critical items that needs to be addressed is committed volumes, right? When you look at an industry that is highly capital intensive, Predictability of production is extremely important and it gets compounded in an industry with long lead times that's currently constrained. So, however, we transition to more of a committed volume model, at least for the medium-term.  Whether that's operating the way we historically operated with tiers being the primary face to the semiconductor players. Or it's OEMs working with the semiconductor players, as well as the tiers. Either can solve that problem. I think for us -- for Aptiv, we'll be flexible to operate in either scenario. I would say the one thing that will be different as we move forward is certainly more strategic relationships on the semiconductor side, which likely translates into deeper relationships, fewer semiconductor relationships that drive more volume in a more strategic relationship, both from a technology and a supply chain standpoint.
Kevin Clark: Dan, if I can just chime in just to underscore the point Joe makes but maybe at a higher level. You take a step back and in 2018, global vehicle production was close to a 100 million units and this year, global vehicle production will be under 80. And in 2018, revenues were $14.4 billion, this year we'll do $15.3 and when you look at our guidance as it relates to full-year EBITDA [Indiscernible] and EBITDA margins.  And you factor in the cost headwinds that Joe's walk through for 2021, be it supply chain or COVID and you look at the transition from where we were in '18 and where we are today in light of all these effectively macro challenges with incremental investment in advanced technologies. It just underscores the strength of the business model we've built in the fact that, "hey, maybe quarters are short periods of time". We go through macro disruption, but the underlying robustness of the business model, the cash conversion is extremely strong, if not better than what it was historically.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, listen. I think predictability of schedules is 1. 2. The execution on -- of the launch of the existing programs that we have that we're launching today is 2. The continued separation of software and hardware is three. And I guess the ongoing demand for the active safety, for the user experience, for the data and connectivity solutions that the segment provides. So, there's all sorts of tailwind there. Now having said that then, we've talked about some of the areas of opportunity in the future like SVA, like high performance compute areas, like software areas, where we feel like there's tremendous opportunity and if it makes sense, there are areas that we'll continue to invest in and some areas potentially increase investment in.
Kevin Clark: Listen, I think it's -- John, it's a great question and it's not easy. So, you're -- the point you make is a legitimate point, but it's an issue everyone across the supply chain, right, has to deal with from the OEM, all the way through to the wafer manufacturers. So, it affects every aspect of the supply chain. And if there isn't some level of baseline commitment and some level of products for some period of time. There's an amount of estimating that everybody in the supply chain is doing, and ultimately, you end up in a situation like we find ourselves in today.  So, I think on -- I think again -- I think we're from a supply chain standpoint, will be more strategic with customers and then through to Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 suppliers. The supply chain will be more integrated with more visibility. In exchange for that, they'll be more commitments at least on certain products for some agreed period of time. And that's the way the -- that's how we'll start to dig ourselves out of this for a more permanently address on some of the structural issues.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. We're working at it. I mean, under Joe's leadership, from a supply chain standpoint, I'd say we're working more closely. We've always worked closely with our customers and our suppliers. I think we're working more closely than we ever have. There are going to be areas where we're likely to carry incremental inventory, but there's likely areas where we'll actually have to carry less. And we're just -- we're all getting smarter about it. And unfortunately, we had the COVID -induced perfect storm that we're going through in 2021. But I think everyone's focused on how do we learn from it and how do we improve how we operate.
Kevin Clark: Yeah -- no. Listen, you got a great point, and we do business with a number of the players that you'd refer to as new battery electric vehicle companies. And I think in reality, across all of them, there's very little in the areas of what they produce, that kind of vertical integrations religion. Vertical integration tends to be an economic trade-off. To your point, we feel like we're well-positioned with both software and hardware capabilities. We have architecture capabilities. I think we would tell you based on our discussion with all those players, the reality is there are certain areas that are growing rapidly in the car from a content standpoint, like software.  And I think both in the software area and in the hardware area, OEM's whether the new OEM's or legacy OEM's, in reality are going to be dealing with fewer suppliers and a couple of the newer, the battery electric vehicle companies that we have relationships with, what they'll actually say, is more of the activity is actually outsourced from our standpoint today, but they are actually dealing with -- doing that with fewer suppliers. And that's, in our view, likely the trend that takes place and that's where we're working really hard to make sure that we're in front of that trend and we're able to benefit from it.
Kevin Clark: So, from a business standpoint, they're doing -- in technology advance standpoint, on the team, there's doing extremely well. A couple of comments broadly on AV is you know; we've always viewed autonomous driving as the furthest spectrum of full ADAS solutions. And we use our partnership with Motional as an opportunity to continue to test, to validate, to future proof technologies that we can pull into our current ADAS solutions.  And that's what we continue to do. We feel like at Aptiv, this is Aptiv, there's a lot of opportunity that remains in the L0 to L3 sort of ADAS framework. 60% of -- less than 60% of vehicles today have an AF solution on them. If you believe IHS, they forecast that increases to 70% by 2025, we actually believe it will be more than that. And the fastest growing area will be on L2 and L2 plus. So, I would tell you that's our biggest focus area.  Having said that -- and we're using motional as a resource to enhance the solutions that we use in the L2, L2 plus sort of space. And then concurrently we're working with Motional as well as have internal resources focused on L3 and beyond. Our view is that's -- that that's from a cost or commercial standpoint, that's likely beyond 2025, but it's certainly technology that we're focused on. And then it's a capability we want to make sure that we're positioned to have.
Kevin Clark: Great. Thank you, Operator. Thank you, everyone for joining us this morning. Take care and have a great rest of the day.
Joseph Massaro: Sure. Why don't I start with the decremental Rod, it's Joe. I think those that applies to SPS and implies overall to app to write Q3. I think obviously a very challenging quarter from a decremental perspective. Really there's a couple of things driving that and I will start by, obviously this is very lumpy when you just look at a one-off quarter. I said there's two real drivers. We saw volume fall off significantly in the back half of Q3.  Year-over-year, our view of vehicle production as will be flat to 2020, but the back half is going to be down by a little over 20%. So, there's a lot of volume coming out quickly. Obviously, there's only so much you can do with the cost structure, given such a short period of time that it's come down. But we have continued to incur the supply chain disruption costs. So, you've got not only revenue coming down quickly, but you've got a fair amount of supply chain disruption costs that are hitting in the quarter and will hit in the back half of the year.  So, the quarter had a sharp decremental. I think if you took a step back and looked at the full year, I think we're much more in line with our typical ranges of where we think incremental and decremental are, and what we've historically talked about. So that incremental of 18% to 22%, and decremental of 25% to 30% again, depending on how quickly volumes comes down. For the full year, I think the incremental are generally in line with that.  We're obviously picking up an impact from the overall supply chain -related disruptions. But much more in line with where we historically expect the business. But it's -- I think in a given quarter, particularly when you see the sharp moves and volume, and this isn't different from what we saw actually during COVID last year. We are going to run heavier on those decremental. And again, it applies to -- it really applies to those segments.
Joseph Massaro: Yeah, there is. We're working through that and as a part of our guidance for 2022, we'll talk about it. I think it's safe to say that you don't mitigate all of it in a 12-month timeframe, so there will be some amount of working through it. But as focused as we are on developing innovative solutions, we're, we have teams as, as focused on lowering overall costs.
Joseph Massaro: We do start to lap at Joe, so we had 40 million of supply chain disruption costs in Q4 of last year. You are right, we are picking up a lap where for the first 3 quarters of this year it was -- at specific to supply chain disruption costs. For the first time we're really incurring anything at that level. And then just thinking out a little bit here with everything going on and lessons learned and as we sort of turned to the cash, like you mentioned, the higher inventory. Is that something that is going to be a little bit more structural for you? That everyone sort of in the value chain will sort of carry a little bit more inventory, provide a little bit more buffer and
Joseph Massaro: So, Joe, on capex, there was a small push into next year. [Indiscernible] -- I think that 5% as an overall range is still good. There's been years we've been a little under, there will be years where we're a little over by not more than half a base, a half percentage point. I still think 5 is a good proxy. There has been a little movement around just as we work through some of the disruptions in the volume comeback, [Indiscernible], but I wouldn't say that's a material change.  On inventory, to Kevin's point, I think we're learning a lot. There is a fair amount if you just looked at sort of normalized our inventory, about half of the increase balance is, I would describe as really transactional. Production came down really fast in the back half of Q3. We were obviously given lead times. We were -- we had inventory on hand to produce to the original schedules.  That half I would describe as more transactional. Volume came down. We have higher inventory levels. We tend to be -- we tend to use the same inventory if you think about what we make resins for connectors, the electric distribution business, the chips we'll use to the extent we have them. So, it's more of a timing related to the production slip outs for about half that balance. To Kevin's point on the remaining balance, There is inventory on hand because lead times have extended. We're focused on making sure we have stock in some cases, you're -- if you've got a product that has 350 parts and you're waiting for one chip, you tend to have the other 349 in stocks, so you're ready to go once you get that chip.  So, there's -- there's that type. But certainly, the full investment that you see on the balance sheet, now, I would not think is representative of the investment that needs to be made, going forward. To Kevin's point, there probably will be some, but it's not going to be at that level. That was -- half of that was really the production disruptions.
Joseph Massaro: The drivers, they're very consistent with what we've been seeing. It's high-voltage and active safety of clearly leaders. SPS continues to benefit more broadly from the content ads into vehicles. Even if it's not our active safety system or other technology, that business has content on 1 out of every 3.5 vehicles manufactured globally. So, there's a really positive content tailwind there. And then the commercial vehicle and industrial businesses continue to be accretive to growth. We're having a really good year from a commercial vehicle perspective and would expect the product lines in that space to continue to grow and be accretive to growth over market.
Joseph Massaro: Yeah. Obviously still a lot of work in process as it relates to semiconductor pricing. It tends to be the price increases we're seeing now are really two-fold. We have seen some price increases on what I'll call the constrained chips. That I think will continue into next year. The other thing we're seeing at the moment, and I'd describe it as a bit of a sort of spot -by market. So even if they haven't institutionalized the price increases, just given the constraints, you are paying up for semiconductors.  Again, that total number is about 195. It's a mix primarily semiconductor and resin. And as I made in my comments, we're obviously making progress on some of the offset initiatives that Kevin just talked about. But at this point, we're not -- [Indiscernible] are not ready to talk about how much of that we see rolling into 2022. Some of it will, and when the offset actions start to take effect.
Joseph Massaro: Bookings have been strong year-to-date; we're running at record levels. Having said that, the timing of customer awards can be very lumpy, so it's sometimes a bit difficult
Joseph Massaro: Yeah. Let me -- Dan, It's Joe. Let me start. I think the best way, obviously, I'm not going to give any more information on 2022 where -- as I said in my comments were really -- it's very early days to be doing that. But from our perspective and we've talked about this, certainly the COVID and the supply chain related disruption costs, we do not view as structural. We think those are very much driven by the events of the day.  And as I said in my prepared comments, as supply chain and material flow return to the normal, would expect those costs to go -- to start to go away as well. If you look at 2021, I think it's a good proxy. We've historically talked about incremental margins on the OI line between 18% and 22%. This year, we'll be at 16% carrying $300 million plus of supply chain and COVID -related costs.  So, if you backed out that $300 million, we'd be closer to 24%. So very much within the historical range and the expected range, when you adjust for the COVID and the supply chain related disruption costs. Now as we said even last quarter, we -- we're not treating the inflation as transitory, the 195, so I wouldn't -- I'm not going to add that back, but I really focus on -- we get back into that 18% to 22% range with we're just adjusting for those COVID costs.  The other thing I've mentioned, we've got about $600 million again, we backed us out of the adjusted growth rate. But there's about $600 million of incremental volume from commodity and FX that has a negative flow on it, right? So, we've often talked about copper impacting margin rate, but it also obviously impacts the incremental rates. So again, just something to think about as you're working through the math. Right now, we see full-year material inflation of about a $195 million.  A lot of that has come in the back half of the year. I think the back half run rate is probably at least indicative of what we're managing for 2022. Again, not going to speak to how much we're able to -- we're able to offset, but certainly start with that 195 we're talking about, that full-year numbers is certainly what we're working on at the moment.
Joseph Massaro: yes, Ittai, let me go really quickly on the growth over market. Listen, it's a bit of the same dynamic we've really been wrestling with for the last couple of quarters, right? There's just a lack of visibility of customer schedules. We obviously saw it's hard to be overly precise at this point from a forecast perspective. Having obviously seen anything that would suggest that it's a -- that there's going to be a meaningful change downward. We've introduced the 10 plus for the year. To the extent the production holds at these levels.  And we continue to see strong mix. We're expecting another good growth over market quarters, shut target, call an exact number at this point, And Ittai with respect to your question about AV and [Indiscernible] I can't comment on others because AV is used differently by different OEMs or different suppliers. So, as you know, we have Motional, which is our joint venture with the Hyundai Motor group which is doing extremely well. Has driver-less vehicles being tested on roads today in Las Vegas, and elsewhere and we'll have fully driver-less vehicles and part of the Lyft network in 2023.
