Elena Rosman: Thank you, Anna. Good morning and thank you for joining Aptiv's second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. The press release and related table, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at ir.aptiv.com. Today's review of our financials excludes restructuring and other special items and will address the continuing operations of Aptiv. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures for both our Q2 financials as well our full-year 2021 outlook are included at the back of the slide presentation and the earnings press release. Turning to the next slide. During today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, which reflects Aptiv's current view of future financial performance and may be materially different from our actual performance for reasons that we cite in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings, including uncertainties posed by the COVID-19 pandemic and the difficulty in predicting its future course and impact on the supply chain and global economy. Joining us today will be Kevin Clark, Aptiv's President and CEO, and Joe Massaro, CFO and Senior Vice President of Business Operations. Kevin will provide a strategic update on the business, and Joe will cover the financials results and the updated outlook in more detail before we open the call to Q&A. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Clark.
Elena Rosman: The COVID costs last year were $100 million. And the supply chain inefficiencies are about $40,000 last year. 
Elena Rosman: And just to clarify, the second half outlook, the implied outlook implies a roughly 7 points of growth over market in the second half. 
Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'll now wrap up on slide 19 before opening it up for questions. As we reflect on the quarter and outlook for the year, it's clear that our relentless focus on innovation and flawless execution is allowing us to better support our customers and is resulting in stronger new business win rates, record bookings and faster revenue growth over market, further validating our industry leading portfolio of advanced technologies at the intersection of the safe, green and connected mega trends; strengthening the breadth and depth of our customer relationships, and thereby widening our competitive moat; and advancing our vision of the company in 2025 and beyond.  This will result in an improved and more predictable growth profile, increased profitability, driven by the leverage of our global scale and the flawless execution of the accretive growth opportunities that are squarely on the path of the electrified software defined vehicle, which results in the compounding of earnings and cash flow generation, and provides additional opportunities for value creation through the discipline deployment of cash.  We're well positioned to continue to outperform as a purpose-driven company with a roadmap to create significant value for our customers, employees and shareholders, leveraging our technology relevance, strong financial position, and the flexibility to constantly reinvent, reinvest in our people, in our processes and in our portfolio.  So, with that, let's open up the line for questions.
Kevin Clark: We've seen, I would say, post-COVID, with the acceleration on battery electric vehicles and customer demand for an increased portfolio of battery electric vehicles, an acceleration of the work in and around SVA.  I think the simple way to think about SVA, and we've always talked about it as a journey, right, starting with domain centralization, then moving to vehicle architecture simplification, and then, ultimately, to kind of encase SVA, which is post 2025. We break that down into three big product areas. And the first is zone controllers, and we've talked about the trend towards zone controllers, we've talked about our work in our actual commercial wins in and around zone controllers. The second is and around advanced development programs for PDCs. The third would relate to the CVC win with Great Wall Motors. And then the fourth is in and around the OSP.  So, we feel like we've checked the box on three of the first four stages as it relates to SVA. The four stages, that OSP, we're in discussions with several OEMs regarding advanced development programs in that particular area. And what's really important is all of those ADP programs ultimately translate into real commercial opportunities. And to the extent you're working closely and strategically with your customer, you're doing advanced development programs, you're helping them frame design of the vehicle, design of the architecture, both hardware and software, it puts you in a really good position to effectively be awarded the follow-on business.  So, a long winded way of – we've always described this as a journey. Sitting here today, we'd tell you is accelerated from where we thought it would be from a customer demand standpoint a little over a year ago. It's being driven by the trend towards battery electric vehicles and the opportunity to rethink vehicle architecture as you trend towards battery electric vehicles.  And we're well positioned just given our history in domain controllers, given our history in vehicle architecture and our capabilities in and around zone controllers and our activities with OEMs. The ADP programs that we we've had in and around PDCs, the award from Great Wall Motors on the CDC, and the discussions we're now having with OEMs in and around the OSP.  So, we have wins today, we have revenue today, if you were to think about the transition to SVA, but we think the real revenue opportunity is 2025 and beyond, as you see, multiple OEMs rethinking vehicle architecture and a much bigger push towards battery electric vehicles. 
Kevin Clark: The real drive for the CVC is around two things, the ability to up-integrate a number of the body functions, right? So, you're able to eliminate ECU. So that's one. And then the second piece is the ability to connect from a data standpoint. So it's the point for most OEMs where data will flow from the car to the cloud, from the cloud to the car. So, it really serves those two functions, the up-integration aspect and the data and communication aspect.  It's a big step. Overall, the way to think about it, it's a huge step in domain centralization, one, and the ability to have a software defined vehicle, two. Separate software from hardware.
Kevin Clark: Adam, Joe will take you through specific numbers. If you break down our revenues, a couple of ways to cut it. One, total automotive revenues represent roughly 85% of our total revenues, with 15% being non-automotive, some of which is commercial vehicle, a growing component, which is industrial defense, aerospace, other. When you break down our current revenues and bookings, we've seen an acceleration of both bookings and revenue. And I characterize it in two areas. One, the newer battery electric vehicle manufacturers, some of which are more mature and have been around in North America, some that are a little less mature and are launching vehicles now in North America, and then a significant swing and probably a bigger mix change, quite frankly, in China with our new battery electric vehicle customers that tend to be more domestic.  So, to put it in perspective, five years ago, 20% of our revenues and bookings in China were with local OEMs. Today, it's closer to 30%. A big piece of that is in and around some of the new battery electric vehicle companies. 
Kevin Clark: Adam, it's a potential opportunity. A reminder, our Motional joint venture partner HMG, obviously, is very focused and making meaningful investments in air mobility. The team at Motional is evaluating multiple markets in addition to the mobility on demand market. I think the general view is that that's a bit further out. So, in terms of meaningful investment, that hasn't been made at this point in time, but I think the team views it as real and an opportunity for potential future growth and is something that's under evaluation.  From an Aptiv standpoint, we do have exposure, as I mentioned, to military aerospace, principally in our SPS segment. Alternative markets is an area that we're certainly pushing in that particular business, and that particular business segment, but I would say the overall exposure today is relatively small.
Kevin Clark: To bring it up, remember, we have a user experience business within our ASUX business that does, in round numbers, $1.7 billion revenues and is growing at a fairly healthy clip this year. Last year was affected by – we exited the display business. So, we had a headwind there. But it's growing very strong. Integrated cockpit controllers and that whole digital experiences is a huge aspect of what we're doing from an SVA standpoint. ICC gets up-integrated as a part of our SVA solution. The whole in-cabin sensing is a very important aspect as it relates to advanced ADAS solutions, Brian. So, in addition to the experience in the car, the user experience in the car, the in-cabin sensor is necessary to advance to L2+, to L3, becomes increasingly important. And I think as we speak today, I think we're about to launch over the next 12 months on three or four in-cabin sensing programs that are tied to effectively ADAS capabilities. And I think in my prepared remarks, I referenced one OEM that, as we are launching their ADAS solution now, the next phase of it is actually that fully integrated in-cabin sensing that allows them to further advance their driver assist capabilities. So, it's extremely important and it's a very important aspect as it relates to SVA.  As it relates to software, we're trying to be really smart in terms of where we focus our resources and capital. I think Joe's mentioned in the past that acquisitions in and around the software space are additive to what we do today that help us to either productize software or give us capabilities to develop incremental features. Whether it's inside auto or outside auto is one of the areas that the team is very focused on. It's something that obviously we'd like to do, but it needs to make strategic business and financial sense, obviously.
Kevin Clark: If I can add two things to it, I think structurally, set aside semiconductor shortages, resin tightness, things like that, the reality is L2, L2+ category with an active safety is the fastest growing segment and was predicted to be pre the current supply chain situation. So, that obviously drives growth. Consumers want safety, they pay for safety. And Joe's point, in a market like today's market where our customers need to be – need to make decisions about vehicle platforms they're building, they're focused on fully contented vehicle platforms. So, I'm sure that's driving some benefit. But the underlying structural trend is towards more advanced ADAS systems, which an L2 system for us goes to an OEM for $1,000, $1,200. So it's a significant amount of revenue.  The other piece, though, is high voltage electrification. High voltage electrification revenues will increase 60% this year. And we talked about, in our prepared remarks, going from under a billion dollars of revenues to $2.5 billion in revenues based on our current bookings trajectory. And if you follow what they're driving in Europe from a CO2 emission standpoint, the discussions out of the current administration here in the US in terms of what they'd like commitments from North American OEMs to deliver from a battery electric vehicle standpoint, there will be a significant pull and demand for high voltage electrification, which we're perfectly positioned to benefit from.
Kevin Clark: It's kind of a multi-layered question. So, when you separate or when you look at the current supply chain constraints, and if you want to say specific to semiconductors, but there are effects in other areas like resins, an example, it's multi-layered. One is just capacity versus demand. And in the semiconductor side and the resin side, we are seeing supply come in, into the market being provided to IDMs. And we're in daily contact with the semiconductor suppliers, the fab folks across the whole supply chain, from a semiconductor standpoint. So, that is improving.  You have a situation where, earlier in the year, you had bad weather in southwest. You'll reference that, it impacted supply availability late Q1 and into Q2. You had the Naka fire in Japan in the first quarter that had implications for the second quarter. That situation is improving. Production is coming online. Not as fast as we'd like, but it's certainly improving.  However, you're running into situations like today, where you have COVID challenges in Southeast Asia, most specifically today in Malaysia, that's interrupted production with some of the semiconductor suppliers. That is affecting availability of chips over the short term. That will impact schedules. We're watching Indonesia, we're watching Philippines, we're watching Singapore, Taiwan very closely. Those areas seem to be under control.  But the supply chain is tight. In any sort of event, you see why COVID in Malaysia has an outsized impact relative to what typically would occur. So, we'd say, structurally, the situation is improving, but there's going to be periodic headwinds that we potentially run into due to things like COVID.
Kevin Clark: I'd break it down because I think it's important. There's an element to the – since supply comes in more normalized into the market, you see a pretty rapid reduction in premium freight and labor inefficiencies, right? Joe talked about. We go through a really choppy production schedule now, given what OEMs are doing from a production standpoint and very near-term announcements, which really don't allow us to flex labor as efficiently. And we're launching a number of programs. And in certain cases, to be honest, we're keeping extra labor to make sure, as programs come back, we have trained hourly employees to actually launch those programs, firstly.  The second piece we're doing from an input standpoint, which Joe talked about, is something that we need to work through over a longer period of time. We have a supply chain operating committee that really does two things. One, supply chain and commercial specialists who are focused on, one, day to day, how do we make sure that we keep customers connected with our suppliers, and then, two, longer term, what is it that we need to do strategically working with engineering. And we have a number of engineering initiatives underway. I'd say close to 100, where we're redesigning products, changing out input costs, or inputs to, one, provide additional incremental availability or capacity, but, two, to reduce overall expenses.  Now, those tend to take a little bit longer to do. One, they're harder, they're more complex; two, they ultimately need to be validated by the customer. So, that's an area that we're very much focused on. So, although it's going to be a challenge to work through, it's something that we're certainly focused on reducing and ultimately eliminating. 
Kevin Clark: I would say the resource allocation is more incremental. Fortunately, we feel like we have a portfolio that's perfectly positioned across our two segments to pursue and win very profitable growth, whether that's active safety, whether it's user experience, whether that's high voltage electrification or engineered components. And in certain areas, obviously, we make decisions about where we allocate more or less. I'd say, as a business, we're at a point now, given the portfolio actions we've taken historically, where it's not pulling out of others, out of one product area and allocating to others. It's quite frankly incremental investment in areas where we see more growth. So, high voltage electrification is a great example.  Last year, as we saw demand increase within our SPS business, reporting to our SPS leader, we created effectively a high voltage electrification product line that includes a combination of what we do in our EDS business, in our engineered components business, as well as in our HellermannTyton cable management business with a complete go-to-market. And we're aggressively looking for opportunities in and around power electronics, battery management systems, software, other areas that customers are asking us, if we can provide them a more additive full system solution. So, that's an area where we're adding resources in and around smart vehicle architecture, those that sit within ASUX, those that sit within EDS, we're both adding and reconfiguring how we operate, right, so that we have a more coordinated team that can develop products, whether they flow through ASUX and it's an ADAS solution that ultimately fits into – an ADAS platform that sits in our SVA solution. Or it's something in and around battery management systems that gets up-integrated into SVA.  So, there are areas we're making incremental investments. There aren't areas other than the normal efficiency drives that we're taking investments away probably from. And a lot of what we're doing, Dan, quite frankly, is reconfiguring how we make sure two separate organizations are cooperating and working together to drive a product or build a product that goes across historical business lines.
Joseph Massaro: Just a little bit more context. I don't have the exact number. I think at this point, if you think as sort of traditional OEs, it certainly depends on where you put Tesla, obviously, but in that 90% plus. It's obviously concentrated in the newer technology. So, if you think of sort of just a – to look at cumulative bookings over the past five years, there's $10 billion of the total, call it, around $100 million of cumulative bookings over that time period, about $9 billion of it's high voltage, close to $20 billion of that is in active safety. Obviously, just given the way the market is, a strong concentration of the legacy OE, but very much positioned in the newer tech that's going on to those vehicles in a meaningful way from a bookings perspective.
Joseph Massaro: At least, for us, the sort of what I'll call the lot hold inventory is not particularly large numbers. So, that's certainly not big enough to move growth over market on the back half of the year. I do think we're seeing very strong product mix, obviously, which is certainly helping growth over market in this year. As well as, as Kevin mentioned, just the high voltage and active safety growth. So, there's certainly elements of that that will carry into 2022. Not clear at this point. Obviously, don't want to get into next year. How much of that margin mix will carry in? So, there's a couple of moving pieces there. It is real. It's not some sort of lot hold that's driving up back half. And we obviously had a very strong first half of growth over market as well. So, I do think certainly we've been confident in that 6% to 8% for a long time. But just given the strength we're seeing again, with the addition of sort of this margin mix that's going on as OEs really decide how best to allocate effectively the semiconductors to platforms, it's obviously been a really good tailwind for us this year. 
Joseph Massaro: It's obviously a very fluid situation, right? And to some extent, in this quarter, we're just sort of talking about the COVID and supply chain costs on a combined basis because, to some extent, they're starting to blur. If you're incurring a lot of premium freight getting parts out of the way, getting semiconductors out of Malaysia because a plant has been shut down with COVID, sort of which one do you want to call that?  But we actually have seen – have in some cases where we talked about $100 million of COVID costs for the year running at $25 million a quarter. That's coming down a little bit, and it's just in some places, that's come down about $20 million for the back half of the year. Really there, we're still spending what we need to on the personal protection stuff. But some of the just inherent inefficiencies that came with – I'll say the first take on social distancing and spacing out the plants and some of the inefficiencies that's created, the team has found better ways to manage through that. So, some of those COVID costs have sort of eased a bit. We're obviously not going to speak to 2022. We have made the comments before, though. I would expect COVID costs certainly to continue into 2022. And as I said, we're now expecting about $80 million of that for the full year. I think that would continue. You're clearly seeing vaccinations matter. And it's a little hard to call vaccination rates in all of the places where we do business. So, I think out of an abundance of caution, we're certainly going to leave the employee protection costs and spend that money until we're really comfortable where we're not putting employees at risk.  The supply chain disruption costs, those are directly tied to, in a lot of cases, premium freight, expedited manufacturing. There's obviously some inefficiencies now creeping into our plants as customers shut down for periods of time. And we're not necessarily causing the shutdowns, but we're obviously impacted by them. And that impacts – think about the indirect impact there. That impacts SPS as well because as customers shut down lines for three or four days, we're obviously shutting down that part of the business as well.  So, I think those costs need to – you need to sort of align those with how long you think the supply chain disruptions are going to continue. 
Joseph Massaro: It's not an issue. It's just the way the escalations work. So, the rate impact was, call it, sort of 60 basis points. We did have a dollar impact of copper, round numbers, $40 million in the quarter. And that's basically the timing of the way our escalations work, right? So, we have to buy copper, obviously. Our price adjustments to customers generally happens on a quarterly basis, some are monthly, a couple are semi-annually, but they average out to be mostly quarterly adjustments. So, we've reset those prices to what we were buying at in Q2, and will obviously have less of an impact going forward, assume there's some reasonable amount of stability in rates.  We've had this in the past. You can have it going the other way, too. If you have a big move in price over a relatively short period of time, particularly just given the fact that our volumes have been going up, we've been buying a lot of copper, you get the timing between buying the copper and resetting prices with customers, but that happens automatically, it's contractually for about 80% of the spend. So, that's essentially been passed through or being passed through as we speak.
Joseph Massaro: I think that's the way to think about it. I think on the full year, we'd expect copper to be probably between $70 million and $80 million of that, with 75% of that impact in the first half of the year because we were going to be resetting prices. And you've got resin ticking in, semiconductor kicking in. There's some other input costs that are going up, but those are the two main ones in that category.
Joseph Massaro: Listen, there's a couple of things. I would say, generally speaking, it's sort of just the normal – and I say normal, sort of pre-COVID, the sort of existing business, just the lapping of launch cycles. And we obviously had some strong launch and snapback activity in the back half of last year, particularly in China. And you see some of that ebbing. That's a bit of more of a year-over-year.  I'll tell you, the first – and this was primarily isolated in the first quarter. There were a few points of growth, and we talked about it at the time, just related to what I'll call sort of the channel replenishment in the engineered components business. Obviously, creating a favorable mix, we talked about it being worth about 4 points of the outgrowth in Q1. That was really isolated to Q1. We didn't see much of that at all in Q2, and don't expect it in the back half. So, that's another sort of just a first half/second half delta.
