Kevin P. Clark: Thanks, Joe. Let me summarize on Slide 22 before opening the call to Q&A.  We delivered another solid quarter, driven by continued strong demand for industry-leading technologies and solid operating execution. This positive momentum gives us confidence in our increased guidance for the full year, which reflects the strength of our first half financial results. We continue to work tirelessly on increasing the efficiency and the flexibility of our cost structure and have been focused on positioning our business for the future as we work towards completing the spin-off of the Powertrain business. We're encouraged by the overwhelmingly positive feedback from customers, from partners and from our employees that we have received since announcing the spin-off transaction, which reinforces the industrial logic and the significant growth opportunities on the horizon for both companies. Each company will benefit from strong foundations of industry-leading advanced technologies, favorably aligned to evolving industry trends, each with increased flexibility to pursue strategies that will better position them to solve their customers' biggest challenges, resulting in accelerated revenue and earnings growth and increase shareholder value. We look forward to sharing more with you on that front at our upcoming Investor Day on September 27.  So with that, I'm sure there's some question. Let's open up the line, operator, to Q&A please. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, Rod, if I can chime in. On the growth piece, to Joe's point, we've talked about light-duty diesel. And obviously, that's a headwind. So we have about $1 billion -- just under $1 billion of light-duty diesel business. About $600 million of that is specific to light-duty diesel in Europe. We see that declining. Joe talked about the light-duty diesel growth rate but declining at kind of low to mid-single digits over the next couple of years in Europe, which basically equates to a, call it, $300 million headwind as it relates to light-duty diesel. We think there's a portion of that light-duty diesel business that continues to grow outside of Europe or within Europe and globally on light commercial vehicles. And then, as we've said, we've seen strong growth in heavy-duty diesel, medium-duty diesel and certainly Powertrain electrification that more than offset the headwind related to light-duty diesel. With respect to Powertrain and capital structure, and Joe should chime in on this. Listen, our capital allocation strategy as a company, we think, is best-in-class. We think it's served us well, and we would expect the Powertrain business to continue with a very similar strategy on a go-forward basis. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, Joe, I think, it underscores, quite frankly, the strength of that Powertrain business. And it gets back to the question that Rod asked with respect to capital structure, right, that at the end of the day, what's important for us is that we position this business to pursue the opportunities that are in front of it to appropriately service customers and to invest. And there's some terrific opportunities on the side of GDi and variable valve train and power electronics and others that are really going to drive growth there. As it relates to RemainCo, similarly, RemainCo is the larger base number in absolute terms. So you got to a bit careful of percentages. But when you look at the growth opportunities in active safety, 50% plus, when you look at infotainment growth in the area of 15% to 20%, when you look at high-voltage electrification on the Electrical Architecture side extremely strong. And then engineered components growth, you have very, very solid growth businesses within each business' portfolio. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, I can walk through that. So listen, I -- we've had a long-term relationship with Audi, as you know. We've been working on the Z-Fast controller with them over the last couple of years. As you know, it just launched and will continue to launch over the next year or so. And when you look at it, there's both, what we call, a Z-Fast light as well as a Z-Fast high-end configuration. So the light basically reflecting Level 2, the higher end reflecting Level 3. Content on it includes drivers seat sensor module. It includes camera and visioning technology. It includes a controller itself. It includes radar technology, ultrasonic sensing as well as some of our connections in Electrical Architecture systems. So it's a very robust, very robust product. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, listen, I'm -- yes, and I'm familiar with that argument. And listen, a number of those players who are allegedly coming in and taking over the industry, coming into the industry are, quite frankly, partners that we do business with. I think one of the recognitions from both the technology players outside of the industry as well as the industry itself is the complexity of performance, complexity of quality, the complexity related to how you need to architect the vehicle to do all the things that the industry consumers are asking vehicles to have, whether it be autonomous driving or active safety or infotainment or more clusters in a car. All that requires more signal distribution, higher compute powers. And those are areas where, typically, those players don't have those capabilities. Players like us do. I would say, to be candid with you, that is a space where actually, based on our dialogue with customers, we're seeing less or fewer competitors. And that if you're not a player who has a meaningful position in areas like active safety today, which we think the incremental benefit of being in the Electrical Architecture business puts us in a very, very unique position, that is really an area that's overly complex and too difficult to get into because you're really talking about the underlying architecture of the vehicle. And that's something that, David, that we'll, quite frankly, talk -- you'll hear us talk more and more about including at the Investor Day in September. 
Kevin P. Clark: Well, listen, the -- as we've talked about before, the data opportunity in this industry is huge. And as an industry, we've just scratched the surface. We think mobility on-demand and specifically the business opportunities we have -- the fleet management firms or what I'd call the mobility on-demand providers, put us in a position where there's both opportunity within the vehicle from a data standpoint, but there's also real opportunity outside the vehicle. And those are the -- those are what we are evaluating now. Those are the reasons why we're doing these smart city pilots with a select group of partners. And you'll hear us talk more about our plans as we firm them up. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, Brian, I think that's a great question. Listen, I -- Tesla is, as you know, an important customer of Delphi. We're their primary wire harness provider, I would say. So they're certainly a customer that we're familiar with from a strategy standpoint. I think as it relates to their current dialogue about wire in the car, I mean, the reality is, from a manufacturing standpoint, simplification and automation in a cost standpoint, they're trying to reduce the amount of wire in the car. On the flip side, the number of flex circuits and other cables that's necessary to optimize that, quite frankly, adds content, at least, near term. I think, as it relates to the dialogue about architecture within the industry, I think it's a dialogue that you're starting to see -- we're starting to have more discussions with, principally, as you can imagine, with the European and, principally, with the European German luxury OEs. And I think I believe it's really the realization of everything going into the car requires an architecture that is somewhat different, you optimize signal distribution, that you have more compute power, and software is a bigger competent of the overall value proposition or what's necessary to drive the technology and drive the capabilities. And that's something, quite frankly, beginning with Audi a couple of years ago and the Z-Fast controller, that's something that we're front and center with, with a number of OEs today and it's, quite frankly, something that we're trying to drive. 
Kevin P. Clark: Well, listen, I think Z-Fast [ the first ] will have more that are -- that will be coming  out in 2019 and beyond. I think in terms of real meaningful change to the architecture of the car, that's out 5-plus years, right? That's as you'll see more adoption of Level 3 and then ultimately Level 4, Level 5 autonomous driving. And you'll see more displays, more content going into the infotainment system and into the cockpit. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, and just to be clear -- just to be real clear on it. The revenue growth in that business back half is really affected by 2 discrete items, and it's North America-specific and it's passenger car-specific and it's truck turnover. They moved through it to a new platform. So it's very discreet, and it's for a very short period of time. And as you look at 2018, you'll have a business that returns to growing, as we said historically, roughly to maybe a little bit 2 points over the market. So the E/EA revenue growth from the back half of this year is very discrete. As it relates to overall accelerated growth over the market, listen, I think at Investor Day and not to steal the thunder, I think you're going to hear us continue to say, we got strong bookings, we're in strong positions. But I think our guidance on a go-forward basis is we're going to continue to commit to roughly 5 points of growth over the market because we don't, in fact, control some of the decisions that OEs make as it relates to production schedules. And we always want to be in a position where, quite frankly, we're not explaining why organic growth isn't as strong and in a position explaining why it was better than what we originally forecasted. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes. I think if you look at our bookings and growth in bookings on key technologies, you look at revenue growth rates on key technologies, both within what will be RemainCo as well as Powertrain, again, I think it's fair to surmise and look at it and say that the profile of both businesses are higher growth. However, having said that, again, we don't control vehicle production schedules by OEs. And we want to limit the situation or the risk of ever having to explain to you folks why growth wasn't what we communicated. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes. I think they're working to reduce the amount of length, I can confirm that. I'm not going to give specifics as to exactly how much. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes. Listen, yes, I think, at the end of the day, from an architecture standpoint, we don't just provide wire, right? So I think at the end of the day, when you talk about what's going into a vehicle from a complexity standpoint, when you talk about everything that they're putting in from a technology standpoint, the reality is that requires more complex architecture, which is a mix of not only length of wire but type of wire, whether it's carbon fiber or copper as well as number of connection points. So as you look at content growth for Delphi on those vehicles over a period of time, that specific OE, content growth has actually increased from a broad architecture standpoint. 
Kevin P. Clark: We have -- I guess, in theory, we could have a relationship. I don't have anything to confirm. We don't have a relationship today. I don't know your what your question is alluding to. 
Kevin P. Clark: No, Ryan. It's fine. So not to -- and we maybe caused confusion with you. Quite frankly, the power electronics business, which is powertrain-specific electrification, so outside of Electrical Architecture high-voltage wiring connectors, had historically sat within our E&S business. About a year ago -- a little over a year ago, we moved that into our Powertrain business because there was more dialogue with powertrain experts within our customer base about power electronics. And given that, that was where the customer interface moved to, we thought it would best fit within that Powertrain business and that Powertrain segment. So within Powertrain, we have the traditional powertrain product line from a gas fuel injection, diesel fuel injection and powertrain products, power electronics as well as the aftermarket business, which is principally powertrain product-related. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes.  Listen, on -- electrification is good incrementally for both businesses. So let me start with that. So both benefit -- both businesses benefit, whether it's full EV or it's mild hybrid or its plug-in hybrid. It is a positive trend for both. The content per vehicle opportunity is well in excess of what our average CPV is today on a vehicle, whether it has an internal combustion engine or related to low-voltage Electrical Architecture, which is in a standard car. To the extent vehicle electrification ramps up, it's a net benefit for both businesses. The ability for it to accelerate, there is an opportunity there. But I think you need to think about infrastructure and other things that, quite frankly, will limit the amount of -- or the ability to accelerate things to some certain level. As it relates to commercial vehicle, our view on electrification and commercial vehicle from an industry standpoint is there's an opportunity there for light commercial vehicle, maybe for last mile on heavy-duty commercial vehicle, Class 8 commercial vehicle. But just given the dynamics in that industry and that market, it's going to be a diesel -- heavy-duty diesel business for quite a long time. 
Kevin P. Clark: David, I'm not sure I can give you an exact number. It's obviously a big market. It's growing roughly mid-teens. Every OE is focused on it. And if you can imagine at a 50% growth rate in revenues and roughly the same from a bookings standpoint, we're getting all the business that we can pursue at this point in time when you look at allocation of resources. 
Kevin P. Clark: Yes, it's a mix. I say we're seeing more activity -- or the area that we're more focused on, quite frankly, are areas where we have integrated cockpit controller so where we start with the architecture. So yes, Joe was saying, they tend to be mid- to high-end. It's about compute power, it's about graphics capability, and it's about scalability. So we're really focusing our efforts on strategic relationships that the medium to high-end sort of infotainment levels where contents going to grow and you're going to see more displays in the car. 
Kevin P. Clark: Listen, we have a solid win rate. Bookings levels have been extremely strong this year. Opportunities are a little bit more back half-loaded than what they've been in previous years, but we have some significant opportunities that we think we're in a great position to [indiscernible]. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes. Rod, so yes, I think, listen, when we talk about Electrical Architecture, there's a couple of things. We obviously have been discussing some pass car cancellations in last year as we set guidance that primarily impacted that business. We're continuing to see softness in pass car in North America, some in the first half. We expect a little more in the second half. And then we're going through to fairly significant truck SUV launches at the moment that will really come in, in '18. So we sort of got the costs in a lot of them, the wind-down of the older model to deal with this year and the expected ramp coming next year. So with respect to revenue, would expect that business to, primarily because of North America and the items I just discussed, have similar to slightly down revenue for the balance of the year. We will see margin expansion for the year, though, in that business. They've done a nice job with performance, so we're still expecting that business to be up about 30 basis points of margin on a year-over-year basis. So this quarter, a little flat, just given the timing of some of the production cuts versus some of the launch costs. But on a full year basis, still expect margins to expand 30 basis points. 
Joseph Massaro: Sure. So we're still on track for the $50 million to $60 million for the year. We see that ramping in the back half of the year. So about 60% of it will be spent in the back half. That's what you see coming out in the E&S margin. And in Q2, that was worth, as I mentioned, about 100 basis points of margin expansion in the E&S business. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, right -- let's hit the growth rate first. A mid-single-digit growth is where we see this business of between 4% and 6% over the next couple of years. Again, strong trajectory in the gas technology businesses and the power electronics, helped by commercial vehicles certainly this year. Also, light-duty diesel is still down about 3%. So from what we're seeing, very consistent with our guide on that and would not expect that to change. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, Rod, over the course of the quarter, we have firmed up discussions with rating agencies and such. So it's consistent, I think, with our initial thoughts that this would be a high-quality sub-investment grade sort of, call it, BB-type company from across the board from the agencies, very much aligned with expectations. And we'd expect RemainCo post-spin to hold these ratings. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes. Yes, no, it is -- yes, no it's going to be [indiscernible]. It's going to be about a left pocket, right pocket. So I would think both of them -- think both businesses right around 2x leverage and just basically shifting the burden -- the debt burden to Powertrain commensurate with the EBITDA move over. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes. I think that's the right assumption, Joe, and it's mostly North America. It's -- and it's 2 things. I think we've planned -- we've got a big truck SUV transition we're working through. And I think we've mentioned before in the past, that's going to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. But we're on the old platform and we're on the new platform. So we may bounce a little bit from a quarter-to-quarter perspective, but we'll come out in a very good place on the new platform. We've got another large truck launch that's going to hit in '18 in that Electrical Architecture business. So we were working through that. I think what we're now seeing is just slowdown in North American pass car. I think a couple of BOEs have talked about it last week. We went from Q2 sort of normal -- what I'd call normal levels of summer shutdowns, and we're starting to see increase and have been notified of increased shutdowns. But again, I think this is all public in terms of what they're talking about. That's basically what we're reflecting on that revenue guide. 
Joseph Massaro: I think it's the other way around, Joe. We had originally accrued a higher number just based on our estimates. And then the settlement of $310 million was a little better than that. So you see the $17 million coming back in the second quarter. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, so Itay, we're -- in North America, Holdco is about 65% SUV truck versus pass cars. So we've worked very hard to position that -- the business in that way over the last few years, and that continues to hold and hold well. Its bookings, quite honestly, probably actually a little stronger than that as you look out over the truck programs we're launching. So that looks good. I think as we think about the North American market for the year, we're thinking, as I mentioned, it's down 2 points for the year. Delphi revenue growth, I would call it, 2.5 points above market. So 0.5 point to a little bit better than that. 
Joseph Massaro: Brian, I think on the restructuring that we've talked, that's really, for 2017, that we expect the business to be up well over 100 basis points for the year. That's really where the restructuring benefits come into. Next year, we'd expect it to return more to our normal expected margin expansion, call it, 20 to 40 basis points. So this is really where you see the year of the step change. Commercial vehicle revenues were up about 20% in the quarter, very strong North America helping that. And I actually think it's a -- it's strong North America, but it's also representative of the types of customers we have. We're on very strong global players, global platforms from a CV perspective in our Powertrain business. 
Joseph Massaro: No, you won't -- Chris, we won't wait that long. I mean, even in '18, you'll see a bump-up in growth just as we get through the truck SUV transition and pass car settles out. So this business will have the growth over market. I think there is -- it comes from its -- in part, from its scale, its platform concentration on higher contented vehicles Audi Q7s, GM truck SUVs. We'll be launching another big North American truck platform next year. So that growth will come back in '18. As I said, this, for us, is a -- the confluence of the truck transition, which we knew about and was factored in on top of the pass car decline in North America. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes. No, that's total, Adam. And it's Joe. This for a lot of years. I mean, we're at this point, either own or majority control all the operations in China and have fully consolidated them. So that's the all-in number. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, that's correct. It's the full product line. So your inverters, converters, those types of battery packs, those types of products. 
Joseph Massaro: I mentioned earlier, we have high confidence in that mid-single digit range. That accounts for light-duty diesel deterioration being offset by growth in the heavy-duty diesel business as well as the power electronics and the gas technologies. I think in -- the way to think about it, if you focus on that roughly $950 million of revenue -- light-duty diesel revenue in Powertrain, about $550 million of that is pass car. So it's a relatively small number when you start to frame it. The rest light-duty diesel is actually commercial vehicles not under the same types of pressures sort of, what I call, political and social pressures is light-duty pass car. So that's $550 million we see coming down and say it halves over the forecast period. So your -- we can ring fence that revenue leakage pretty -- it's a pretty straightforward calculation. 
Joseph Massaro: And we expect it to grow over its life, too. They typically do. They'll add more content as the vehicle matures. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, I mean, it's -- so level of activity -- multiple questions. Level of activity, absolutely. And our win rate on that level of activity, I think we're close to 100% on the programs that we're bidding on. So level of activity has certainly gone up. What's driving that is really democratization of active safety and further penetration in the more mature markets and then more rapid adoption in emerging markets like China. So we foresee, as we talked about, active safety growing over 50% this year and continue to 50% clip next year. So very, very strong growth. What levels it tends to be, anywhere between Level 1 and what I'd call Level 2 plus, there are some programs like Z-Fast that have 3 capabilities. But those are -- those tend to be rarer and tend to be with the luxury German OEs today. 
Joseph Massaro: Yes, that $1.2 billion win in Q4 that we announced of the German luxury OE, that was a conquest win at a very -- on a very high-end system. So we think our product offering and our ability to take sort of the centralized computing know-how we have into that infotainment space is helping to drive that. 
