Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'll wrap up on Slide 20 before opening the line up for questions. As the management team reflects on 2023, we expect the pace of innovation to continue to accelerate and drive ongoing transformation across industries. Aptiv is perfectly positioned to benefit from this change, having identified the safe, green and connected megatrends over a decade ago. We have purpose built our portfolio to provide flexible, high-performance and cost-effective solutions that address our customers greatest challenges, all on a global scale. At the same time, we remain committed to flawless execution and operational excellence, enabling us to unlock incremental profitability and deliver value to our shareholders. In closing, I am proud of what the Aptiv team accomplished during 2023, and I'm excited about what we will deliver in the years ahead. Operator, let's now open the line for questions.
Kevin Clark: No, listen, I think you captured. I think, to the point Joe made, we'd say the bigger headwind quite frankly is labor inflation, especially in places like Mexico, relative to growth rate from high voltage electrification. Just to remind everybody, although it looks like adoption has slowed, growth rate is still on a relative basis, extremely high. So, just want to remind everybody that we are believers on the ongoing trend of the penetration of electrification in the automotive space.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, maybe I'll start. Listen, Joe, your observation is a good one. Listen, our primary focus is on continuing to invest in the business for profitable growth. We'll underscore that. We feel like we have a very strong competitive position. We feel like there are opportunities to further widen the competitive moat. So, those are opportunities that we will continue to evaluate. But to the extent those opportunities don't present themselves, we'll certainly look at returning incremental cash to shareholders. So, we'll strike that balance. But it's important that we have some level of flexibility to react when opportunities present themselves.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, maybe I'll add, Chris, a couple of items, just -- part of it is just the evolution of our business, if your question is specific to China, right? So, when you look at, as an example, 2023 bookings in China, roughly 60% of those were with local OEMs. Our focus is on players like Geely, like BYD, like Changan, like some of the leaders. We are careful with respect to overall exposure, and we want to make sure that we're with players that could grow in China and then highly focused on those that we feel are well positioned to export and are interested in exporting, just given the nature of what we're able to bring. When you look at 2023 revenues, we were roughly 40% domestic OEMs, just under 60% from a multinational standpoint. That moves to 50% in 2024 and continues to kind of increase up north of 60%, 70% over the coming years. So that mix, at least from a current list of winner standpoint, improves.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, I think we were in a unique situation in 2023 where we saw a significant swing. Joe made the point. I think he's absolutely right. We as a team think we're absolutely right, that you're going to see that more balanced on a go-forward basis in terms of year-over-year change. What we're trying to do is just make sure we're balanced across multiple customers, but ensuring they're the right customers. And there are, for example, some of the global JVs that are better positioned than others. And there are certainly some very strong local Chinese OEMs who are doing extremely well in the China market but have come to us with a real focus on how do we assist them, how do we enhance our capabilities to take product outside of China into principally Europe at this point in time.
Kevin Clark: So, Rod, at a high level, we expect share to continue to shift to the local OEMs. I think what Joe and I were talking about is the magnitude of the shift over a relatively short period of time. We expect that not to be the same in 2024 as it was in 2023.
Kevin Clark: Itay, it's Kevin. Listen, as it relates to, is there an opportunity for accelerated growth, if you look at the last three years, we've booked roughly the same amount of business as we booked the prior five years to the start of that three-year period. So, the growth opportunity -- revenue growth opportunity is significant. There are certain items, as we look at growth over market, and we use that as a proxy for strength of our competitive position. We're not on every OEM across the globe. And when you look at that calculation, although certainly indicative of strength of growth, it's not perfect. So, would we tell you, should there be a bias based on bookings of stronger growth, accelerating growth? Absolutely. In light of kind of the current environment and discussion about EV penetration rates as an example, can things shift a bit quarter to quarter or maybe a year to a year? It's possible. But as we look at where the environment is today, as we look at where investor expectations are, we think the 6% to 8% growth over market is the right sort of framework for folks to consider, for investors to consider.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. As it relates to the wins with the Japanese OEMs, they were in and around radar. They're global wins. So, for the Japanese OEMs, in Japan, as well as in Europe, China and North America, it's to be transparent. The first time we've been able to penetrate in a meaningful way that customer base with our ADAS solutions. Part of that reflects where we are from an overall technology standpoint versus their traditional supply chain, which you are all familiar with. We're confident that that will present us with incremental opportunities on the ADAS side, on the user experience side, as well as on the vehicle architecture side. So, we're very excited about it.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Listen, John, I think that's a good question. It's something that we watch very closely. Our advanced development spending as a percent of total engineering was higher in 2023 than it's been in the past. I'd say the bulk of that, quite frankly, has been working to productize our portfolio, which means significantly more reuse of existing technology on new platforms, which is what the industry needs. It's driving a significant amount of interest from OEMs in areas like electrification, like battery management systems, like ADAS, like software, which we think is going to translate into continued growth in bookings. We talked about the $35 billion is kind of our estimate as we sit here today for 2024. I would say that number could be higher. So, it's important that we continue to invest, and we continue to position ourselves for growth. I would say we've doubled down our focus though on how do we make engineering more efficient, how do we get more out of engineering, and again, how do we drive more reuse, which allows us to be more efficient and develop higher margin solutions and allows us to deliver them to our customers at much lower cost. And I'd say equal focus on cost-effective solution now as there is on innovation.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, it's Kevin. So, better electric vehicles are about 3x the content opportunity as an internal combustion engine vehicle. Plug-in hybrids are 2x, roughly 2x the content internal combustion engine. When you look at our mix of high voltage bookings and roughly the same from a revenue standpoint, roughly 25% to 30% of that relates to plug-in hybrid vehicles. So, hopefully that gives you a bit of context. So, we feel like we're very well positioned whether OEMs are producing plug-in hybrids or battery electric vehicles.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Dan, I'll take it. Listen, it's an interesting question, right? The question we get two years ago was kind of reconcile strong bookings with OEMs, comments regarding insourcing, all their activities. And I think now you hear from OEMs, and we experience directly first-hand all the challenges associated with attempting to do things that either you don't have the history of doing or don't have the capabilities, which quite frankly has presented perfect opportunities for us. And it's the reason why we've invested in the areas that we've invested in. It's reason why we're building kind of full platform solutions that are open, that are scalable, that provide flexibility and importantly lower cost. We fully recognize that, that we need to deliver lower cost options and solutions to our customers all the way from software and hardware development to delivery of a solution, and that's what we're focused on. And I would say that's the reason for the trend in bookings, that you've seen, a value proposition that economically makes sense for our customers as well as it does for Aptiv. And then, you augment that with the question about SoC material inflation, just to underscore Joe's point, we've not heard that from any of our western SoC suppliers. In fact, some are talking about additional constraints beginning in late 2025, going into 2026. So, we have deployed engineering assets in doing a couple of things. One, dual validating or qualifying additional alternatives, so there's more flexibility to move from one chip to another and bringing that to our OEM customers as a part of our overall value proposition. In my comments, I talked about the 12 Chinese SoC suppliers who we're working closely with in making significant traction in the China market, with, we believe, meaningful opportunities outside of China, especially in Europe, providing lower cost at roughly equal performance. And that goes from SoC technologies to radar technologies to peripherals. And by virtue of providing, again, like I said, those leading technologies in a more cost-effective way that again provide flexibility and choice to our customers, that holistic package is attractive, and it helps solve the challenges that you're aware of that they're dealing with.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, it's Kevin. Listen, we should start with, Motional is on track to deliver the tech roadmap that's been laid out, and should underscore that HMG has been an absolutely outstanding partner. Better than -- as optimistic as we were at the start, even better as a partner from both operational and a strategic standpoint. Commercialization of the technology, i.e., the cost related to delivering the tech principally in and around hardware, really makes it challenging from an adoption standpoint, in the mobility on demand market. And as a result, kind of pushes out ultimately the revenue stream and the earnings stream for the business, and pushes out to a point where relative to other options or opportunities that we have to invest in that will deliver profitable growth, we had to make decisions. And again, a tough decision, but given where we sit today, given the benefit that we've gotten to date, which is real, which is in and around advanced ADAS solutions, and we'll work to continue to work with Motional commercially in and around bringing their technology into our ADAS platform, but when we look at ongoing funding of the technology and when it actually gets adopted in the mobility on demand market, it's just pushed too far out to make financial sense for us, given the other opportunities that we have in front of us.
Kevin Clark: In terms of total advanced engineering, which is the closest development, which you know, Adam, which is roughly 25% of our total engineering spend, we would say somewhere between 5% and 10% would be BEV related, electrification related, I should say.
Kevin Clark: Great. Thank you, operator. Thank you, everybody, for your time today. Have a nice rest of the day. Take care.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, Joe. It's Joe. I'll start, and then Kevin can jump in. Obviously, we'll see that come down a bit as high voltage slows. We try to lay -- in Slide 18 of the deck, we try to lay out the progress we've made in '23 and '24, which we feel is quite strong. I think if we had to look out -- and this goes back to that Investor Day discussion around 2025 margins, I think if we looked at that today, we had about a 14% total margin for Aptiv in 2025. We'd say we've got about, call it, 100 basis point to 150 basis point headwind to that at the moment. Some of it coming off, obviously, from the lower growth over market, some of it's going to be the higher peso. We're seeing just the peso changes of last year, the strengthening has effectively gotten into the cost base at this point. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we're also seeing, particularly for 2025, some additional operating and labor costs in Mexico. So, at this point, I would say those margin targets are probably pushed out a year round numbers, and we'll obviously be working on that over the course of this year and sort of updating as appropriate. I don't know, Kevin, if I...
Joe Massaro: Yeah, it's obviously driven off of production schedules from the customer base, which would include launches. So, we do see higher launch activity and schedules picking up from the multinationals towards the second half of the year. In addition to that, and I think from what we're seeing, and I think it's generally consistent at this point with what you see from IHS is some of the local OEM growth, the 30%-plus you saw in the back half of the year, in '23, they started to lap some of that. So, from a growth -- again, the sort of relative growth rate that drives the growth over market calculations, some of that starts to come back in a little bit, just given the significant growth in the back half of 2023. And obviously, we tend to concentrate and call it the top 10 or 12 Chinese OEMs from a local perspective. So, we have their schedules, but also, Chris, looking to some extent at what the forecasting services are saying about that production level as well.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, I think round numbers, that's pretty good, Chris. If you wanted, I'd probably be closer somewhere between 12.5% and 13%.
Joe Massaro: I think there's a couple -- I'm not sure I understand that, Rod. I think there's a couple of things. I think overall you had some 30%-plus growth quarters by those local Chinese OEMs, right? We do think that. And again, from what we're seeing in a scheduled perspective, and when we look at that, there's a couple of forecasting services that sort of look at that market, that starts to level off a bit, right? They catch up to some of their high comps. At the same time, launch activity with the multinationals who admittedly have had, I think, some platform challenges over the last couple of years in China, do have new launches coming up, and those launches were on those platforms, and we expect to see that sort of take their overall production up, our content up, which is how we're sort of looking at it, starting to balance out. And then you obviously have the mixed shift inherited within our business that Kevin took you through.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. So, obviously, much like the rest -- the other parts of our business, we're looking at customer schedules, which include customer launches. And you're right, we're right around that 20% growth rate for '24, which was consistent with '23. There are some new program launches. Again, that business is 80% China, Europe, right? So, clearly seeing some weakening in North America. We've seen schedules come down. I think that's well understood at this point. But the combination of sort of some new product launches and where we see customer schedules and then really that sort of the concentration we have in that business around China and Europe. I think penetration rates, we've always been lower on a relative basis at this point, where we have not looked out to sort of 2030, to update what we talked about in February, possibly that's lower than 30%. I think we were sort of well behind everyone else. But I think over the next few years, you're moving in within that sort of, call it, that 10% to 15% range, is what our numbers would extrapolate out to.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. Let me start with the growth rates, and then Kevin can comment on the nature of the win. So, continue to see strong growth in active safety. Would expect 2024 to be north of 20% again, as it was this year. I do think -- listen, one of the things we talked about, just to put it in perspective, there is a large active safety business in North America with a couple of the D3, that was obviously impacted this year by the strike, right? So, it's not immune to things like the strike, but the underlying fundamentals of that business, the take rates and the growth will keep it above 20% again next year.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, it generally jives, although to my comments, it's a build throughout the year. So, my comments around revenue growth and the calendarization very much tied out to what we're seeing in schedule. So, total is connected. I would say this year, unlike the last couple of years, we actually don't see much schedule disconnect between -- we don't see much disconnect between the schedules and the broader forecasting services. We did see some differences related to supply chain and stuff over the past couple of years, but they're pretty much in line. But it is back-end weighted. It's just not us that's back-end weighted. It is the customer production schedules at this point.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, Mark, it's Joe. Similar to '23, we have those bigger step downs in COVID on a year-over-year basis, supply chain disruption costs. So that is helping keep that incremental flow at the EBIT line a little higher than normal. I think that sort of 18% to 22% range that we usually talk about is still good in normalized times, but it is a little higher, much like it was last year. And then, listen, I think from a pricing perspective, there has been a lot of activity as we've talked about over the past couple of years, as we've worked through direct material inflation and stuff. I think we're as settled as we normally are on it. There is obviously ongoing discussions with customers, but I think we're in a relatively good place and a consistent place with where we've historically been this time of year.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, I'd start with -- I mean, there is -- again we say -- as Kevin mentioned, I've attended most of them, supplier meetings in CES. There was no automotive chip provider at the moment that's talking about price downs. We still have a couple that are talking about increased prices based on wafer cost increases that they're seeing. We'll obviously push back hard on those and deal with them if and when they come in. But we're not seeing anything from a price down perspective, nor would expect it. So, at this point, there's nothing in there from an opportunities perspective in the guide. Listen, as it relates to peso, last year, we were obviously hit well above $100 million by transaction and translation impacts, right, the FX moving significantly. This year, and I mentioned this in my prepared comments, Dan, we've assumed a stronger peso, basically in the underlying forecast, right, which makes our peso denominated cost more expensive. So, if you look at that bridge, it's not showing up on the FX line because it's now forecasted at that level. But you do have about $100 million round numbers going into primarily labor, going into the cost structure, which would appear in that other bucket. And it's really the amount that's rolling through into my 2025 comments.
Joe Massaro: I was just going to say peso assumption, just to remind folks, at Investor Day was 20.50, so you got about 10%-plus strengthening in the peso. Go ahead, Dan, sorry.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. I mean, like we've always said, the pipeline is very full. We maintain it on a regular basis. Certainly, don't see anything from a capital markets perspective that would preclude us from doing transactions. I think the balance sheet is in very good shape. We took a lot of care over the last couple of years to push out the tenor of the debt and such. So, I feel like we're in good shape from that. So, we're certainly not one of the ones that's raised any concerns on that side. I think you'd continue to see us do things like we've done in the past, right? You'd have both for AS&UX and SPS, there are bolt-on opportunities, things that enhance technology, regional presence in AS&UX, there certainly are some opportunities. It would obviously be smaller than Wind River, but continue to invest in our software capabilities. And then there's the adjacent markets, right? We've done a very nice job over the last couple of years -- excuse me, of growing our adjacent market presence, both organically and inorganically. And it's been accretive to growth rates, it's been accretive to margins, and I continue to expect us to do something like that.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. The walk -- we won't go into more components than we've laid out, Emmanuel. I think the walk sort of indicates within the range, certainly, the largest piece not to come back is the high voltage, right? You could have -- again, and it's a long-term forecasting range, you could have a little bit of movement in customer mix and just how things play out relative to Kevin's comments on the Japanese OEMs and the China mix. I think speaking to Kevin's comments, our growth rate, other than EV, which we talked about coming down to 20% from the 30%, our growth rate has been what we've expected, right? I mean, we've hit our revenue numbers, we've hit our growth rates. Our product lines are growing. There is a denominator element here to what we're seeing take place in the market, particularly in 2023, with the Japanese OEMs up plus 25% round numbers production in North America. So clearly, I've talked about HV slowing down. I think we've been transparent about that. But I just want to be clear, this isn't -- we're missing our growth numbers or we're missing our revenue numbers. This growth over market, a big piece of that is coming from what I'll call the denominator impact. I don't know, Kevin, if you have anything to add.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. No, as I said, we have to work through. Obviously, we have a JV construct. I won't comment for others involved in the joint venture. Aptiv's intention is to no longer participate in funding. And within the constructs of the joint venture agreement, we are looking at opportunities to reduce our holdings of the common stock, and that work is in process now. Just given the nature of transactions like this and the fact that we're working within a joint venture agreement, we felt it was prudent to put the full Motional impact into the guide versus trying to take an educated guess at when something may complete. But obviously working through that now, but the funding decision has been made.
Joe Massaro: No, there's no such requirements in the joint venture agreement, and we wouldn't expect to sign up for anything like that.
