Kevin Clark: Thanks, Joe. I'll wrap up on slide 21 before opening it up for Q&A. 2019 was another great year for Aptiv despite an even more challenging macroenvironment. Our operating performance validated the progress we've made strengthening our through-cycle resiliency by having the right portfolio of advanced technologies enabling the safe, green and connected solutions our customers are increasingly demanding; the right cost structure allowing us to continue to invest in future capabilities, while driving earnings and cash flow growth; and the right people and processes to deliver the innovation and execution that's inherent in our strategy. Looking ahead, the team has never been more confident in our competitive position and our ability to outperform through cycle.  We believe Aptiv is perfectly positioned to continue capitalizing on the key global Auto 2.0 megatrends to drive market share gains, while continuing to improve our cost structure which gives us tremendous confidence in our outlook for 2020 and beyond.  We remain laser focused on both delivering value to our shareholders today, while also strengthening our competitive position in the future, building upon our strong track record of flawless operational execution and value-enhancing capital deployment. As a result, we build a much more predictable and sustainable business, with robust downturn resiliency that's better positioned to perform in any macroenvironment. So, with that, let's open up the line for Q&A. 
Kevin Clark: Brian, I'll start and then Joe certainly can add to the comment. On the display side or that portion of the display business that we decided that we're going to exit, it's really on the directed buy aspect – that aspect of the commodities. So, the software behind the display, the hypervisor, all of that sort of value add, as well as the domain controller, that's the activity that we're focusing our efforts on.
Kevin Clark: The display part is more often than not – certainly, increasingly it's pass-through or a directed buy from the customer. So, that's the aspect of the display business the we decided that we're going to exit.
Kevin Clark: No. I think from an overall portfolio standpoint, we believe the balance of what we call user experience, which is principally for us infotainment, the software, the hypervisor, again, the domain controller as it relates to cockpit controllers and those sorts of things, it's a very attractive business for us and we have a very strong competitive position.
Kevin Clark: At least based on what we see today, right, we've been on a path for electrification through some period of time. It doesn't mean at the OE level that you could potentially see a disconnect. From our perspective, what we're seeing from a customer schedule standpoint especially in Europe, again, Joe talked about our outlook for revenue growth next year in high voltage, which is north of 50%. It's extremely strong. Can that growth rate – can it jump around quarter to quarter? That will depend upon launch volume or launch activity and where we're annualizing. So, it's possible that you see some fluctuation quarter to quarter. It's quite likely that's not only OEM generated or schedule generated. It's more likely launch generated. And then, the third portion of your question with respect to high-voltage, again, both on the connector side as well as on the wire harness side, we think we're well-positioned in each region to meet demand. And as we said in the past, it's an attractive product portfolio for us. And as you look at our underlying margin structure margin for the SPS business, the margin on that product line is actually higher than the margin on a traditional product line. 
Kevin Clark: Chris, if I can add one thing, I think one item to make sure we're clear that it does not include, if there's a global disruption as a result of the supply chain issues in China, if there's anything meaningful, that's not incorporated into our outlook for the first quarter. So, to Joe's point, it's really focused on the impact in China as it relates to China production.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. I can start, Chris. Again, Joe can certainly comment. Listen, I think it's kind of two things. It's run rate related to the back of last year quite frankly in terms of – we talked about – or I made the comment in my prepared comments with respect to an acceleration of customer opportunities. Clearly, those are things that we've been working on for some period of time. So, it relates to resources associated with the development of technologies, some of which we featured at CES like advancing our radar technology, advancing our algorithm capability, advancing our sensor fusion capability, as well as advancing our – at this point in time – ADAS controller capability, resources associated with the development of that technology and integrating or operating with the customer. And then, lastly, as Joe said, some of it is execution of launch activity. Some portion of it is in the baseline tailwind of 2019, then some step up into 2020. And we wouldn't expect an incremental step up like this based on the opportunities that we see in front of us today in 2021.
Kevin Clark: I'll make the first comment and Joe can go through all the details. Listen, as it relates to OEM mix, we have exposure to some of those customers that have had lower or weaker revenue growth in the China market for the last year or two. So, quite frankly, when you look at 2020, I don't think that story – or we don't think that story is any different. And in 2019, as you know, we had very strong growth over market. Dan, I'd characterize it as just the impact or timing associated with program launches. And in any given quarter or any given year, you see growth relative to market. You can't see swings or adjustments. As you head into 2021, we'd expect that growth over market to return to more normalized levels for us, which tend to be high single, low double digit growth over market.
Kevin Clark: No. You'll begin to see in 2020 and then each year following that, Dan. So, a significant amount of launch activity, which really reflects that growth rate we talked about, right? It's $1.3 billion to $2.5 billion over the next couple of years. And as I mentioned in our comments, or were mentioned in our comments, we see an opportunity to actually accelerate the growth in the out years, and that's what supports the incremental investment we're talking about this year.
Kevin Clark: So, dollars today are extremely small. Market growth rate and our growth rate, extremely fast. So, we think over the next handful of years, market size can get up to $2 billion, Joe. We think we can get to roughly – somewhere between 20% and 40% market share in that market. It dovetails perfectly with what we're doing from an ADAS platform or systems standpoint. It's necessary, to your point, for Euro NCAP.  Just as important, though, it's necessary really to optimize when you think about traffic jam assists, highway assists, highway pilot. Those sorts of activities, you need that technology in the car. So, it's an area that we have a significant amount of focus within the traditional ASUX business.  And when you think about mobility on demand, it's an area where the folks in our AD business are very focused as they look at additional services that they can provide their ridesharing customers. So, we're excited about it, but it's a very small revenue amount today.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. That is a margin rate that is in line with what we've talked about ADAS – when ADAS gets to full scale.
Kevin Clark: A couple of comments. First, just to put it into context – listen, we focus on every penny we spend. Our guidance is roughly $2.5 billion in EBITDA in 2020. And our view is, given the number of opportunities that are in front of us, given our competitive position and given the chance to, what we believe, really expand our competitive moat, investing in an additional 70-plus-million-dollars is the smart thing to do near-term and long-term. So, I'm going to start with that. Second, our active safety business today has double-digit operating margins. So, it's a profitable business. As we scale – and I think Joe made the comment that you should view this investment as scalable investment. As we continue to scale, given the nature of this business, given how we structured scalable platforms, our ADAS product line is a product line that ought to have margins well in excess of our traditional kind of where we're running at now, low double-digit operating margins, right? We should get strong software. So, you should see something. From an ADAS standpoint, including both hardware and software, that's in the high teens. So, it's a very, very attractive space for us to play.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. I'd break it down into three big buckets. Share gains in our connection systems business. So, strong growth, as Joe highlighted, right? And as you know, that's an attractive margin profile. Product line execution, so we talked about high-voltage and growth of that particular product area across both our EDS and CS product lines. And then, thirdly, execution especially in the EDS business. Our management team there has done an excellent job, especially in 2019, in terms of just blocking and tackling and operational improvements. I think the best examples there, quite frankly, is China where you know what vehicle production – the decline of vehicle production last year. That China team was able to basically achieve their business plan forecast at much lower volumes. So, the ability to execute on what is a complex manufacturing and supply chain business has translated into the margin improvement that we're talking about. The team there did an outstanding job.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. I think, John, as we've talked before, the demand for Level 2, Level 2+ and even Level 3 with some OEMs, we're seeing that activity – over the last 12, 18 months, we've seen that activity significantly increase. So, the investment is in response to pursuing those opportunities.
Kevin Clark: John, I don't think we'd envision a flip relative to the growth rates you see in ADAS, I think just given the nature of that market, the market opportunity. Having said that, we fingers there's opportunities, especially with the mix of high-voltage and a mix some of the product portfolio that we have in the connection systems business to grow kind of mid-single digits over underlying vehicle production, including both the impact of a non-automotive as well as our automotive connector portfolio. But by and large, it's an enabler of all the software and other items that we're talking about. As it relates to SVA, our view is there's a portion of this SVA activity that has already started with domain centralization and some of the cockpit controllers, the active safety controller, some of the programs that that we've actually already won. With respect to SVA specific and what we showed at CES, we're working today with – we have three advanced development programs with two automotive OEs. Those programs are going to come forward with RFIs or RFQs in the coming months. So, the commercial opportunity, hopefully, we have something to report in terms of business wins this calendar year and revenue shortly thereafter.
Kevin Clark: Well, the HellermannTyton business is probably the best business when you think non-auto, overall non-auto. And that's a business that for the last several years, outside of auto, has been growing high-single, low-double digits. And we'd expect it to continue to grow in that sort of a range for the foreseeable future. I think when you look at the other acquisitions we made and given their mix in mill arrow, industrial and some of the other markets, again, those have been solid mid to high-single digit growth rates.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. Listen, it's closely aligned. It's very closely aligned. So, we have the opportunity to provide products and services to the joint venture and vice versa. And given our historical relationship and our future relationship, there will continue to be real opportunity to share information, share best practices and, ultimately, we hope at least to create incremental commercializeable opportunities. And that's something that our joint venture partner is very supportive of, as are we. So, that interaction will continue.
Kevin Clark: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our Q4 earnings call. Have a great day.
Joseph Massaro: Brian, as we talked about, same plant, same engineers, same supply chain. So, managing volumes will not be overly challenging for that product line.
Joseph Massaro: Chris, I'd say it's more of what we're hearing from delayed startups following the new year. Our schedules are fairly locked; and sort of by the end of December had accounted for any production shifts between Q4 and Q1 from our perspective. So, this is really – we've got customers now that, I'd say, in general are talking about coming back no sooner than February 9 or 10, which is depending on business is anywhere from a week to almost two weeks of delayed production from what we would normally have seen The SPS business tends to go back a little bit earlier in the new year break. So, it's really just adjusting to delayed startup. And it's a fairly fluent situation, as you might imagine. The dislocation of – it's going to be really the dislocation of labor that went home for the holidays and how quickly they can all come back either from a practical perspective or from a government mandate perspective. But that's primarily it. And call that – if you were to look sort of what Q1 year-over-year OI called China, this delayed production may be $15 million or $20 million. Right now, we're expecting to make that up in Q2. So, we don't view this as a full year issue at the moment.  And then, we do have some FX that we've talked about before as we catch up in the first and second quarter to the weaker RMB and euro that happened in the second half of last year. We've got another $20 million in Q1 of FX and commodity impacting the OI line. So, those two items are really everything that's in Q1.
Joseph Massaro: No, I agree. Fourth quarter was very strong for us. There was a lot of launch activity. So, as we've looked out on 2020, we just assume we lap those launches in Q4 at this point. We don't see launch activity in the back half of the year that would bring us up, Dan. So, we see it coming back on 2021. But from what we'd expect the business to do, as Kevin mentioned, high voltage continued to be very strong in China. Some of the lap launches on are on active safety. But for us, that growth over market doesn't sort of shoot straight every quarter, and I think that's all we're seeing. It's very specific to what we've launched. It's not sort of a broader customer or macro question for us. It's very specific to our launch cadence.
Joseph Massaro: Joe, we're close. If you look, adjusted for FX, exclude the JV, we're at about 10 basis points of margin expansion for the year. Our target, as we talked about at investor day last year, was closer to 20 basis points in a flattish market. So, we're at 10 basis points in a down 3% market. So, obviously, we're the type of folks that always want to see more. But there is an element – there is some down vehicle production. We do have to absorb that. There's a lot of other offsets occurring, right? Lot of other projects. So, for us, a 10 basis point in a down 3% production is kind of where we feel like we need the business to be just given the overall investments. And again, when we talked about sort of up 20 basis points in a year, that was much more in a flattish production environment.
Joseph Massaro: I think we're on the trajectory we expect to be on with that business. The team has done a really nice across all the product lines. And I think you hit it on the head. It's important, the high-voltage growth. That's a business that we talked about was – even a relatively small product line that sort of hit segment margins very quickly because of the nature of the business. We really can run that business on the same cost structure as the low voltage.  And then, we're getting benefits of the scale in that business. Again, we got content on one out of every three-and-a-half vehicles manufactured globally. So, even if it's not our active safety system or even our high-voltage system, you tend to see more electrical content going into vehicles globally. So, you've got a healthy tailwind at the back of that business helping with the leverage. So, that's playing out that as expected. Again, when we looked at all of the opportunities in ASUX to invest, the performance in the active safety product line itself, as Kevin mentioned, and where we were with SPS margin expansion, that's really what gave us the confidence to continue to invest in the active business.
Joseph Massaro: It is, John. Let me go back. Remember, the JV is really focused on that Level 4 or 5 robo taxi space. So, anything that's Level 2++, Level 3, early-stage Level 4 for consumer fleets, for our normal traditional customers, that stayed with us. So, you're right. This has got an investment across sort of that – what I'd say is really sort of the 2++, 3 type spectrum. And if looked at some of the advanced development Kevin's talked about, that's to make sure we can secure the $5 billion of bookings plus that Kevin mentioned for 2020, continue to grow the business and support the launches of what we're doing currently. So, that's fair.
Joseph Massaro: Yeah. We've talked before about it being sort of enough to fund four to five years. To Kevin's point, as the JV comes together and we start to look at the vehicle capabilities and the commercialization opportunities of Hyundai, it's possible the JV spends more in 2021 and 2022, but certainly would come from the funding from Hyundai. 
Joseph Massaro: Yeah. That's right. And then, as it relates to commercial vehicle, we're still – just given our just given our relatively low penetration, we're still sort of years away from having a cycle discussion about CV. We still have a lot of content growth opportunities. And it's really sort of a greenfield for when we get into some of the CV markets, particularly around SPS, the connector business, HellermannTyton's focus on CV. So, while it impacts us at some level, we're still able to grow well above CV market at this point. 
Joseph Massaro: Yeah. You're about right. We've got about round numbers $40 million, 40-plus-million in Q1. And then, on end of Q1 close, about $130 million sort of geography moves down to the equity income line. And then, that will be augmented by the step up in purchasing accounting that the JV has to go through, which will basically make it EPS neutral. So, the way my comments were – EPS growth is about 2% as reported. If you sort of calculated EPS before the equity income effects of the JV, we're up 10%. So, that's the negative EPS impact from the JV coming in at the equity income line. 
