Kevin Clark: Thanks Joe. We'll wrap up on Slide 19. 2017 was another outstanding year. We exceeded our financial commitments and executed the spin-off of our Powertrain Segment flawlessly and ahead of schedule, all while enhancing our portfolio of advanced technologies with the acquisitions of Movimento and nuTonomy and investments in Valens, otonomo, Innoviz and LeddarTech, all which will serve to enhance our competitive position as the demand for ADAS and automated mobility solutions ramps up. Looking ahead to 2018, as Joe just mentioned, our outlook includes mid-single digit revenue growth above market, reflecting the strength of our technology portfolio and execution capabilities and margin expansion in line with the long-term framework we provided back in September with 20 to 40 basis points expansion while continuing to invest for future growth, all which results in double digit earnings and cash flow growth and the ability to sustain long-term shareholder value creation through efficient disciplined capital deployment. So, with that, we'll open up the line for questions operator. Thanks you.
Kevin Clark: There is obviously a lot of activity around autonomous driving. So, let me start with – we continue to progress with our partners Mobileye and Intel in the development of CSLP platform that will be commercially available in 2019. So, let's start with that.  Where we are having discussions with other OEs, whether it's their interest in the CSLP platform, or is there interest in doing you know some portion of that activity on their own, like the BMW partnership. We're doing all we can as you can imagine from a financial standpoint, not to recreate, but to reuse the technology and the capabilities that we've established. I can't get into specifics at this point in time, so some OEs want more of that, some want less of that. I think there is a direct correlation between their level of internal technical capabilities what they've had historically and how strategic they view that automated driving stack to be.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, well, listen the 2019 program relates to Aptiv and we're in discussions with multiple players in the Mobility on Demand space as well as cities. With respect to deploying vehicles at Level 4 levels, initially in late 2018, early 2019, by the end of this year, we'll have roughly 150 vehicles plus on the road. I think I mentioned traveling roughly 2 million miles during the year and we'll be doing that through multiple partnership whether they Mobility on Demand players, or they be direct agreements with cities. Now, one thing is important, I think underscore – you've heard Joe and myself say this several times. We're not in the fleet management business. We're not a mobility provider, so it's our objective to partner with others who are. At the same time, it's really important to advance the technology and quite frankly to monetize the capabilities to get as many vehicles out on the road as we can near term. Well those are vehicles we're paying for, our partner is paying for, to enhance our capabilities improve our capabilities.
Kevin Clark: Sure. So, several of those conversations have happened and are happening. As you can imagine from an OE standpoint, there is a strategic aspect to this, there is risk aspect to this, there is a product portfolio aspect to this. Then in reality, it's pretty complex and there is a business mile aspect. So, we continue to be engaged with a number of OEs about both the entire CSLP platform as well as portion of the CSLP platform. We've always said we are about giving our customers what they want. And the benefit of having the platform is for those who don't have the capabilities and want to move more quickly, we can provide more full turnkey solution. On the flipside for those who want a portion, having the ability or the understanding of the whole system allows us to enhance the parts. So, I say that's one. The second thing Chris, one of the things if we've concluded, and it's for obvious reasons that you are going to see the acceleration of autonomous driving with the Mobility on Demand players quite frankly sooner, than you're going to see it with the traditional OEs. And that's purely economic. The cost of an automated driving system is today relatively expensive and the economic are justified by the mobility players to the extent they can either get the driver out of the car or they can have the driver doing things other than just transporting passengers or goods.
Kevin Clark: The answer is a little bit of both. So, our approach is that the Level 4 and Level 5 is actually separate, that fits in our mobility group with [indiscernible] and with our economists driving team from Ottomatika and nuTonomy and they are focused on really Level 4, Level 5 of high solutions, that's where all their focus is. However, we have a system setup where they're able to affectively share their advancements and algorithms and technology with our traditional ADAS business that resides in our Advanced Safety and User Experience segment today. That is having discussions with traditional OE customers principally around Level 2, Level 3 and some around Level 4, but there are separate organizations with the ability to share technology. And the reason they is separate is one to make sure that we are focused on advancing that Level 4 and Level 5 capabilities. And then two is, I mentioned Dave is the mobility on demand players today are moving much faster. And we want to make sure that we have a new organization that effectively focusing on delivering that technology to their customer group.
Kevin Clark: David, that's the hard one. Part of the challenge for that space, is you've got some of the cap sitting there with low end audio. I think if you racked it all up and included low end audio where it's probably seven, I think as you start to focus on the really relevant technologies and where this is going well, the audio display is going away. We think the mid systems are going to push their way down. We clearly see ourselves moving in organically into a top five position over the next couple of years. I mean this MLD booking for us it's hundreds of millions of dollars of bookings from an acquisition we did in 2016 for 50 million bucks. The technology is just phenomenal. So again, it's a little bit about how you racking up that market, but if you put the audio in there we're probably further down, but where we want to play clearly targeting the top five and top three position.
Kevin Clark: Joe, it is effectively both. I think it's an optimized vehicle. It's both an optimized OE vehicle setup for Level 4 and Level 5 autonomous driving, and then it's what I call a custom bespoke vehicle that can transport more passengers and has a more fully integrated architecture, ADAS stack or automated driving stack as well as user experience capability. So we are actually working on both.
Kevin Clark: FDA we knew about going into the year, GM took a lot out of pass car. That was really what we were working through during the year. That business continues to be or looks to be about 65% SUV and truck in North America, about 35% pass car. As we book business, as we bid on business, we are very mindful of what pass car platforms if any quite honestly we want to be on. So we look to continue to bid – that certainly there are some that distinguishes himself from others. But it's certainly something we watch carefully and are managing through. I think given what happened last year at this point, do we have a big risk associated with it. Next year no, we really see ourselves lapping that, but it's something where we'll continue to manage through and quite honestly it's – again that business – North American pass car probably took 30 to 40 basis points of margin out of Signal and Power Distribution in 2017 and the team was on it. That business was able to expand margins 10% even without 10 basis points, even with that headwind. So we are laser focused on it and we'll continue to manage the business to the extent it comes up short.
Kevin Clark: Yeah. So I think, we used to always talk about volume flowing at 18% to 22% as Delphi HoldCo. I think it's there with Aptiv, we're in the higher end of that range, so call it 20% to 22%. As we see volume flow, I think the one other comment I'll make is you know we are running this business for – from flat to up slight production volume. So when we see, when we see things like we did in China in Q4 2016, will flow higher. And our goal is when we see things like North American pass cars to be able to continue to expand margins, but as a rule of thumb, I'd go to the higher end of the Delphi HoldCo range and call it 20 to 22.
Kevin Clark: I don't know if I thought about it from a – content and exact number content per vehicle. I guess the way we would look at it and I think it's reflected in the longer term guidance that Joe talked about at our Investor Day is accelerated growth and growth over market. And it's being driven by more software, more data and solid growth in the vehicle architecture space. So, I don't have content per vehicle factor number. Maybe a way to think about it, I quit backing into it, but when you think about active safety and you think about our spend on Level 4 and Level 5. Joe and I and the team would tell you, we are seeing a factor change in active safety revenues and active safety book. So, we think you'll continue for the next several years to be a run rate from a booking standpoint that's in the range, call it $3 billion plus that in the range that we book this year in active safety. We talked about infotainment it's been a bit lumpy, so we are actually down year-over-year on the infotainment bookings, but up on revenue. You'll see strong revenue growth there as well, and then I think the smart architecture, the vehicle architectural, will be able to see how that plays out.
Kevin Clark: Listen, I would tell you there is zero possibility that happen. And that's for multiple reasons including experience seeing over the long term companies too growth for growth taken what ultimately happens. I say the second and maybe more aligned – directly aligned with shareholders near term. From a management team standpoint, over or roughly half our compensation is tied to expanding return on capital. So there is a direct correlation that affects myself, my direct report, their management team, and it's pushed on down tied to our long term incentive plan that really drives a mindset where it's about increasing and enhancing return on capital. And consistent with what Joe has mentioned earlier about is being manically focused on our cost structure and our cost for generation, all these programs, all these major program, size strategic. We take a look at and we review it with the management team before they bid on. And we give them specific guidelines with respect to where they can go. And the discussion about return on capital quite frankly is one of the a biggest discussion and we serve more time on that quite frankly than we even do on the margin expansion discussion.
Kevin Clark: No change here John. I mean our copper is the pass through are for actual copper. So those again they impact, they can move revenue depending on how fast copper moves. There is sometime a little bit of a lag call it quarter and half to give the inventories for this system, but beyond that we are not anticipating any headwinds and have seen no contractual changes certainly. And then we are really down to – again, we watch resin, but that's a distant derivative of oil, so we are able to manage that with the early effect, crude oil got a big resin buy, or buy fairly efficiently. So not a lot of tough commodity headwinds are risked from anything we see.
Kevin Clark: Look, I don't have – this is Kevin. I don't have the exact cent share of win. We tend to be focused on the higher end – medium to high end vision radar in the other locations. Active safety activity across the customer base from an opportunity standpoint has picked up as active safety rate – penetration rates have increased. As Joe mentioned, a year or so ago we were at five customers, I think we're at 10 or more in 2017. So we are seeing a significant ramp up post with existing customers as well as new customers. As I mentioned, I just see a factor changing our book on the active safety on a going forward basis, a significant increase relative to markets [indiscernible].
Kevin Clark: It's hard David. For active safety I would sort of redo it, it's falling there. I would tell you our view is the software capability around things like sensor fusion and such are what's helping us to drive the business. But on the active safety side of the business, it truly is sort of firmware. It's embedded in there and it's in the price. So it's very hard to just put our revenue.
Kevin Clark: I mean, all of it had some of our software, but what we incorporate from a customer or a customers' third part, another third party with my customer is platform dependent, but if we can steadfast, that's a lot of our software, Al, you've put some software in there. There is actually some software from two other, way it with someone else, I believe that TT, so it's usually a mix, but in terms of all of our products have some of our software and we are the integrator of other software component. So we tend to be sitting on top and making sure the software all works together and within that control unit.
Kevin Clark: A lot of moving parts on Aptiv, so I would tell you, you know less concerning and less significant and call it border adjustment tax flows, you know if you go, six or nine months back. Right now, there is really two things we're watching on NAFTA, if that's got a regional valued content and what they do with those percentages, you know they are talking about bumping it up to maybe as much as 85%. That is in the ballpark of what I'd call additional duties, you know, call it maybe $20 million a year. So, we're watching that, but again these are – what I would call manageable amounts, the others, the domestic concept requirement, they put one in. What does it mean? That's a little bit hard to calculate at the moment, because you know it's unlike the RVs there you can sort of adjust the percentages and calculate the number, the domestic content is still wide open. I would tell you though that the extent what they are talking about, to the extent they include intellectual property in the domestic content number, it should really not be big deal for us, because that will allow us counter value of the software and the intellectual property be put into the product that are manufactured in Mexico. So, again, we're way off going forward from a – impact of something like a border adjustment tax. Thought this is manageable and it's naturalistic of plus tomorrow, it's probably nice, but you can, six months, but if it was the lead, it would probably be call it on a full year basis, maybe up to $100 million of additional duty we have to work through.
Kevin Clark: I think the answer to that is depending on the customer relation with the – nature of the customer agreement, it would be for a customer to use both our AD stack as well as our mobility cloud, right which allows or allows both that customer, after is to monetize data whether it's on vehicle data or its off vehicle data whether data used by the OE to opt for fleet manager to optimize fleet performance or say they basically bundled and sold out to outside third party. So, our objective would be able, would be to target each one of those. That would be the biggest opportunity.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, listen these are programs with lifetime revenues, programs typically are at Aptiv for two to three years out, which is at Delphi with the Powertrain business, it would be three to four years out. You know we would assume if you can grow 10%, there is a possibility that there is some leakage in those bookings or adjustments to FX or shifts in program that is of confidence that we can grow it, roughly 5 point over market.
Kevin Clark: Yeah, it will be lower in Q1 and ramping up throughout the year. I think it's actually Q1 flat to slightly down.
Kevin Clark: Different way to think about is just, it's how we cover the past our comp, and that accelerated towards the back half of 2017, so that's sort of where you see the details are coming.
Kevin Clark: Listen, it's a great question, a very good question. We have a specific business plan tied to our mobility group tied to our autonomous driving activity. And that ties to the [indiscernible] vehicles and activity that we're willing to do and based on those dollars spent, their key milestones that need to be delivered as it relates to advancement in technology for interaction. So, you know we are very, very focused on, as Joe mentioned early, managing our cost structure using much of the internal funding as we can through cost reduction to support investment in future growth opportunities and then taking those future growth opportunities where we can and apply those newer technologies to near term commercial opportunities like active safety. So, it's just a very disciplined approach. We've managed it like we manage any other business. We know we have financial commitments, we have margin targets, we have return on capital targets and we operate to those.
Kevin Clark: Listen, we're focused on how do we maximize return on capital and shareholder value. So, to the extent opportunities like that made financial sense, those are definitely things that we'd evaluate.
Kevin Clark: Okay, well, listen, thank you everybody for your time. We greatly appreciate it and have a great day.
Joe Massaro: Brian, within that business, you know I think couple of things to know about that business. One, we obviously – and we've talked a lot about this year. I think the business did a really good job weathering the North American pass car downturn while expanding margins. We see that flipping next year, so that business returns to call it mid-single digit growth. Within there, we also continue to see strong growth in HellermannTyton both on their industrial business as well as their auto. I would expect them to continue with double digits. They have between 10% or 11% growth per year since we bought them and we see that continuing. So, really, I think the story for next year is really just lapsing that, that passenger car volume in North America and you will see it return to mid-single digits.
Joe Massaro: Hey Chris, it's Joe. The one other thing I'd add and we've talked about this before particularly on the OE side. As the conversations have evolved, the other thing which we think is very positive from our perspective is they're now becoming discussions around how to move from active safety, Level 2, into Level 3, into Level 4. So they are becoming sort of technology roadmap discussions, which given by 2020 will have over 20 or just about 20 active safety customers providing Level 2 and have the capabilities to do Level 3 and Level 4. We certainly think sort of the technology continuing discussions are going to accrue to our benefit as well.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. David, what we are seeing, so we've been out with our target is $1 billion in revenue related to automated driving/mobility right to services to come around interrupt, that number is $1 billion. The way we see it sliding out right now it's about 50-50. So 50% of that are coming from Level 3 as we migrate our Level 2 plus business in a Level 3 opportunities with ease, and then target $0.5 billion of revenue coming out of mobility on demand group.
Joe Massaro: Active safety by then will be well north of $2 billion probably close to $2.5 billion plus of business.
Joe Massaro: Yeah. So this is Joe. We've got stranded costs. We're going to lap some warranty in Q1, so that's going to help the Q1 number. But our mission here is to get stranded cost out for all intents and purposes by the end of 2019, so it's a fairly deliberate March. We're started the year with about $90 million as we talked about in September about $80 million to $90 million of stranded costs to get out of the system. So that's where a lot of that comes from. However, we continue to do a really good job on the manufacturing of the material performance side as it relates to continued savings. As we've talked about, you know one of the benefits we are getting here is, are these product lines coming to scale. Things like activate safety getting to $600 million of revenue, it's going to continue to grow at 40%. That adds efficiencies into the manufacturing plants, adds efficiencies into the material buy. Very similar with high voltage electrification, we've got that business growing in $300 million of revenue. It's going to grow well above 50% next year. We've already booked about $1.4 billion this year, so very, very strong bookings to revenues. So those product lines coming to scale help, while we continue to bang away at our overall costs footprint if you will, and again, doing this in light of investing and being able to fund those additional mobility investments. Commodities are pretty straightforward. The 2018 guide adds – not real significant changes in their coppers is the biggest one, but again that's mostly passed through. To the extent, we don't pass through copper, we hedge, so that plays around a bit with the top line, but doesn't really impact performance. And then I think from a currency perspective, the thing we're obviously watching, the guide is got a 1.15 euro in there, which was about our average for 2017. Obviously that looks conservative relative to where we are today, but that's been bouncing around a bit, but we'll continue to watch that. But at this point with where the business is post-spin, their really only focused commodity is copper, mindful of resin pricing, but from an oil perspective, but don't see any challenges there.
Joe Massaro: You know what, to run the business call it $300 million to $400 million of cash, right. So, clearly the cash balance is strong. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, capital allocation philosophy hasn't changed. We do have a good looking deal funnel at the moment. There is a lot of things on both the Signal and Power Solutions side that we are looking at. And I think as well as on the technology side. Those really will unfold over the next couple of quarters. And again, I think we'll build the transactions like HellermannTyton bolt-on type transactions that both deepens the capabilities of the Signal and Power business within auto, but also look at some adjacent market opportunity. Things like PureDepth as we mentioned, that's been a complete home run as it release to the bookings with BMW on that technology, so things like that. And to the extend we get to the point where later in the year those haven't materialized, the target control timing. We understand the importance of returning cash to shareholders. The guide only includes at this point keeping share count flat. So we won't allow creep obviously, so we'll be repurchasing to avoid creep. And anything incremental will really be based on as we get further through the year on what we see from actually materializing from a funnel perspective.
Joe Massaro: I don't want to call a number that specific. The types of transactions we look at take time, particularly in that electrical architecture space. We are looking at a lot of what I'll call midsized bolt-on. They are typically family-owned businesses. They take some time to cultivate. So I wouldn't want to be on a record of saying, we're going to have it all bundled up by 12/31/2018, but actually think about Aptiv capital deployment hasn't changed from Delphi. Long-term, we need – on average we need $300 million to $400 million of cash and we are going to work really hard to try to find smart uses for that cash.
Joe Massaro: Let me talk about, you know some accelerated bit, just given we buy some of the warranty and then get [indiscernible] take us through the detail there, but I'd be focused. I think that would be mindful to tell the thing we're stranded…
Joe Massaro: John, go back to and we will have it revisit you with it offline. As you think about the architecture business, our view between sort of now and call it 2030 is for every $3 of content that goes into the architecture if me moves about $1 from optimization. And so we are not exactly on content per vehicle 10 years out, but as we look at the trend, vehicle architecture has a positive mix that would be higher in connection systems, more complicated materials, going in for the three, maths coming out is the one decrement. And as to Kevin's point, we are going to see additional content from the higher end compute platforms as well Integrated Cockpit Controller, Multi-Domain Controller. But that on the architecture side itself, there is an optimization decrement, but we see the increase of the different materials and technology parts getting in.
Joe Massaro: So to everyone one of our major product lines of segments are growing over market, growing over here.
Joe Massaro: David, our win rate, I mean it's a little bit like my infotainment response David like here. It depends on what you're scoring, we don't low end cameras those types of things. We really don't participate in. So if you're in there, the share would be lower. Out teams have been saying 90% of win rate in the work that we are going after. And we've had our – as you mentioned a very strong Q4 and see why we call it plus $3 billion booking level is in 2018 and 2019. We've got that line of sites for those at this point, so we are feeling very good about that active safety business. And as I mentioned earlier, one of those conversations then lead into Level 3 plus autonomous driving.
Joe Massaro: Yes, within your specific lines, both will be up excluding that mobility investment, and the Active Safety and User Experience business and that's kind of be about $140 million.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, Emmanuel, the only thing I would add to that is that's favorable over time, right. So, I wouldn't react too necessarily one year we grow booking 12%, next year we grow bookings 7%. That's over – we did that analysis, you are right, a couple of years ago, and that was over time. So, it's not a – this year that change is over time. We are going to get bookings are very lumpy for us, so it's a good metric as CAGR over – have such good CAGR over a five plus year period.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, it will expand and it won't expand at the percentage that it did between 2017 and 2018, but we'd expect that to grow, but again to Kevin's comment, it will grow within that financial framework of the 20 to 40 basis points margin.
Joe Massaro: Yeah, there is always gives and takes to tax, because U.S. tax rate – lower U.S. tax rate is helpful, but we're not given the way we're setup or not a big U.S. tax payer, so it just doesn't move it significantly. And the way we're focused at the moment is, how to make sure that 2015 to 2016 stays sustainable and for us, and we treat that like we treat every other cost in the place. We are trying to figure out how to manage it and we think we got better uses for cash. So, we're always working it. So, there is a lot of ins and out there.
