Lance Uggla: Okay. Thanks Todd. We delivered another year of consistent financial results in 2019 and have strong momentum entering 2020. I want to thank our colleagues around the world for their hard work, in delivering for our customers and shareholders. And before we turn the call over for Q&A, I want to personally thank Todd for his partnership, as this will be his last earnings call as we complete the CFO transition on Feb 1, as previously announced. And I have to say personally I couldn't have asked for a better partner. And the last three years of results come through partnership not just Todd and I together, but the whole firm, but the relationship that we've struck up has been first class. So, thank you.
Lance Uggla: Jonathan, why don't you start, I'll end up again talk up Todd and then we excel. Well, firstly I think your observation is a good one. It has become a very strong stable growing strong business line. It was hit a little bit with the other performance of CMS, the last couple of years here. But it has been delivering particularly the last few quarters as we look into next year, it's going to be a good strong performer kind of as we expect to be. And in terms of it performance -- it’s fit in our portfolio. It's an interesting asset. I mean financially different profile than the rest of our businesses, given primarily the royalty-bearing nature of the product. However, it does serve the customers we serve in automotive, the customers we serve in energy, rather large manufacturing businesses. So, we see certainly see an opportunity to see synergies particularly on the customer lands going forward. Todd, anything you want to add? No. Okay.
Lance Uggla: Right. Well, the cyclicality there is, obviously, around the marketplace in terms of security issuance. So, of course, in municipals, that's pretty steady. We actually -- when we budget equity and debt markets, we take a long-term look at what has been the average amount of issuance in terms of number of deals and we model that. And we take into account to some pretty low cycle years. But the real growth for us is coming around, again, the reporting tools into the private markets. As I said in the call, we added 100 new customers globally, in private markets alone this year. And we see that as an expensive growth area for us, providing tools to help GPs, report to LPs, and LPs to organize themselves in terms of compliance of -- and understanding of the attributes of their investments. So, we're really well-positioned there. We're now building -- we put all of those products under Andrew Eisen. And he's looking to gain the synergies between data management, iLEVEL, which is the reporting tool I just talked about, WSO which is our products for the leveraged loan market, in terms of middle and back office reporting and other tools. So, bringing those together really is a powerful opportunity with great growth. And I think the alternatives piece of that that was in the Ipreo acquisition is one of two major alternative data management plays in the marketplace. I put eFront, which recently sold the BlackRock and Eye Level which is our product is probably the two most important alternative markets platforms in terms of building off of for future revenue. Next question.
Todd Hyatt: Yeah. What I would say at a segment level, Gary, I actually put together a schedule. I just look at that the year-over-year revenue growth and the year-over-year margin flow through. And when you do that, what you really see is, it was a really consistently strong year for Financial Services. And Ipreo certainly benefited. Ipreo performed very well, but in general, Financial Services was strong throughout the year. Transport, probably a little bit of bumpiness, we talked about recall, lower margin recall, which saw really strong margin in Q4, really strong recurring. So that follows through. Resources had a pretty good year. Q4, not as strong, but I think a little bit of timing in there. And then CMS, a bit of a challenged year with some of the headwinds we've talked about. But yes, when I look at CMS, I'm actually encouraged by what has been good performance in product design over the last couple of quarters. But I think that provides some color on what we've seen within the segments at a margin level.
Todd Hyatt: Well, you addressed it to me, so I'll start. I'm sure Lance will jump in. I mean, I think the key on acquisitions is we want to acquire companies that are complementary to and support our existing asset positions. And so we can support those assets to be more successful, the acquired assets, but we can also use the assets that we acquired to support our underlying core businesses. And I think that's what you see with Ipreo. You see synergistic value with Ipreo, bringing additional pricing data to our municipal bond offering, to our loan business. You see our FS account managers being very effective on cross-selling the Ipreo into a lot of the alternative space. And so to me, it really is about building on our core underlying market positions and competitive advantage and acquiring assets that are very complementary to and support that. AMM, similarly, filled the gap in our automotive portfolio, where we really didn't have a presence in the new car dealer space. And now we look at AMM, and we say, okay, we are using information in our core OEM space to support AMM. Likewise, we can use AMM product to start to build an enterprise mastermind life product. So to me that's what we've done successfully. I think is what we'll continue to do.
Todd Hyatt: I think ACV has been – it's been pretty consistent for the last three years. So that ACV number has been in the 3% to 4% range consistently over that period of time. We didn't see a step-up on it – of it in Q4, but it's certainly, when we look at our plan and we look at our expectation that the non-recurring will over-perform, again, we certainly see a clear path to deliver within the guided range. But certainly, something we're very focused on is elevating that ACV. But I don't think we really indicate. What we've consistently said is it's very stable. And we feel comfortable with sort of the stability of the business. And really a big question is, so when do we see this upward acceleration. And as you know right now, I think we have performance that supports within the guided range for 2020.
Todd Hyatt: I don't think there's anything. I mean, you just have to be aware Q2 is a big quarter with events. And so you'll see -- I think if you just look at the trends, the relative proportion of revenue that was delivered last year quarterly, that's probably as good as anything. I mean, there's always going to be a little bit of bumpiness in non-recurring, but I think you'll be close enough.
Todd Hyatt: It's been strong. I mean Ipreo has performed well. And we got off to a slow start in Q1. We talked about that. But at the top line, it performed very well throughout the year. We've been very effective from a synergy perspective, and the cost, particularly around shared services. And it was a very good story. And I think we continue to expect it to be a good performer going forward and would expect it to deliver at this double-digit level that Lance talked about earlier. I mean the private capital markets in particular very, very strong, very high growth, but the global markets and the corporate services are also performing very well.
