Harold McGraw: Yes, thanks. The S&P pipeline continues to be strong. Now obviously, the Structured Finance side is soft, and especially here in the United States, although we're seeing some activity in asset-backed deals, and we expect a pickup in the commercial mortgage-backed market. But the residential mortgage-backed market, obviously, remains very low. Where we are starting to see some structured activity is in Europe, and that's starting to pick up. But again, the corporate market, sovereign market, the muni market is off and as conditions exist state-by-state and city. But also, Bill, we're seeing a lot in the high-yield market and a little bit in the CLO market and so from a pipeline standpoint, it's quite good. So we were pleased with a 10.4% revenue increase, and we expect that to continue into the rest of the year on that part. As far as higher ed  goes, Bill, again, the move on the digital side is really helping us on that, not only in the professional side but, more importantly, with McGraw-Hill Connect and those capabilities, and we're going to continue to push very aggressively on that. And again, we will continue -- it's a little early, the 4% to 6%, I think, is conservative. And on that 1, we'll see where we go with that and probably have a little better indication as we get closer to June on that part. But it's solid on that part, and we expect it to be a good generator for us for the full year.
Harold McGraw: Yes, and again, thanks, Peter, because we're very pleased with the start with McGraw-Hill Financial. Now we've known this for a little bit, and unlocking value is, I think, is the right phrase here. We've seen good client attraction at Capital IQ. The efforts to integrate all of these businesses in terms of a horizontal platform is going very well. And so the Integrated Desktop Solutions business has been a source of strength for us. But it's really being able to combine a lot of different data and to embed it into customer workflows that we're getting that kind of benefit. Obviously, on the index side, continued growth there. I mean, we're up to 333 exchange-traded funds based on S&P Indices, and 1 of the nice things is, is that we were talking about the diversification and the geographic distribution is broadening in all of that. And so we're very pleased with that, and I think that given some of the shifts that you're seeing in terms of the consolidation move, in terms of exchanges and the like, where exchanges are trying to differentiate themselves through product differentiation, plays to our strength in all that, and so we're benefiting from that. But yes, we're very pleased with the strong start, and as far as the margin is concerned, again, because of the royalty rate, it was probably a little artificial at the end of the fourth quarter in terms of where the margin was. We like where the margin is now on this 1, and we think that we can do better now on that one, and we'll see as the year progresses.
Harold McGraw: Well, you've got to differentiate between acquisition and organic growth. Things like McGraw-Hill Connect and Create, we’ve put an awful lot of effort into that digital transformation, and we're benefiting from that. When you start talking about different ways of being able to present content in  various platforms, the arrangement that we entered into with Blackboard has helped us a lot that way. We've put a lot of effort into the testing side, and rather than acquiring capabilities, we built the Acuity platform that we're benefiting from now on the formative side. So, I mean, it's always a balance on that one. If there's a capability that is going to help you accelerate into a particular opportunity, okay. But it's a balance between being able to develop that capability or whether you acquire that capability. But again, in terms of the positioning that we've take [ph], it's been a combination of both, and we'll continue to watch that balance.
Harold McGraw: Yes, and I think also, Sloan, that again, we're all watching the market activity very carefully. In many cases, digital or hybrid product is going to be critical in terms of being able to be successful in some of the adoptions. We are obviously watching Texas very carefully and also North Carolina, as I mentioned, in all of that, and it's a little bit too early to tell here. But again, from the transformation aspect of costs associated with digital, you've got to be there on that 1 to be competitive in those kind of adoption markets.
Harold McGraw: Well, again, when you're talking about the surveillance and the compliance side of this, you've got an awful lot of fees generated with the refinancing activities and the like, and so those will continue to be very strong contributors. But it's really having to do more with the annual fees associated with the surveillance.
Harold McGraw: Yes, Michael, I think that -- I mean, this is the first quarter, it's the smallest quarter of the year. We're off to a really good start, and we're pleased with that, but it's 1 quarter and the start of the year. I think the message really is, is that things are really in shape for a good year here. How good? We'll see as we get a little bit more market evidence, I think, but it's shaping up very nicely. So at this point, and in terms of earnings guidance and the like, it's too early to make any changes that way. So the $2.79, $2.89 is, as you say, a repeat from February. But we'll see. Let's see, let's see where the strength in some of the issuance, let's see the continued strength, the McGraw-Hill Financial across-the-board, let's see how Platts and J.D. Power continue, and then I think by the time we get together in a couple of months, we'll have a better picture of the full year, and then we can talk about fine tuning. But right now, it's just 1 quarter, start of the year. What's pleasing is that it's a good start and that everything is sort of falling in shape the way we were hoping it would, and we'll just see how strong it gets.
Harold McGraw: Well, I mean, again, I mean in terms of the opportunity, the market opportunity aspect of this thing, the digital transformation is critical. This is moving at a pace that is very rapid, and if you don't have the internal capabilities, I mean, you just can't go shopping and buy a little of this, a little of that and overpay  and go through all the integration capabilities and the like. You have to have the internal capabilities to do that. And so what we have done is, both in terms of staffing and in terms of platform capability, we have really put a lot of effort into building that core competency. And again, that's why we have been able to develop McGraw-Hill Connect, which is far and away a superior online product and being able to scale it now even more is going to be very important. McGraw-Hill Create is going to be important there. What we did in terms of getting after administrative platforms is we entered into an exclusive arrangement with Blackboard to be able to accelerate that. And again, as I was mentioning to Peter, the Acuity platform, that was homegrown. That was home built, and we're very pleased with obviously the formative testing market and where that takes us. So it's always a balance on that 1. So yes, we're looking for components and capabilities, but whatever it is that you do on that 1, you have to have internally the core competencies to be able to grow it. And so that's the focus that we have taken and how you get there really is a balance.
Harold McGraw: Well, let's see. Again, the markets are still dominated obviously by more of the developed countries. What we're seeing, as you know, is the development of local bond markets literally around the world as there's less reliance on banks. So what we're seeing is increased activity in those countries that have higher consumption to GDP ratios and that are showing nice growth. So obviously, outside of the large developing countries, India, Brazil and China, you're seeing activity in Malaysia, you're seeing Korea, you're seeing Indonesia and a little bit in Thailand. And so we have invested significantly in terms of developing local relations in all of those markets. But we continue to -- we will continue to see much more participation coming out of the Asian markets and especially out of the ASEAN groups in the years ahead. But it's still a smaller portion, and therefore, the growth rates are high because it's coming off of low bases. But those markets are going to be quite strong.
Harold McGraw: Yes, I mean, what we're looking at, Craig, is obviously that there is more structured activity that we're seeing coming out of Europe than here. The asset-backed market never went away, and I think that there was -- given fear and uncertainty, I mean, I think there was less issuance, but it never went away and so that is pretty strong. What we're looking for domestically is probably a pick-up  in the commercial mortgage-backed market. I think it's going to be a while for the residential part of the market. But again, in terms of some of the collateralized loan obligations and things like that, I think it's an improving picture. And I can't say that we will return to pre-crisis conditions, but I think over the next 2, 3 years, whatever, you're going to see just a steady momentous pick-up  in structured activity on that 1, and I just think there's going to be obviously a lot less risk associated with it and, therefore, less yield orientation. But it's an improving situation but slow.
Harold McGraw: I think it's going to be more of the same. I think that obviously, we, like you, are watching very carefully how the federal government is implementing some of the race-to-the-top  funds and the like, and there should be federal improvement that way as more states are pushing for Common Core Standards and the like. But I mean, it's obviously a question mark. If you take people by their direct comments and words, the federal portion is going to be higher this year, but we've got to see it. And in some cases, you're seeing more implementation on the race to the top, and some people are still pending on that part. Places like Texas, for example, they're going to be fine on their own. We just have to make sure that they're going to do what they say they're going to do on that 1. But I think the federal portion in 2011 should go up based on the comments and statements that have been made, but we've got to see it.
Jack Callahan: Bill, and higher ed more specifically, I think on the last call, we spoke to a little bit of weakness in our results as we ended 2010 and into the early part of 2011. We did see a bit of a pickup as we closed out Q1 in March and early indications that April is off to a solid start. So it looked -- well, a bit of a rebound from the trends we had spoken to earlier.
Jack Callahan: Yes, and we're continuing to look very closely at those opportunities. I think the 2 things I would just add on Terry's comments is we just want to be sure that any of these acquisitions are not -- that they really help us accelerate our core strategy and moving forward and they're not distractions. And secondly, we want to be very disciplined when it comes to valuation. Some of these properties are quite rich.
Jack Callahan: Well, I can -- at least, I can in the context of like, say, the Education segment, where obviously we have a great deal of work to extend out that digital portfolio. A good part of, as you said, the year-on-year decline or the increased loss this year versus the quarter of last year were largely related to digital investments, largely in support of our higher ed and, to some degree, our professional business. And there's also -- I would also add there's also maybe some -- there's also some investment from a hosting point of view as  relates to our online testing capability that we have too with Education. So those are the primary drivers within -- in the first quarter. But going forward, we anticipate that we'll extend more broadly into the K-12 space as we start to move forward on the development of future programs.
Jack Callahan: I would just add that a couple of these things are not necessarily new to the first quarter. They're being -- starting to be layered in last year, and if you look at the margin sort of in the back half of 2010 for S&P, they're pretty much in line with the margins that we posted here in the first quarter. So I think as we work our way through these overlaps in the first half of 2011, I think we'll return to more solid profit growth beginning in the second quarter, but then I think more extensively in the back half of the year.
Jack Callahan: Well, I think about 2/3 of this increase, I would view it as it’s sort of being worked into the run rate, that these costs start to be worked into the run rate back in the third quarter of last year. So I think we lap that as we get into the back half. And then in Q1 itself, between currency and some other things, there's probably $10 million, $12 million of sort of one-time impacts that are now behind us.
