John F. Callahan: Thank you, Doug, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. This morning, I want to briefly discuss several items on our performance and the outlook for 2013. First, I want to recap key financial metrics in the quarter and review the modest onetime costs that were incurred. Second, I will provide some additional detail related to the balance sheet and year-to-date cash flow. And finally, I will discuss share repurchase activity, our intent to increase our ownership of CRISIL and the recent divestiture of Aviation Week. As Terry just discussed, while our first quarter was strong, our second quarter was even better. Revenue grew 17% to $1.25 billion, with organic revenue growing 13%. Adjusted operating profit grew 29%, driven primarily by the strong results in Standard & Poor's Rating Services and Commodities & Commercial Markets. Adjusted unallocated expense increased 4%. Overall, the margin expansion was significant year-on-year, as consolidated adjusted operating profit margins increased over 300 basis points to 35.7%. The tax rate declined 250 basis points to 35%, while noncontrolling interests grew $20 million, both primarily due to the impact of the S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture. The tax rate also benefited from certain ongoing tax planning activities. Adjusted net income from continuing operations increased 28%, and the impact of our accelerated share repurchases can be seen in the adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 31%. Our Growth and Value Plan costs continue to wind down. During the second quarter, we reported $10 million of costs related to professional fees and outsourcing. We continue to maintain an exceptionally strong balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had $1.9 billion of cash and approximately $800 million of long-term debt. We intend to maintain a strong balance sheet going forward, balancing investments targeted at building the business and, as appropriate, returning cash to shareholders. Our free cash flow during the first 6 months was $145 million. This was negatively impacted year-on-year by 2 large items. First, because of Hurricane Sandy, the IRS allowed fourth quarter estimated tax payments that are normally made in December to be paid in February. This payment was $130 million and was paid in the first quarter. The second item was the $77 million payment associated with the legal settlement that was included in our first quarter results. Including the impact of these items, our operating cash flow guidance remains $650 million to $700 million. I am pleased to announce that the $500 million accelerated share repurchase transaction was completed earlier this week. As we noted in our first quarter conference call, we received 8.6 million shares at the end of March. This week, we received an additional 700,000 shares to close out the transaction. In total, we repurchased 9.3 million shares at a volume weighted average price of $53.80 per share. And right now, approximately 7.6 million shares remain under our existing share repurchase authorization, and we plan to continue to repurchase shares in the open market as appropriate. During the quarter, we also announced plans to purchase up -- to purchase an additional 22% of the outstanding shares of CRISIL. CRISIL is the leading rating agency in India, and we currently own approximately 53% of the company. Earlier this week, on July 24, the company initiated the voluntary tender offer for up to 15.7 million shares. The tender will close on August 6. If the tender is fully subscribed, this would represent an additional investment of approximately $320 million at current exchange rates. And lastly, just yesterday, we announced the sale of Aviation Week to Penton, further increasing our focus on high-growth, high-margin benchmark businesses. The sale of Aviation Week will reduce the company's annualized revenue by almost $50 million per year. The bottom line impact will be minimal. Summing up, we have delivered an excellent first half, with 15% revenue growth and 31% adjusted diluted earnings per share growth. We are a bit cautious about the balance of year growth due to issuance volatility and challenging second half year-on-year comparisons, especially in the fourth quarter. That being said, we are maintaining our free cash flow guidance of $650 million to $750 million, and we are raising our 2013 adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.05 to $3.15 to $3.25 per share. The first year of McGraw Hill Financial continues to look very promising. With that, let me now turn the call back over to Terry.
John F. Callahan: Bill, we still have about 7.6 million shares under our existing authorization. That's about $400 million. We will selectively work through that over the balance of the year. Some part of that is included in our guidance but particularly starting to get in the back half of the year. Most of that has a bigger impact as you get into 2014.
John F. Callahan: Manav, I think that's a contributor. I think it certainly helps as we get some stepped-up revenue on that part of the business. But I would also -- we've also had very strong growth on the corporate side. So the revenue is -- being as robust as it is, it's certainly incrementally profitable. But the business has also done a very good job in controlling year-on-year expense growth, particularly as it relates to headcount additions. So I would say it's a combination of very strong top line fundamentals, combined with prudent management of costs.
John F. Callahan: Yes, sort of in looking forward, it is our hope, with the benefits from these new product introductions, by the time we at least get to the fourth quarter, we'll see maybe some modest pickup in top line growth and would set us up for a stronger year of top line growth as we get into 2014. We're in the midst of -- we've been planning around, but more of the specifics of that next year.
John F. Callahan: We have that possibility. I wouldn't be -- we'll work that in as we go through the year, depending on market conditions. But unless we get an additional authorization, that would certainly be the maximum we could do this year.
John F. Callahan: Okay, going back to the high level, first of all, there is impact in there from the Coalition acquisition at CRISIL. This, I think, is about 2 points of growth. Another major driver of the growth is the strong growth in new entity ratings, new companies coming to market for a rating. And there's been some -- the point in terms of the release, there's been, over time, some restructuring in terms of some of -- the ways certain things are built between that impact, the non-transaction. I believe that worked its way into the market -- worked our way into about a year ago. So I think this is essentially the last quarter where we'd have a significant year-on-year benefit. Obviously, we have that now, change, moving forward, but I doubt it will make a significant a contributor to growth in future quarters.
John F. Callahan: Craig, we really haven't gone in the past to be that explicit in the past. It's not a -- I would say, though, in terms of year-on-year comparisons year-to-date, it's modestly up this year, so it is a bit dilutive to growth. But...
John F. Callahan: This year is a bit more balanced than last year. Last year was -- because our performance really kind of zoomed up in the third and fourth quarter, the timing of incentive compensation year-on-year kind of fettered in more in the third, particularly the fourth quarter of 2012. This year, kind of we're off to a stronger start than anticipated. I think -- I do suspect the year-on-year accruals right now may be a bit more front-end loaded, and we don't anticipate as significant an increase in incentive accruals in the third and fourth quarter that we saw last year.
John F. Callahan: Yes, Peter, in terms of -- look, we came into the year of Education with stranded costs in the range of $20 million to $25 million. They're still in our run rate, so we have yet -- but we are working on those. But I suspect that we'll -- it'll take us some time as we get into 2014 to really address those more fully. So we're still overcoming those stranded costs right now in our performance. And in terms of relative to Growth and Value Plan costs, I'd probably right now point you towards some continuation of those costs, but I would keep them at the more modest stand like we've seen here now in the second quarter of approximately $10 million as we're working through the final stages of some of our outsourcing activities that relate to some of the decisions that we took last year.
John F. Callahan: Just for context, Peter, this -- our previous -- our last investment of CRISIL, probably, if you look at it, it probably has delivered a 10x return when we went from about 9% ownership to over 50%. It may be one of the best investments this company has ever made. So that's just a little bit of historical context. But beyond sort of this -- the financial criteria, increasingly, we're just doing more working together. And I think with the increased ownership, it just gets easier as we kind of work together to broaden up the business, both within India and more broadly. But right now, it's very clear, it is our long-term intent to maintain it as an independent, public company in India, which means our ownership is maxed out at that 75% level. So that's what we're targeting.
John F. Callahan: Well, it's just the math impact of now it was the end of the third quarter when we will now have the JV and will now have been formed for over a year, so that will now -- you'll get, I think, a more complete view of the JV. It'd be more apples-to-apples comparison, obviously, because it's -- it was only -- it was formed in the early third quarter of a year ago. So that's just -- but that's just the math impact of it. I think you're raising the big point, which is just the extraordinarily difficult overlap that we have, particularly in the fourth quarter, led by ratings. So I think that's -- in the current environment, that just gives us some caution as we look at the balance of the year.
John F. Callahan: Yes, that's a good question. Just a couple points. One, as it relates to assets under management, in our contracts, there is let's call them some break points. As more assets under management are returning, it goes down a little bit. As you'd expect, there's sort of a volume discount. That's one. Two, we -- these -- we are paid not on assets under management end of the quarter but how it builds, how it averages in over the course of the quarter. And also, see, there's some noise in the second quarter, and I think you'll see that -- it'll be clearer as we get into the third. There was some benefits of some contract negotiations a year ago that we were able to retrospectively recognize some revenue a year ago. That's suppressing the year-on-year growth rate. As you get into the third and fourth quarter, based on, at least right now, what we're seeing on assets under management, we think this business is going to have pretty strong balance of your top line growth in aggregate of double-digit growth in both the third and fourth quarter if assets under management stay in this range. So I think we'll get this noise behind us, and it'll be a bit clearer as we move forward.
John F. Callahan: Look, I would just add, the first place you want to deploy capital is building up our core business. And at our core, CRISIL is a rating agency and with a global business. And so the first place we're going to deploy capital is to build out that network. And I would just reiterate a point I made earlier, our last investment CRISIL, which was, I think, only 8 years ago, to date has delivered from -- at the expansion -- relative to the expansion of the market capitalization of CRISIL, it has delivered roughly a 10x return. So those -- we'll do those all day long, and you should expect us to continue if there's not that many opportunities where we can deploy capital of this magnitude in the Ratings business. I wish there were more, but we saw this as a great opportunity, particularly kind of given the formation of the new company.
John F. Callahan: Well, I mean, we're actually quite pleased. We've had now 2 conservative quarters of mid-40s margins, which has been pretty good expansion relative to where we were. Our overall expense control relative to headcount adds has been quite good, particularly kind of given the amount of business that has come in. And so I think there is -- maybe there -- the business is doing so well. There is some impact year-on-year as it relates to incentive compensation. But all in all, the business is doing a very good job of managing its costs. And we continue to both -- we hear the opportunity and margins going forward, but that is the balance of both top line growth and managing of the overall cost base.
John F. Callahan: We did lose a bit of business there, so it was dilutive to the growth rate to some degree. But we like that business, and we are trying to like -- are trying to rethink a little bit how we did this on a global business. So we don't have all the answers right now, but it's an area of some focus for us right now as we start to get ready for 2014. But we do think it's an interesting piece of our overall portfolio, not a big one, but an interesting little piece.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, I mean, at this point, Manav, I think it's very sustainable. Platts business is very strong. We're getting increased contributions from McGraw Hill Construction and J.D. Power as well -- J.D. Power, especially, in terms of its success in China. And as we expand into more geographic regions with that, I think that's going to be very sustainable with not as much investment dollars as some other areas. So I think it's very supportable at that level.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay. Well, Alex, first of all, we don't comment on any aspect within the portfolio pending or anything like that. We're very committed to the businesses that we're in. The nice aspect for Aviation Week is that I think it's a particularly strong strategic fit and an excellent home with Penton Media. And of course, they have an aviation business as well. So there's a very nice fit there. But no, we obviously are always looking at the portfolio and -- but there's nothing further at this point to discuss that way. In terms of tuck-in acquisitions, remember now, for the most part, and we're very proud of this because of the talent that we have, the majority of our businesses are organic businesses. And we've taken them in terms of changes in market and have been able to transform certain aspects and the like. But for the most part, they're there. Now we will always continue to be active in the market for tuck-ins, small -- smaller acquisitions in size, that bring new skill sets or capabilities to us. And I mentioned a couple of them, QuantHouse, R2, CMA for Capital IQ. But Jack was talking about the additional tendering opportunity in CRISIL. We like those opportunities a lot. And through globalization and the expansion of capital markets around the world and the introduction of new bond markets and the like, we plan to be very aggressive in terms of being able to expand our global footprint. So tuck-in acquisitions that give us new skill sets or capabilities are always important to us. But -- and for the most part, our businesses are organically driven.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. We're obviously very excited about the prospects of Capital IQ going forward. And we took a little bit of a step-back in terms of the acquisitions of those 3 capabilities, QuantHouse, R2 and CMA, from the -- from last year in all of that. But all of that was done to accelerate the top line. And you're exactly right, customer acquisition is what it's all about. And we have been able to provide some tremendous traction there, and that will accelerate the top line. We still have a little bit of year-over-year comparisons to get through in terms of the second half, but we fully expect that the investments that we've made and the continued customer acquisition will get us to a much higher level.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, and again, Craig, as the release stated, non-transaction revenue increased 12% and represented 52% of S&P Ratings' total revenue. And I'd compare that 52% to 58% from the same period last year.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Craig, if you want to circle back with Chip, we'll give you some specific numbers on that for what we've got.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, the only thing that I would say on DOJ -- and again, remember, the judge was very explicit, and he didn't want this going back and forth in media circles or public circles and all of those things, so we, obviously, are going to honor that -- let me just say that we look forward to getting our side of the story out there and the facts and figures on this thing, and we feel very confident and comfortable with that.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, I mean, again, it's a public company. And as a public company, once you start getting above 75%, you're going to be in issues of delisting and things like that. So we are very, very excited about CRISIL, and it is performing extremely well in a marketplace that is going to be we're adding, what, $1 trillion of infrastructure over the next 5 years and all the financing mechanisms associated with that. It also represents a launchpad for other geographic expansion outside of India. So we are very excited about it. And we're in a tender offer period at this point and probably shouldn't comment any further on that, but very excited about it.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: And as always, Peter, as we go, we'll be looking at it very hard, and we'll give you any kind of guidance that we see as we go.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, it's always, obviously, a balancing of considerations in all of that. And Patrick, I can't state any more clearly how enthusiastic we are and excited about the share repurchase program we have in place and what we've been able to accomplish to date in all of that. But the opportunity for CRISIL using offshore cash was particularly welcoming because of what we wanted to do and what we want to represent in that marketplace.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, Ed, again, in terms of the whole notion of data content, benchmarks, analytics, we obviously are looking at all things that could be constructive to the portfolio. At this point, I would suggest that if we are doing any acquisitions, they're going to be relatively small, and they're going to give us different skills or capabilities that would enhance our portfolio. The portfolio now is largely organic-driven, and we're very excited about that because of the talent that we have and those kind of capabilities. There are no plans at this point for expansion. We are very focused on share repurchase. We're very focused on strategic things, like the tender opportunity with CRISIL.
