Jack Callahan: Expense growth was mid-single digit in the ratings business, in the first quarter, we are not anticipating some big significant step ups as we go through the year. I think the margin expansion will be based in part what we see in terms of perhaps improved issuance trends over the balance of the year, combined with our ongoing cost reduction programs, but we continue to expect some reasonable sustained margin in this business going forward.
Jack Callahan: Maybe I'll comment on Doug's comments, just back to guidance assumptions, I would tell you across our all the business I think are very much in line with our ingoing assumptions with maybe the possible exception of the slow start that we saw on our bond issuance within rate. Balance of that I think we feel pretty much in line and I think we will be monitoring that obviously over the balance of the year and much more stable now than it was at the start of the year.
Jack Callahan: Well, there are various aspects of this that drove it during the quarter. If you recall, there was a lot of M&A activity in Europe, so our of Rating Evaluation Services are one of those areas which was quite attractive for the markets during the quarter. We have seen over time 9%, 7%. We have seen steady growth in this area. It hasn't been always as robust as the 9%, but over the last four quarters it's been over 6% every quarter. It has averaged over 7%, so we think it's a combination of shifts in capital markets that kind of work that a financial institution and corporates need to look at their ongoing long-term capital raising. Also, as large issuers around the globe, especially in Europe and other markets become much more frequent issuers, they shift from a transaction model to a non-transaction model, so there are a lot of secular trends which help us on this, but obviously we are not going to project out that it's always going to be 9%.
Jack Callahan: Then take the operating profit as well. I did the calculation the other day. It was just a few percentage related to that. 3% is the difference.
Jack Callahan: Let me just add that one of the things that we want to make sure that you follow carefully throughout the year is a year-on-year comparisons in what we call an organic. Since it sounds strange to talk about organic growth and you see margins going up from there, but we exited lower margin or slow growth businesses or underperforming businesses and so one of the other aspects of our margin expansion is going to be as we look at comparisons of our operating businesses without those slower growth and slower driver businesses that are included, so that's part of the business was reconditioning the portfolio and rationalizing it towards businesses want to invest in.
Jack Callahan: If you look at the first quarter, I mean, we had margin improvement in all the businesses with the exceptional of the Ratings business and that's understandable with issuance environment, so with a better issuance environment you could see margin improvement there.
Jack Callahan: There is no change in guidance, because this accounting change was fully considered in both, our financial plans and in our initial guidance, so there's no impact to where we were a quarter ago.
Jack Callahan: Yes. Largely it does, but just remember that from a bottom line point of view on 73%, it's the EPS, so it has about $0.02 EPS impact on the quarter.
Jack Callahan: I think we are approaching 60, right? Maybe did better, but one of the things we are benefiting from here is that we had picked up you know, Doug's comments, we picked up some additional licensees that are also benefiting the portfolio, so I think we are in an obviously at a very enviable position in that business.
Jack Callahan: In terms of share repurchase, we are going to stay flexible on that one. As you saw, we were pretty active in Q1 and that we have a lot of flexibility relative to our authorization, so we will update the market as we go through quarter-by-quarter.
Jack Callahan: We would try and stay with the overly explicated about our existing contracts, but let's just call it a couple of points above revenue growth, but very manageable.
Jack Callahan: Well, we haven't broken it by much detail, but I mean, the Desktop business has been growing kind of 5%, 6%, 7-ish percent for the last couple years. We have been pretty pleased and we will talk about this that our Desktop business is certainly gaining share. Let's put it that way.
Jack Callahan: I think Construction is the most significant. There might be a few small products here and there, but nothing that I would imagine significant.
Jack Callahan: Well put, Craig. No, I think one of the part of this change is to have more visibility, more alignment on the total cost of doing business, so yes I do anticipate that collectively we will have a lot more focus on what we can do to manage these shared costs and make them a contributor to ongoing margin enhancement going forward, so I think some real benefits of having everyone working out the same set of numbers.
Jack Callahan: It's kind of highly dependent on what's going on with what your view of the market is going forward, because it's so based on capital that flows particularly into ETFs and mutual funds, can be also impacted by volatility, so it's hard to kind of point to a steady state sort of growth rate going forward. You know right now I think for the first half of the year growth probably is in the similar to what we saw on Q1 less the impact of the accounting change and maybe not quite as strong in the second half, because of the modest impact of some of the loss on revenue on UBS. Then I think you get overlay what your view of the equity markets going forward.
Jack Callahan: If I can add just one last thing, with ETFs being the dominant portion of that business, even in a flat market environment your are still seeing inflows in the Platts investing and about 12% of the increase in AUM came from Inflows, so we think that trend will continue.
Jack Callahan: Well, from the point of view of the market issuance overall, the quarter as I said earlier was a choppy quarter. It began with incredibly low issuance in January and February. There was a lot of discussions about what happening with the Fed, with tapering with interest rate movements et cetera, so the first two months of the quarter were very slow. March was picked up the pace and there was a lot more issuance, so when you look across all of the asset classes, generally speaking they were down - for total worldwide issuance was down, in terms of number of issues was down 25% and in par value it was down 4%. As I mentioned earlier, that also impacted some of our earnings, because some of the deals were so large. Structured finance was down 9.4% in the par value and down 13.1% on number of issuance globally, so you start looking at market-by-market. Generally speaking, the first quarter, there was a lot of volatility. Chip could provide you more details on them market-by-market offline on that.
Doug Peterson: This is Doug. It's a combination of both. As you know, the structured finance market overall globally was down a lot. The global decrease in structured finance issuance was actually 13% in number of issues and 9% in terms of par volume and billions of dollars and that was even down further in the United States. It was down by almost 12% in dollar volume in the U.S. and 23% in terms of number of issues, so there was a significant decrease. The European structured finance markets, as I said earlier, remained completely anemic, with the exception of covered bonds and the covered bond issuance is a pretty standardized ongoing set of issuance so we saw a combination of very weak structured finance market. Our market share has fluctuated depending on what kind of asset class you are talking about. Recently, we have not been at as high of a market share in CMBS, but in other asset classes we are continuing with the traditional market shares we have had.
Doug Peterson: Let me start just from a strategic point of view, we are very pleased with the new management team we have in place, our approach to how we are managing the business in allocating capital. A lot of our investments that we have been making in last couple of years have turned out to be the right one, so each business has its own opportunities for growth whether it's new asset classes, new products, customer penetration as well as expansion into international markets, so those are the ways that we are driving the performance and looking at where we put more emphasis and more growth. Clearly, were subject to, in many of our businesses to market volatility that we can't control, but what we can control which is our exposure on where we place our resources and where we are focusing our growth as well as how we manage our margins and manage our expenses, we are doing all we can to control where we can position ourselves for growth and margins, but obviously we do have some market volatility, we always have to live with.
Doug Peterson: One, obviously, we benefited from that one-time catch up in the revenue recognition, but this is as we mentioned this is partly the only quarter where we will have that impact. If you were just to back out basically half the revenue from this quarter…
Doug Peterson: The half revenue increase, so that would give you a better judge of what more run rate may look like going forward.
Doug Peterson: Actually the CMBS market has been next. The strength has been in the last few weeks, but in the quarter it was a down 15%, actually 15.8% in terms of the par value of dollars and number of issuers were down almost 12%. The market has been quite volatile. There is a very different quality of properties coming into the CMBS market, so there's a lot more variability into what the asset class is and what type of assets are in it, whether it's higher-quality properties, lower quality property. How diversified the portfolios are, so we have a very competitive criteria which is understood by the markets. It's a competitive market, we have very good team there and it's one that is as you can see from the new entrance into the market and the rating agencies it is a very competitive part of the market, but we are very well positioned and we have been capturing some of the volumes and it's an area that we have a major focus on.
Doug Peterson: Andre, we are trying to avoid get too detailed into specific margin expansion by business. We are trying to manage a portfolio here. That all being said, if I comment on some of the dynamics for the specific businesses in addition to earlier comments on Ratings. I think in Capital IQ, I think you have seen now over a couple quarters that were largely cycling through those investments and we are going to look to kind of sustained some margin expansion going forward, particularly as we gain the benefits and we are quite encouraged by some of the early indications some of the new functionality and products that are coming into the marketplace. Across commodities and commercial you know we have had stellar margin expansion in those businesses over the last few quarters. I would think we look to have some continued may be modest expansion there, but our primary focus there is really driving the top line growth of Platts J.D. Power, which are both double-digit right now so our focus there is growth.
Doug Peterson: I think, we are still going to have, while we are seeing a step in issuance. Certainly saw that in March, continuing into April. You know, there is very difficult comp on issuance in the second quarters, so that's going to be a tough comparison, but then I think again in the third and fourth quarter, we anticipating some solid growth and that's in part point to strong performance.
Doug Peterson: Well, I mean, I think what we are trying to point to is, overall our guidance is assuming at least a one point margin improvement overall across the entirety of our businesses. I think that's been sort of the guidance that we have given. All being said, there building on our comments earlier in both ratings and capitals and commodities and Cap IQ, we do think we should have some sustained margin improvement as we cycle through the/the year.
Doug Peterson: On Platts, we are looking at expanding. If you think about the Platts business, it's got a large concentration in petroleum and petrochemicals, fair related to that so we are seeing a lot of interest in getting more transparency in the market using more benchmarks as these markets become more global and there more complexity, more information floating around large stake on what happens with countries and companies et cetera. so we are looking at expanding into further expansion to metals, ag, power and gas, so we're going to be looking at organic, inorganic opportunities, but specifically we have a lot of interest in growing in the other, diversifying into other types of commodities just petroleum.
Doug Peterson: I think, a fair assessment from a profit point of you. There could be a little bit of revenue impact more in the back half of this year and going into the first part of next, but from a bottom line point of view I think we have it offset.
Doug Peterson: I think our guidance can manage to exactly what you said, flat to modestly down. Then over the balance of the year we do in part driven by much, much some easier comps, particularly in third quarter. We would see return to solid growth in the back half of the year.
Doug Peterson: I would add though that clearly, we have this impact from markets that Jack mentioned, but on the other hand we are investing for growth in markets like Korea and Taiwan. Last quarter, we invested in Mexico and Colombia. We bought out the BMI and GSCI, so we are investing in areas of the markets where we think there will be growth like the emerging markets like Asia, so we don't want to have a one trick pony and just be dominant by the S&P 500. We want to take advantage of that brand and the expertise in the platform that we have, add more product and more capacity into it, so you should be hearing from us over time a lot of these types of partnerships and investments, which also are going to help drive growth. They might not drive growth next quarter or the quarter after that. It might take a while to see the growth coming through, but we think with the type of globalization markets we want to be using that is also a place where we play.
Doug Peterson: Thank you. All right. That includes the call, so would like to thank you for joining us and we will talk to you in future. Thanks.
Ken Vittor: Yes. There is no scheduled trial date. The judge has asked the parties to submit and we have a joint statement as to what would be an acceptable trial date and subject to certain caveats. The parties have indicated in September 2015 trial date, but the judge has not ordered that. There is no scheduling order yet as to a specific trial date. In terms of the next date to be looking at, the judge has a hearing in May on May 27th, where he will resolve issues relating to the process by which privilege issues associated with the documents that he has ordered to be produced to S&P in response to our motion to compel, how that will be handled either through a special master or magistrate, so that will be the next hearing in the case. In terms of this Space Coast case, which your referencing that is a very helpful ruling in granting our motion to dismiss, the court issued a ruling which said that it's not enough to claim that they were generalized concerns about rating agencies or the business model, but issuer paved model that you have to tie whatever your generalized concerns are about rating agencies to the specific CDOs that the plaintiffs claim they lost money on. That failure to alleged with specificity led to the second dismissal in the Space Coast case and we will be using that precedent in the DOJ case and other cases, because there is a similar defect in many of the complaints filed against S&P in that they have generalized concerns about how the rating agencies operated during the financial crisis, but they don't tie them to the specific CDOs that are at issue either in the DOJ case or the other case, so we think that's a very helpful precedent for us.
Ken Vittor: Yes. It re-appealed the denial of the motion to dismiss or logging was held and the appeal was pending, so the timing will depend on when the Court of Appeals issues a ruling on our appeal of the motion to dismiss.
Ken Vittor: Our argument in the motion is that in order to have a negligent misrepresentation claim in California, it has to relate to a past or present fact and we argue that the court below got it wrong by treating an opinion as a fact when all of the courts across the country have treated ratings uniformly as opinions, future looking opinions, forward-looking opinions, so our argument is there can be negligent misrepresentation claim by Calpers because the predicate is missing. There is no present or past fact that has been misrepresented when you have a ratings opinion.
Ken Vittor: You have particular quarters [first] quarter where your are rolling out more compensation, so you have the offset and that's what we kind of highlighted that one of the Jack's slides.
Tim McHugh: Okay. Then within Capital IQ, you talked about Desktop growing 8%, but I guess even your Desktop and Enterprise Solutions only grew 4. I guess, what's offsetting that and can we see anything I guess that overall part of the business creep up towards that high single-digit growth rate that you described just for the Desktop part of the business. There is a set of different products that we have under this and see Capital IQ Desktop and Enterprise Solutions and we have got portfolio risk, we have got [compu] stat in there we have we've got consolidated feed. We are investing in that business and recently we acquired a business in Europe called QuantHouse we are doing investment in there and we think those will be obviously paying off at some point in the future, but what's really important for us right now is to drive the Desktop growth. This is critical, because it gets our key product into people's offices and we are investing in the new capability in the desktop which we think are very clearly targeted at the needs of credit analysts and portfolio analysts and others, so there that this will help us drive our growth in the future, but that's one of the reasons we wanted to highlights 8% specifically in Desktop.
Tim McHugh: How would that 8% compared to last year though couple of years. I can't recall if you have broken it out in that much detail.
Tim McHugh: The growth this quarter it's basically a continuation of the trend or did the growth pick up is what I was trying to understand.
Craig Huber: Yes. Good morning. Just can you talk a little bit further about your outlook here for the transaction-based revenues within ratings? The second quarter you alluded to how tough year-over-year comp is there, but are you expecting that to be flat to down in the second quarter. Just curious with your backlogs are you seeing in the next couple of months.
Craig Huber: Also you guys have been very good on the rationalize your portfolio in recent years. I am just curious if you think there is much left to go on that front going forward, besides what you have already announced on the construction side.
Craig Huber: Shifting to the unallocated expenses back down to the operating units, I am just curious will that change the mindset at all with your managers of the various business units to be more cognizant of those expenses or are they already very well contained - already embedded in what their metrics are based on the compensation every year.
Craig Huber: Your share buybacks at 2.2 million shares you guys bought back, is the DOJ case in your minds holding you back from picking up the shore buybacks meaningfully from these levels? No. Look, I think as we said before, I think we have an extraordinarily flexible and strong balance sheet I think that gives us a lot of flexibility going forward, so it maybe a consideration in the sense that we want reserves of flexibility, but I think we have adequate flexibility to have a lot of choices via the either share repurchase and/or addition to the portfolio.
