John F. Callahan: Yes, Alex, first of all, we do anticipate resuming the share repurchase program, as we commented. But it is a new time for us, right? We do -- we've moved past this moment in time. We have more flexibility now that we've addressed some of the largest legal and regulatory issues facing the company. So yes, we could and will contemplate selectively adding leverage as appropriate, either to appropriate acquisitions and/or to accelerate share repurchases. And we have ample capacity to do that. Our goal is to remain investment grade, and so we have ample capacity to consider all those options. And frankly, we're looking forward to having that flexibility to think about those moving forward.
John F. Callahan: Well, just first on legal. As we have spoken in past calls, legal spend has grown significantly. And it was probably the most significant area of expense growth in the Ratings business. As we go through 2015, our guidance does assume that our legal expense begins to decline, that probably -- particularly as we start or begin to the second quarter and beyond. So we do think it begins to add to margin expansion. That all being said, while I think we have addressed some of the major issues facing the company from a legal point of view, there will be -- there continues to be some legal issues that we have to continue to monitor. So it's not going to go to 0. But we do think it's going to make a meaningful contribution to margin expansion for the year. And then back to your other question about efficiency opportunities. I think, as you can see in the restructuring actions that we've taken, both in the third and fourth quarter across Ratings business, the team has identified -- they have a new program in place, it's called The Way We Work, and it is simplifying and streamlining the work we do every day to produce a rating on a timely fashion in a high-quality way. And we're quite confident that as we continue to drive that program, that can continue further opportunities to improve our quality and improve our turnaround time, and over time, continue to generate efficiencies.
John F. Callahan: Peter, we -- our guidance does assume, let's call it, more of a foundational amount of share repurchases. Nothing, let's call it, terribly heroic. However, I think as we go through the year, we'll be obviously -- we'll have some opportunities to come back and reevaluate that.
John F. Callahan: Yes, no, our revenue guidance does assume a view of the current ForEx environment, which is quite challenging right now. And we do believe that it -- in terms of our initial assumptions, it's probably costing us, in revenue, about 1 point to 1.5 points in growth as we go into the year. A few interesting things, while about 40% of our -- a little over 40% of our revenue is from foreign-sourced customers, we actually bill in dollars for about 80% of our revenue. So we're not that -- the exposure that we have on the revenue side is actually quite limited. And the major currencies there would be the euro, the sterling and the rupee. And then on the other side, we do have some expense exposures that we need to monitor and stay on top of. And just as a reminder, we have close to 8,000 associates in India, and so, obviously, a movement in the rupee can have a significant impact on our expense base.
John F. Callahan: Look, there's -- I think right now, relative, we have about 2 dozen cases outstanding, a good number of them outside of the United States. Nothing is really pending for trial right now. So we'll continue to monitor and work through those. But if there's opportunities to pragmatically resolve those issues, I would just point to today's release. There were -- there was a charge that we took for $35 million that addressed settlement-related issues with a good number of cases. So while there may be -- I don't think the financial exposure is quite any way is relative to some of the issues -- other issues that were resolved in the quarter.
John F. Callahan: No. We -- all I'd like to say is that we do believe it's going to make a solid contribution to the ongoing margin expansion within Ratings. But that all being said, it's quite likely we're going to spend a little bit more money in the area of compliance and risk management. But net-net, we do overall believe it's going to make a significant contribution to future margin expansion.
John F. Callahan: There was -- in the area of technology, there is some savings that's baked into procurement. So just to kind of simplify the message, there were places and areas of technology where we had some opportunities to leverage our scale to reduce the number of the supplier -- of some suppliers who are using some key areas of software development. And that's providing some savings. So they -- we see -- as a reminder, back on Investor Day, the purpose of that slide was to lay out the target and to inform investors the various different places where we were going to look for savings. And now that we have done more of the work, I think this -- what the slide today gives you a better representation of what we actually expect to realize.
John F. Callahan: Well, part of it was the -- Craig, we -- this is related a little bit to that impairment charge we took a year ago in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter of '13. So we did lose a license. So that did -- and that really did not start to impact the P&L at all until the third quarter, and then more meaningfully in the fourth. And I suspect it's also going to be a bit of a drag as we go into the first part of next year. Overall, in terms of the underlying performance of the business, we were actually quite pleased with the way the business finished the year. And assets under management actually ended up a bit ahead of our expectations.
John F. Callahan: Well, I mean, I think -- let's put this in terms of -- as a leverage multiple. So somewhere between 2.5x to 3x EBITDA. So I think that would be sort of the range, I think, that we can comfortably stay solidly investment grade.
John F. Callahan: We don't historically give such business-by-business margin on guidance at this point. I would point back that overall, on a consolidated basis, we do expect margin expansion at the consolidated level of at least 125 basis points. But just to put a little bit more color on it, it's hard to achieve that if Ratings particularly does not make some contribution, just kind of given its overall size in the portfolio. On the other hand, if you'd like to go maybe to the other extreme, it's kind of hard to really challenge our Indices business to kind of significantly expand their margins when they're already at 63% or 64%. So I do think there's -- I think there is sort of a range of opportunity that we're mindful as we start to build our overall margin expectations for the business.
John F. Callahan: Just on the -- if I was going to limit my comments more narrowly in terms of the legal regulatory settlements to just the Department of Justice, the items with the 19 states and CalPERS, the effective tax rate on those charges is a little less than 20% or high teens, roughly in that area. So there is some tax deductibility. It's not total. The -- right now, we don't see a need, and we're not confident the most -- the best economic choice is to use offshore cash, even though that cash is available. Just kind of given the cost of funding that we can access through our credit facility, that's probably the more pragmatic solution for us if we need a bit of funding here. So that's probably more -- that's probably the path we're going to go down.
John F. Callahan: Yes. No, look, I think we will -- of the $140 million, we'll realize 75% of that by the end of 2015. So to be clear, we started -- as we started to work these programs, we started to get some benefits last year in '14. And so there's a bit of a benefit that we've already realized in our numbers. We do think in '15 -- and '15 is probably the year we'll get the most benefit, so we do think we'll get approaching half, maybe not quite, of the benefit in this year. And that ties very much to the guidance that were given on ongoing margin expansion. And we expect we'll continue to get some additional benefit as we go into '16. And some of these things are timing. Just to give you one real good example, we already have started to get some savings from our exit of our headquarters building at 1221 Sixth Avenue. But we still have employees there. We won't be in a position to shut that down until later this year. Once we do that, then we'll have completed that program. So we started to feather some of these savings in. And we think what will -- we're in good shape to both exceed the target and to make this a meaningful contribution to our margin expansion plan.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, thank you, Peter, for the question. That's a valuable focus that we're talking about. As you can see from our guidance that we just gave, we're looking at increasing our adjusted operating profit margin by another 125 basis points for the whole company. It is a very important focus of ours. And obviously, in order to get it right, it requires both a quarter-by-quarter review as well as a longer-term view. And we've got initiatives to grow our top line, and we've talked about a few of them with you. Our focus on customers, which includes how we can have better penetration, our coverage, our segmentation, our pricing. And in addition to that, other ways that we can increase our jaws to get also a much more efficient focus on expenses. We do benchmark against other peers in the market. And some of them, we have better margins than others. We are looking at improving our margins. But this is a very, very big focus of the entire management team.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, we don't normally give a lot of details about our negotiation strategies. But as we've said in our materials that we issued, this was a time when given the -- where we were in the discovery process and the overall litigation process, it was to the benefit of all parties to resolve these issues and move on.
Douglas L. Peterson: And on the overall environment, if you want to talk about the business environment of the Index business and potential M&A. As we've mentioned in our prior disclosures, as well as our discussions about the Index business, we continue to focus on international expansion. As you know, we set up deals last year in Mexico, Peru, Colombia, Brazil, Korea, Taiwan and then across many African nations. We think that this is a secular trend. It's one that we should be heavily focused on. And that also includes building relationships with exchanges around the world. And then another area that we believe is going to be growth is in fixed income indices. So our major growth focus is on international expansion and on fixed income indices. Our base case is based on organic growth and investments using our own platform. And clearly, if there were opportunities or different properties were available, we would always like to take a look. But we don't comment on any speculation about our acquisition activities.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes, that's one of the areas we're spending a lot of time looking at. In the Platts business, we're looking obviously at the different parts of the entire value chain. We have a very small portion of our business is with people that are wildcatters and in the fracking and shale activity industry that represents about 3% of our total business. But what we're also seeing during this period is that we are having very high retention rates of our services as we normally do. There is a lot of demand for information about oil prices and oil fundamentals, petroleum products, et cetera, in this kind of environment. But we believe that we're well positioned to serve the markets and serve their information needs. But at the same time, we're building flexibility into our workforce and into our planning for 2015, in case there is any sort of downturn in volumes in the business that we see.
Douglas L. Peterson: Ed, well, thank you for being on the call, and thank you for the question. What we're really looking for is now taking advantage of the excellent work that's been done the last couple years to rationalize the portfolio, to put in place a culture of high-quality customer engagement, of focusing on growth, of ensuring that we have a best-in-class control, and that this is the kind of platform that'll allow us to continue to grow the company and deliver results. So this is really what we're all about. It's being about our customers, having great engaged employees and delivering for our shareholders. Well, let me thank everyone for joining us. We are very excited about our prospects for 2015. As you've heard us, we think that we're well positioned for growth and that we've got a great focus on providing superior customer engagement, looking at international opportunities and very, very importantly, focused on our margin expansion. That's something we've got a track record over the last couple years. We want to continue to deliver that. I look forward to updating all of you throughout the year, and thank you again very much.
