Douglas L. Peterson: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, all. We noted on our last earnings call that comparisons for the Standard & Poor's Ratings Services segment would become much more difficult in the second half of 2013. And you can see that in the reported numbers. Revenue for the segment, however, grew 8%. Adjusted operating profit increased 5%. The corresponding adjusted margin decreased 120 basis points to 42%. While third quarter expenses decreased sequentially, year-over-year, they increased approximately 10%, primarily due to technology-related investment, modest increases in marketing and compliance expenditures. However, headcount remained relatively unchanged year-over-year. We were able to increase both revenue and profit despite issuance that actually decreased year-over-year. The increase in revenue was not driven by issuance but rather by increased bank loan ratings, entity credit ratings and rating evaluation services. Bank loan ratings were particularly strong, increasing 73%, driven by a tripling in Europe, primarily as a result of the refinancing of existing bridge loans, maturing debt and recapitalizations. In the near term, we expect the levels of issuance to be impacted by the continuing market reaction to the U.S. debt ceiling, Federal Reserve tapering and interest rate levels overall. You'll see that non-transaction revenue grew 9%, driven by increased entity credit ratings and ratings evaluation services. Despite a decrease in issuance, transaction revenues increased 6% as a result of a 73% increase in bank loan ratings. As you see in the table, international gains exceeded domestic gains. This was driven by 16% growth in our European revenues, driven primarily by corporate activity despite a drop in corporate issuance overall. These charts also show third quarter year-over-year issuance decreases in both United States and Europe of 3% and 18% respectively. In the U.S., corporate issuance was flat and public issuance was down 19% as municipal issuers shied away from the markets after Detroit's bankruptcy. Structured issuance was strong in the CMBS sector, up 47%, RMBS up 26% and CDOs, predominantly CLOs that were up 88%, albeit all of these were off smaller bases. And these offset the weaknesses in the larger ABS market, which dropped 14% overall. In Europe, corporate issuance decreased 20%, but high-yield issuance increased 82%. This was due to record low spreads and diversification of funding from banks. Structured issuance decreased 9% due primarily to the ECB's long-term refinancing offering, known as the LTRO, and its impact on covered bonds. Since this will be Terry's last earnings conference call, we thought it only appropriate to highlight a few of the major accomplishments that have taken place under his leadership. Terry became CEO April 29, 1998. In his first letter to shareholders, he wrote, "Our commitment to our shareholders is to increase shareholder value by serving our markets aggressively and ethically and, like our customers, striving to reach our full potential." Since 1998, the company has delivered a total return of approximately 300% versus only 97% for the S&P 500. The company returned more than $13 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And the company continued yearly increases to a dividend that began in 1937 and has been increased every single year since 1973. But more importantly, under Terry's leadership, he has transformed the company. In 1998, the company was predominantly a collection of publishing assets. Financial Services represented only 31% of the $3.7 billion annual revenue and the operating margin was 18.5%. During the last 15 years, the company has divested the publishing assets to others who can make the most with those businesses. And it has reshaped the Financial Services segment into the leading portfolio of brands we have today, a portfolio with an adjusted operating margin that has more than doubled since 1998 and a portfolio that provides essential intelligence. That's essential intelligence through leading ratings, benchmarks and analytics to its customers. While Terry is stepping down as President and CEO, he will remain as Chairman of the Board, providing his guidance and insights to me and the rest of the management team. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Terry. And thank you, all.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes, let me start, then I'm going to hand it over to Jack. So we -- see, first of all, as you noticed, compared to sequential, we were able to decrease our expenses sequentially quarter-on-quarter, although you see an increase year-on-year. The year-on-year increase is primarily driven, as I mentioned, by a combination of technology expenses. We are increasing our modernization of our workflow processes, our publishing, as well as compliance and control systems to always modernize and update and have continuous improvement in our businesses. In addition, as I mentioned, we've had some other increase in compliance expenses, which is partially headcount and partially related to those systems. We see on the top line as well a -- what you saw was a decrease significantly in corporate issuance across the globe. But we were able to make up for that and continue to see growth compared to last year at the top line based off of very strong bank loan ratings, ratings evaluation services and other areas that are allowing us to diversify our business processes and continue to maintain relevance in the credit markets. For the fourth quarter, I'm going to ask Jack to provide a little bit more update on what we're seeing there.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, you almost answered the question in the question itself. But let me tell you, first of all, I'm really thrilled by this opportunity and thank Terry and the board for the opportunity to take this on. The biggest surprise I've had is that I continue to be really overwhelmed and amazed by the quality of our brands, the quality of our people, the commitment to markets and our customers. And it's premature for me to give you any specific answers. But I do want to reiterate something that I've said before, which is in Terry's letter to the shareholders in 1998, he reiterated a commitment to the shareholders to increase shareholder value, to serve the markets aggressively and ethically. And I look forward to continuing with that legacy and that approach and, in particular, focusing on our customers and our people.
Douglas L. Peterson: What we are seeing right now on the overall markets are continued volatility and choppiness. We have seen an increase in issuance recently. And what I mentioned in the fourth quarter, there had been a decrease in some of the other traditional ABS markets. We've recently seen the U.S. banks, in particular, given their access to capital and their need to diversify and interest in diversifying funding sources, returning to the credit card and auto loan securitization markets. CMBS has been particularly strong, although our market share in the CMBS area, we've been focusing on using our criteria, which is very transparent and has a focus on the quality of the assets. So despite some of the surge of the CMBS market, our market share has not been that high, it's in the 30% range, but higher than it has been a year ago. So overall, we're seeing corporate issuance a little bit slower and, as I said, choppy after the government slowdown. Many of the issuers and banks that we've been speaking with are looking carefully at the interest rate environment, which means that on the one hand, you've got people cautious about entering markets, and on the other hand, in particularly high-yield corporate issuance, picking up to continue to take advantage of the very interesting and attractive markets. In Europe, we continue to see the deleveraging of the bank environment overall, which means that the capital markets are strong. Corporate issuance, despite dropping the third quarter, continues to see high-yield issuance and smaller global corporates in Europe are tapping the capital markets. So without giving any specific guidance for the fourth quarter, we do know that we have a tough overlap from last year and we are watching the pipelines very closely. And as we said, the beginning of the month was quite choppy because of the U.S. government shutdown.
Douglas L. Peterson: I don't have a full-blown projection for the first half of next year. But I would tell you that we are carefully targeting our investments and our expenses to match what we expect to see in the markets. We have certain expenses we can flex one way or the other, depending on what we see. But as you heard earlier in the call and you can see in our numbers, we have also undertaken a plan to find other sources of revenue, one of those being the bank loan ratings product, which we had identified last year as an area that we wanted to target specifically. We knew that having bank loan ratings would allow banks to have more liquidity for their loans. It also makes those loans easier to put into securitizations and CLOs. And so we're finding ways, whether it's Europe with the deleveraging taking place in the bank loan markets in Europe, as well as our growth in Asia, which doesn't hit the bottom line as much. But we see that as a very critical long-term area for us to continue to grow. So we will be responsive to what we see in the markets with our products and services. We continually try to find other areas that we can grow and leverage our expertise and our knowledge. At the same time, we're also ensuring that we are flexible on expenses. As I mentioned earlier, despite some of the investments in technology and compliance-related expenses, as you know, the CRA3 came into effect, which meant that we had some people that were working very hard to meet all of those compliance areas there. We've been able to provide service to all of our clients to the markets without appreciable increase in headcount. So as I said, we will be watching the markets carefully and we will be very, very cognizant of our expense base and flex, where possible.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, I'm going to give you a first part of the answer, and then hand it over also to Jack, who studied this very carefully. First of all, we've been targeting our margins in the mid-40% range as our operating margin. This is the target that we've been consistently looking at. We believe that there's a combination of, on the revenue side, diversification of revenues as we've mentioned with things like bank loan ratings, regional and geographical expansion and ensuring that we are covering all the relevant markets, where capital markets activities are increasing. So we're focused heavily on the top line growth, and in addition to that, on the bottom line. But on the other hand, we're going to continue to operate at a very high level of quality, of assurance with our compliance requirements around the globe. And we want to make sure that we have the best quality of delivery of our services, of our publishing and our data and other types of standards. So we're targeting a level of margins in the mid-40% range. And that's really quite important for us. Let me hand it over to Jack.
Douglas L. Peterson: Jack and I have looked carefully at Moody's margins. And we think there are couple of reasons. One of them has to do with the inclusion of CRISIL in our Ratings segment. CRISIL has a slightly different business mix. It is a combination of an Indian rating agency. They also provide outsourcing services, or if you want to call it, in-sourcing, where they do an excellent quality of support work and analytical and data input work for the Ratings business. And then they have a third business line, which is global analytical research that they support investment banks and insurance companies around the globe with their analytical processes. CRISIL operates at a lower margin. And that's one of the factors, which, if you look at, is about 120 to 150 basis points differential in the margin between Moody's and S&P. Another key differential is the level of market share and penetration in the Structured Finance business. And as you know, in 2011 and 2012, S&P had withdrawn for a period of time from the CMBS market and was operating at a much lower penetration of the CMBS market. So there was a significant difference in the revenue levels in the CMBS area, which was another 250 to 300 basis points differential in the Moody's margin between theirs and ours. And additionally, there was another level of difference that we believe that we operate in a slightly different business model with some of our regional offices and the infrastructure that we think is very important to support our businesses, to be responsive to the regulators and local constituencies. We don't know what the difference is of the margin there, but it's critical for us to have a strong global franchise and we invest in that because it gives us presence in the market and allows us to support our activities. So that's really something that we see as 3 of the key different components in our margin differential. And I'll hand it over to Ken to give us an update on the DOJ.
Douglas L. Peterson: So let me mention that what's really critical here is that our analysis and our ratings are based off of very hard-working independent team of analysts and credit experts that we call our criteria or basically it's our methodology that we define and work on for different products. And since the financial crisis, we have undertaken a thorough review of every single set of criteria that we have across the entire organization to incorporate the lessons learned from the financial crisis. We've updated our models. We've reviewed our models. These are done by a team of experts, as I said, that are independent from the ratings process itself. The first set of criteria that were changed in the organization related to those that had the largest and highest impact from the financial crisis, and that meant RMBS and CMBS. That was followed by other types of structured products, and then banks and insurance companies. And recently, we have undertaken a review as well of public finance and are now just launching a review of corporates, which is at the back end of all of this. So our criteria team puts out into the market for review and review and comments our criteria. We then take it back. We apply it to the markets. And what we then have is a set of products and services that we go to the market on with our ratings. Now in particular, there were a couple of critical articles on CMBS and RMBS. Our CMBS and RMBS, both of our criteria, they focus on the quality of the assets and the transaction and the long-term cash flows that are generated by those assets. And as you've seen deals that were at a higher-quality end of the spectrum, we have been more likely to be included on those deals. When the pricing or there's more aggressive underwriting or optimistic expectations for financial performance, we have not been rating on those deals. We are working very closely with the markets and have different proposals that we're looking at related to ratings shopping. These look at potentially modifications to the 17g-5. I know I'm getting a little bit too technical there, but ways to modify transparency and more information being provided to the markets. But basically, let me go back to where I began. We have a very high quality set of people that focus on the quality of our criteria. It's developed independently, and then it's applied by our analysts also independently. And we see what we get in the quality of the assets and we call it as we see it.
Douglas L. Peterson: And on acquisitions, as we've mentioned earlier in this call, we want to have a very well articulated in [ph] a plan for capital, which is defined and worked closely with the board. That would include a combination of investments in organic growth, in investments in acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases. So it's premature for me to give you any guidance on that yet. And sometime next year, Jack and I will be working with Terry and the board on giving you more guidance on what direction we see on those. But I think all 4 of those are critical ways for us to think about our capital. And as I said earlier, we want to continue with programs that do provide adequate returns for our shareholders.
John F. Callahan: And I would just add that the third quarter was our lowest revenue quarter of the year. And so I -- some of these expenses have been feathered in during the course of the year. Moving forward into the fourth quarter, it's going to be a tough overlap for the Ratings business in the fourth quarter. We just had a spectacular finish to 2012. But that all being said, on the expense side, we do not anticipate expense growth of this magnitude at all as we go into the fourth quarter as the overlaps also change there. So we're -- we just acknowledge the tough overlap in the quarter on the top line and to remain diligent in managing expense growth as we go into the balance of the year to prepare for next.
John F. Callahan: Andre, I think that your point is a fair one. We initially did give full year guidance of high single-digit for both revenue and profit growth. On a full year basis, kind of given the very strong results that we've had so far this year, I think we would see revenue growth for the year to be in the low-teens and operating profit growth to be in the mid-teens for right now. I'd like to shy away from quarter-specific guidance, but I think that thinking shows that -- and obviously, we're having a very good year and ahead of what we initially had given guidance on back in the first quarter.
John F. Callahan: It's Jack. Why don't I take the margin point? Doug, I think your point that we did get great margin leverage across the balance of the portfolio outside of Ratings, I'll give you just a little color on each. First of all, in terms of S&P Capital IQ, our level of investment in new products really kicked up in the third quarter a year ago. And so that step-up in investments has been lapped to some degree. And so it's a little bit more of a steady-state going forward. We did see going into this year that we hope that we'd return to profit growth by the end of the year. We were pleased to see it in the third quarter. On index, the flow-through was tremendous, as Terry noted in his comments. And I think we're still benefiting there from some of the merger benefits of putting Dow Jones and S&P together, which I think was just wonderful for the margins in that business. And within Commodities & Commercial, it's prudent cost management for J.D. Power and Construction. But we're also getting the very strong growth we're seeing at Platts that comes in at a modestly higher margin that, from an overall mix, really contributes to the tremendous performance that particular business put up in the quarter.
John F. Callahan: Yes. I don't have a lot to add, though. I mean, I think, building on your point earlier about the tight management of expense, particularly around headcount, that we have to be very diligent the way we add cost to this business, kind of given the volatility that we have in the top line. And just as note, the revenue for this business, for the Ratings business in the third quarter is the lowest we've seen now in 4 quarters, and so it does -- when you have a little bit of that volatility in the top line, we do tend to have a little bit of compression in margins. And I think that's manageable. And we will pace any investments we make in the technology and/or compliance-related activities as tight as we can, given the near-term outlook that we have on the market.
John F. Callahan: And Tim, let me just add. It's Jack. Look, it's a tough competitive marketplace for those products. We recognize that. But I think the overall growth rate is being impacted because we have closed down a couple of smaller businesses. We exited Financial Communications. So that will be a drag of 1 point or so of the growth kind of going forward under it. But underneath that, the core CapIQ business, some of the Ratings IP businesses are, as we mentioned earlier, have been growing more in sort of mid -- a little bit stronger. And we remain a little bit more optimistic as we get deeper in leveraging the innovation that's just now coming into the marketplace.
John F. Callahan: Maybe a little bit. Maybe some segments doing better than others. So investment banking, maybe a bit more challenged than investment management, maybe a little bit stronger. So it's not -- maybe plateau-ing the play will be maybe the best way to say it for right now.
John F. Callahan: Yes. Just by its building book of business, we do anticipate from a revenue point of view this year to be the sort of the low mark. And we anticipate beginning to return to revenue growth as we enter into next year.
John F. Callahan: I think it's a question of 2 things. One, there was -- there continues to be a fair amount of option exercise. It's not quite as heavy as last year, but there has been some of that. Also, too, just from the calculation of the fully diluted share count with the increase in the stock price, there's a little bit of an impact. We'll have to -- those are [indiscernible]. And also there was a vesting of an earlier performance share grant that I think also had an impact on a sequential basis.
John F. Callahan: David, just generally -- and there's even a few different businesses within our research portfolio, but it's roughly 10% of the overall mix. There are some components of it that are showing some nice growth. There are some others more that have been a little bit more challenged. So it is the smallest segment, but it has been a big a bit of a drag. And we recognize that. And we are looking at a variety of ways in trying to think about how to shore that up as we move forward as we get ready for next year.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, Alex, this is Terry. I wouldn't put a box around anything with Platts on that one. One of the things that we've able to do is really expand upon the whole commodity base. And one of the things that we reported here was some of the continuing initiatives that are going on both in terms of sugar, iron ore and the like. And we will be continuing to adding commodities and broadening out that base in terms of price discovery and price assessment. Again with spot markets cropping up all over the world, again the ability to have prices that can solve the gap between long-term annual contracts and spot market activity is exactly what we're about, and that's what we're benefiting from.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, okay. Andre, first of all, welcome to the team, and I know this is new for you. And we're delighted that you're with us. Let me turn it over to Jack here, and we can go through the guidance for you.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, Andre. Again, this is Terry. I mean, if history is anything prologue, again in terms of all of the 4 commitments for capital allocation, we've been very strong in terms of increasing the dividend every year for quite some time and also in having a very active share repurchase program. We are also going to be, as we have, in terms of talking about investments and acquisitions and the like, both on the transaction and on the organic side, have focused on that as well. But without making any predictions about what tomorrow brings, share repurchase has been a very important part of our capital allocation program. And I expect that to continue.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay. And again, in terms of all of our businesses, clearly, given the relevance that they play, regulatory setups are going to be very important. One of the things that we have done and Doug has supported and beefed up in a big way is the entire risk compliance and regulatory side. Platts is going to get a lot of attention in a lot of different ways, not just Europe. But let me ask Ken Vittor, as General Counsel, to comment specifically on Europe for Platts.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. Well, Tim, first of all, again it's a work in progress. And as we broke out the 4 categories that make up S&P Capital IQ last time, we have shown strength in all 3 of those areas. The fourth area in terms of proprietary solutions, we have been making some acquisition and development efforts there. And this had to do with the QuantHouse technology. And so we would expect going forward that, again, this is going to be a higher-margin, higher-growth business. And we wish to continue to do that. And by the way, Tim, for you as well, welcome on board. It's nice to have your representation with us.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: No. It's both, Tim. One, as we see more recovery in the real estate sector, we'll benefit from that. But also as we discussed, there's been some changes to the portfolio as well. And we look for this business to be very much like many of our businesses, largely focused on data analytics and benchmarks. So no, no, no, we see improvement both in terms of the market and we see improvements also in terms of the construction of the portfolio.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay. First of all, thanks, Bill [ph]. And you've been with us for a long time and we really appreciate your coverage as well. But thanks on that. Let me go over to cash with Jack, and then we'll go to Doug with acquisitions.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. And Bill [ph], as you know, in all 4 quadrants of dividends, share repurchase, organic and transaction, we have been active in varying degrees, dependent upon portfolio considerations and the like on that one. But to date, we've had a very strong dividend and share repurchase program. We look forward to continuing that. But obviously, we also are looking at the areas for other kinds of growth in terms of organic and transaction. But it's obviously always a balance.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. And the whole game plan on this, David, has been that we're going to continue to work the portfolio in all 4 quadrants that we put out there in terms of sectors. And we're looking at this being a much faster-growing business and a higher-margin. [indiscernible] investments through the QuantHouse technology on the proprietary solutions. And we expect that to be behind us. And next year ought to be continued improvement on that.
