Lance Uggla: Thank you, Eric. Thank you for joining us for the IHS Markit Q2 earnings calls. We had another very strong quarter. Q2 revenue was $1.18 billion, with organic growth of 13%. Adjusted EBITDA of $517 million and margin of 43.8%, up 30 basis points year-over-year FX adjusted, and up 80 basis points now year-to-date; adjusted EPS up 0.81 or $0.81, up 17% over the prior year. So, overall, we’re pleased with the first half of our year, which puts us in an excellent position to raise our full-year guidance today. In terms of core industry verticals, let me first start with our Financial Services segment, which had another strong quarter with 9% organic growth in Q2. Within the division, information performed solidly with organic growth of 5%. Contributors included increased demand for our pricing, reference data, and valuations offerings, as well as continued growth in our equities regulatory reporting and trade and analytics platforms. Solutions had an excellent quarter, with 15% organic growth, and they continue to benefit from robust market activity in equities and loan markets, combined with a broad-based rebound of investment, customers in our software solutions, and our corporate actions and regulatory and compliance offerings. Finally, our processing business grew 6% organically, strengthened loans and derivatives performance as expected. For the full-year, we still expect Financial Services to be in the 7% to 8% organic growth range. Now, moving on to transportation, which had organic revenue growth of 39% in Q2. Now, you'll recall that the basis for comparison, the second quarter of 2020 was depressed by significant pricing concessions that we granted our customers at the height of the COVID-related lockdowns, as well as by particularly challenging trading conditions in the automotive market. However, there is more to this quarter than a low comparison. I'm pleased to say that this quarter’s performance also reflected strong underlying organic growth right across the transportation businesses. Our dealer businesses, that includes CARFAX and Mastermind, are once again experiencing rapid growth. In a retail environment, that's marked by a shortage of inventory both used and new, and by rapidly escalating used car prices, our products are critical to helping the dealers acquire and sell more cars at the right price in the right time. Demand for our predictive solutions, volumes planning, power transmissions compliance, supply chain and technology are all accelerating, as the industry grapples with multiple supply chain disruptions, and as it faces major strategic decisions related to the technology mega trends, those include the connected car, autonomous driving, and electrification. Our marketing audience and measurements business is rapidly expanding its footprint with automotive market tiers. And recently, we announced a wide-ranging partnership with Nielsen, which we are very excited about. And finally, our Maritime & Trade business continued to deliver strong performance. This has been the result of a very focused product strategy and disciplined execution over multiple quarters. We also hosted a successful virtual TPM conference in March. So, for the full-year, we now expect transportation organic growth to be higher, and in the 14% to 16% range, which is up from our previously noted 13% to 15% range. This represents a healthy underlying high single-digit growth rate, excluding the favorable year-over-year comparison due to the pandemic. Moving on to resources, where our organic growth was flat in Q2. Our resources business performance was as expected, with recurring revenue consistent with Q1 and non-recurring revenue benefiting from the return of both CERAWeek and the World Petrochemical Conferences. As expected, our ACV experienced slight positive growth in Q2, which we believe should accelerate in the back half, providing a stronger foundation for our 2022 recurring revenue. Our downstream organic revenue growth performed as expected and should accelerate throughout the rest of the year. Downstream is now 50% of the overall division and upstream 50%. That's a 10% shift year-over-year. In 2021, we continue to expect organic revenue results within resources to improve compared to 2020 and to be down year-over-year in the low single digits as upstream improves and downstream continues its growth trajectory.  Finally, CMS organic revenue growth was in line with our expectations of 1% for the quarter. We expect improving results continue and across CMS throughout the year. For the full-year, we expect CMS to deliver mid-single-digit organic growth. The only update we have on the merger is what S&P Global recently disclosed that we expect the deal to now close in calendar Q4. And now, I'll turn the call over to Jonathan.
Lance Uggla: Thanks, Jonathan. We had another strong quarter as our end markets continue to recover and the teams have executed at a high level. We remain very confident in our ability to deliver strong results for the year as represented by our updated guidance. And operator, we're now ready to open the lines for questions.
Lance Uggla: Okay, maybe I can start and then I'll hand it over to Adam. I guess first off, yeah, I look at Financial Services in high single digits, and I just, to me that’s super strong quarter. So, great performance. I'd say the one thing I'd call out, which if you were following Markit, then IHS Markit over the years, we always viewed our solutions business is having double-digit growth opportunities. And for a little while that slipped into high-single-digits. It's been throughout 2019, 2020, and now 2021, we've started to see that recover and that's a 15% solution, sort of growth. Albeit some of its non-recurring, what's really important is that solutions growth brings and draws recurring revenue. So, a really super performance by the solutions team. I don’t know, Adam, do you want to add in terms of issuance, et cetera.
Lance Uggla: Okay. Probably Brian can give you a real good detail and more granular. So, I'll pass it over to you, Brian.
Lance Uggla: Okay. Thanks, Brian. Really, that’s that I mentioned that I think back [Technical Difficulty] at the merger 60/40, now, for the first time ever 50% downstream with agri having a 10% quarter. It really - the diversification is much, much better. And we'll continue to balance the set of assets with the energy transition and the team has done a good job. Thank you. Next question.
Lance Uggla: Right. Okay. Well, the year will be a year, December 1 to that final quarter. So, you know, it is a long time, but I have to say, you know, the team really got motivated together through COVID. So, you know, I just think the firm rallied around COVID. And culturally, you know, improved and delivered great results. And that carried us through most of the last year. Like anything, we worry that, you know, over time, you can get, you know, a merger fatigue. But we haven't noticed that at all.  I think S&P has done a great job working with my teams on pre-merger planning. And because we've probably had an extra, you know, three or four months, they really have rolled up their sleeves, and just went deeper. And the other thing you should know is, you know, we don't have that much of employee morale issues, because, you know, our energy team is completely different, you know, how the plots of this overlap is going to create a sale that's been announced.  So, you know, even within Opus, people are excited about the fact that they'd be doing something new again. So, that's not an issue. There's no overlap with our upstream and downstream businesses in the Platts, really. The financial services, Adam’s going to be leading that. And, you know, it's exciting integration given lots of opportunities. Automotive, transportation, no real need for overlaps, so Edouard is leading that. Sally's leaving alliances and building a new team across S&P.  So, I think, you know, the teams are all highly motivated. Where the overlap is, of course, in the services, and, you know we did a really good job, both firms have treated the employees very well through this merger period. And so, we haven't had a lot of people at all leaving the firm. And, you know, I feel my teams have done an exceptional job, and are still highly motivated. Jonathan's been leading the IMO from our side. So, maybe he can add a little bit of additional color to that.
Lance Uggla: Yeah, that's a good question Toni. Thanks for that. So, we – I think where IHS Markit standalone has an edge in ESG is clearly around the E, and scope 123 emissions science-based targets, the challenges of, you know, for corporations, governments who will want to regulate coming out of the [COP 26], these are areas where we have real substantive detail, climate analytics. We have data that plays into climate analytics. So, location data around energy assets, our maritime and trade group have very detailed supply chain footprints for all the maritime fleet.  We have, you know, some great new products and services that play into research and development around E. So, I think we have the competitive edge as IHS Markit in E. When you marry that with S&P Global, I actually think the combination gets even stronger, and they do have the RobecoSAM, Trucost, and other assets that are very, very valuable in terms of, you know, competing with the likes of, you know MSCI, FTSE, the LSE group, you know various providers of ESG ratings and scores that are much more driven off the, you know, public knowledge, SNG versus the E.  So I think our combination is going to give us a competitive edge and give us a lot of opportunity to grow into, and I think across S&P Global and IHS Markit, this is a very strong double-digit growth engine for, you know, at least a decade. Because, you know, there's 1.5 trillion a year being spent, you know, on climate change now, and that number is expected to grow to something like 4.5 trillion. And so, I think we've got lots to offer, and you know we'll watch this space closely. Next question.
Lance Uggla: Yeah. No, it's great. We have over 250 interns and 250 graduates joining. So, you know, that fuels, a lot of our growth that manages our expenses. Okay, next question.
Lance Uggla: No, I'd say as expected. We're definitely not ahead of schedule, but, you know, what I really like is the continued shift to a division that's highly diversified, like financial services, like transportation where we've got strong diversification across, you know, many facets of global economies that are, you know dealing with energy transition, new sources of energy, circular economy and demands waste. This division is with its expertise and chemicals to agricultural business. The continued need for, you know, 90 million, 100 million barrels a day of oil, oil prices at 70, when it wasn't long ago, they were sub-50.  So, you know, this team is always in thought leadership in center stage. And, yeah, we've had, it's been one of the toughest divisions as we've come out of, I had to go through COVID. But, you know, we're back to, you know, an expected, probably low-to-mid single-digit growth year in 2022 for energy. And, you know, if 2022 could be the first year where, you know, you've got CMS, you've got energy in the mid-single-digits, and you've got transportation and financial services in high-single-digits. You know, that's kind of, that's the home run and we're going to deliver this firm very strong into the S&P Global strategic merger. I think that might be the final question, but let me know operator.
Lance Uggla: I think the easiest thing to do is, you take 50% of that division, and you call it high-single-digits. You know, agriculture had a 10. You know, chemicals has been consistently, mid-to-high single-digits, Opus has been consistent mid-to-high single-digits, even occasional quarter in double digits. And then you go to upstream and if you really want to be tough on upstream, you know, you could say it's flat, and that's your, you know, your low-single-digits, upstream recovering though, off of the price concessions, etcetera to be low-to-mid single-digits puts the whole division at, you know, 5% to 7%. And so, you know, I don't think it's a tall order to see those types of revenue gross in 2022.  And, you know, we're well set up for that. And the demand around, you know, just understanding energy related assets in a world of – driven by regulatory change, climate change, investor perceptions, and demands, I actually think, our team's roles to help energy market participants navigate these forward challenges. I think there's a lot of growth. We saw, you know, CERAWeek virtually, you know, I was shocked at the turnout and the, you know the needs of the teams to engage market participants in thought leadership. We saw the same in the world petrochemical conference, and our Maritime & Trade, which is more around supply chain and the trade analytics.  So, I really – yeah, I guess I just, you know I'm not a crazy optimist, but I think that, you know, when we say mid, you know, single-digits we mean, and I think that Brian and the team, you know, have navigated COVID very well. But it was tough. It was the toughest division to run from a strategic point of view through this challenging period. It just had the most moving parts and the team, you know, I have to say, you know, they don't have the highest results. But, you know, for me, I give them a badge of honor. So, great job. We'll end there. I think operator, I'll try it one more time, unless somebody came in for another question. I think we're finished.
Edouard Tavernier: Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Lance. Can you hear me now? Okay, cool. Thanks, Kevin, for the question. And just to build on what Lance said, good call out on the inventories. So, the industry is still in a process of recovery. And you're right. In this current environment, both dealers and carmakers have less of a need to spend on marketing. And that does create a headwind for some of our products. On the other hand, I would say that dealers, in particular, are currently seeing higher margins they’ve ever recorded. And when our customers do well, that's obviously a good thing for us.  So, you sort of have a balance here of headwinds and tailwinds. But the takeaway for me is that even in marked environments like today's auto industry, I think we're showing that our products are critical, must-have products that are helping dealers and carmakers sell more cars, and also, in the case of dealers, acquire used cars in a really tough, kind of used car market. So that's a big deal for us. And I'm really happy with how the business has been performing in response.
Edouard Tavernier: Yes, sure. Thank you, Jeff, and great question. So, over time, availability of connected car base is going to get bigger, coverage is going to get much better. And we see a couple of opportunities for us both in terms of access to data, to supplement what we do today, and also new business models. Today, we are running a number of POCs across our business, both on the CARFAX side of the business to figure out like what can we get from that base? And how can we supplement our existing resources, but also building that data set into workflow for carmakers such as dealer network optimization, dealer network designing.  So, an exciting opportunity for us. We see connected car data has been a critical source for us in the future. Right now, availability is limited. Coverage is very lighter and there are still some significant question marks around access to VIN-level data who owns that data, which will have to play out over the next two or three years. So, let's continue to watch this space together on the floors, but it will take two or three years for connected car data to emerge as something that we can really leverage.
Edouard Tavernier: I'll just add something to what Jonathan said. I would say it’s in pockets, right. I think is a great question. Technology is one of those pockets. You may have seen in some places an uptick in nutrition, and we have struggles to hire great tech talent in some locations. So, our strategy here is to diversify the sources of talent. But as you know, we are actively engaged in globalizing our talent footprint and that’s helping us and in some cases, adjusted wages [indiscernible] by and large that we're funding the [chance we need].
Jonathan Gear: Sure, Lance. Will do. I mean, just as you let your question, [certainly there’s] been some very intensive integration planning going on, completely going back to severance, but first we announced this. And teams have been stood up across all the different functions, all the different areas, of course, being careful not to jump the gun, but really get ahead on the integration planning. And then that process, I think a couple things have come out. First, I think, as we identified synergies at – when we announced the deal. We've taken the last few quarters to really begin to solidify exactly the path to [indiscernible] synergies and I think we’re increasing confidence on how to get there.  And the second thing culturally, to your question, it's been a great opportunity for the teams to really work with one another and get to know each other and get to know their future colleagues extremely well. And I think what's come out of that is certainly Lance and I knew from our discussions in the fall is the values of the two firms are very, very similar. And I think as the two teams have gotten to know each other, it's been relieving, if you will, for them to get to know that their colleagues are going to be working with other people that they want to work with. So, we’re making great progress both culturally, as well as the integration planning, and we [indiscernible] well set up when we close.
Jonathan Gear: Sure. So, there was a couple different areas where we did. So, if you call last year, Q, what Q2 call last year, when we were entering COVID, we took some significant cost reductions, some of those were permanent, and those permanent cost savings have indeed been permanent. They haven't crept back in, but some were certainly temporary. There was impacts on executive salaries, few other things we did, we pulled back on marketing spend, for example on CARFAX given that the dealers had shut down in North America. And so those costs and we certainly built it into our plan, into our guidance this year, those costs have been reversed.  So, it does create a – I will call it somewhat odd dynamic or the absolute margin of the segment level with transportation, for example, when we take significant costs, reductions in Q2 of last year, you see a significant year-on-year margin accretion, which is a little bit of a false economy, I would say. You should see that normalize going forward. But those have been the main costs and have come back in. Then of course, we continue to invest in the business and where we see strong performance, they should make investments to fund future growth. But the key thing I will call out is really you're seeing the year-on-year reverse of some of those temporary cost reductions from last year.
Jonathan Gear: No, but maybe there's a couple of comments add to yours, Lance. I mean, first of all, we did give our 2021 guidance this time last year, coming out of all the noise of COVID. I’m actually really proud of the team that even with all the uncertainties back then, we are landing the plane, kind of as we expected. And as Lance has alluded to, great, great performance by the team.  Now, I will say, George, in terms of a raise in the guidance this time, obviously, we're doing on the back of what we saw in the first half of the year and what we're seeing go forward. I think at this point, we're not prepared to really give formal guidance for 2022. I think we'll be back to our normal cadence. Obviously, much rather be in position of strength exiting the year than position of weakness. But as Lance was saying, I think at this point, no news in terms of changes to future growth will surely get back to you later in the year once we finalize our plans.
Jonathan Gear: Sure, maybe I’ll just give a general overview and then the division heads can supplement as they like. So, first off to your point is first, the attrition we've seen kind of year to date has been very much in line with what we normally see. And so no [indiscernible], we are growing. And you're absolutely right. We are growing and investing in all the different businesses that that Adam, Edouard and Brian, lead, in particular growing in India has always been a growth sector for us. India is a hot market. Itself is – what we're very, very attractive employers always, you know, challenged to find great people.  I would say that the challenge we have finding people this year really is not that different from other years. It's always, you look attractive, the best people and pull them in, is never easy, but we always try and to get it done. So, we are growing. Certain markets are hotter than other markets, certain segments, particularly in technology, data science, etcetera, the usual places you would expect. Obviously difficult, but I wouldn't say dramatically different this year from prior years. But happy to open up to the divisional leads to add some more color.
Jonathan Gear: Great last year – maybe just a few things I would add, because if you look at CMS, there are really two divisions or two major divisions. One is product design. One is our economic and country risk. So, then, product design, it has been a multi-year investment back in technology and new platforms and products. We begin to see that lift take place that drives. As Lance said, not a single year, but kind of a multi-year sustainable organic growth. We do certainly see as we look the first half of the year and then look at what's building in the second half of the year.  We do see a path for that to get to mid-single-digit seconds for the full-year, based on what we're seeing. That we think should be a sustainable growth rate. On the economic company risk that that Adam mentioned, this has been some significant investments in terms of new products and new packaging around how we get much more of a persona-based approach with our products there. And similar story where those investments were made to, kind of – end of last year early this year, and received the benefit in our growth through our pipeline, we expect to see that lift second half of the year. So, out report divisions, our lowest growth rate first half of the year, we would expect it to get to mid-singles by the end of the year.
