Lance Uggla: Okay, thanks, Jonathan. 2020 has been really an unprecedented period for operating a global information services company. And consistent with Q2, I want to provide comfort in the return to normal in 2021. So as usual, we will provide our formal guidance in November, but remain comfortable with the overall 2021 framework that we have already provided you on our Q2 call. The one item to point out is our decision not to hold physical events in 2021 and to move to a virtual model, which we have talked about as a possibility on the last call. Overall, we are looking for a strong year in 2021. Let me tell you what that includes. So, organic revenue growth of 6% to 8%, so that now accounts the lack of physical events, so strong organic revenue growth in 2021. In financial services, be in line with the firm’s growth still in the 6% to 8% range, transportation organic growth, we are now looking at 12% to 15% as we finished 2020 stronger than expected, although the absolute revenue that we are going to have, the amount of that revenue remains relatively the same, resources organic growth of down low single-digits to account for the events and CMS in the mid single-digits. For adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS, the ranges remain the same, which imply 100 basis points of margin expansion and 13% to 15% earnings growth. In closing, I feel very good about how we are managing the COVID challenges, while continuing to make the right long-term decisions for the company, shareholders and the communities that we operate in and serve. Finally, I want to thank our shareholders for their support and our colleagues around the world for their continued efforts during these unique times that we find ourselves managing through. So now operator, we are ready to open up the lines for questions.
Lance Uggla: Yes. Brian, do you want to move up Brian on here? Brian, do you want to handle that one? You are not – you are muted, Brian.
Lance Uggla: Okay, excellent. Okay, so I will break that in two and then if Adam, sorry, if Yaacov wants to come in after me, if I leave anything out on the data lake or our tech journey, be happy for you to add to that Yaacov. So the first thing I would say, is, every year since merger, we have increased the absolute dollars we have spend on organic growth investments. So all of our divisions have, in their regular planning cycle, are incrementally investing in their business. But every year, we also run almost like a shark tank approach to what we call incremental investments that can be above our, or internal rate of return, targets for investing in every year, that number has been higher since merger. So we are getting increasing confidence in our ability to invest, and then execute a result that leads to an expanded organic growth. And I have mentioned a bit and maybe we do an investor day, we could really dig into our internal vitality score. And our vitality score is our measurement of this year’s organic revenue coming from internal investments made over the last three years, or it’s longer than the last three years, they have never been less than double the firm’s organic growth results. So if we produce, 5% organic growth, we would leave it in if it was better than 10%. Because sometimes our investments take a bit longer to come in but if they’re operating at double our firm growth, we feel they are still adding to the vitality of the company. Every single year, since merger, the vitality measurement has improved. The absolute dollars of vitality revenue and the percentage of revenue from vitality has improved. So I feel really good that organic growth investment in IHS Markit has a great cadence and a great story. And it’s really impressive, I was with a reg and compliance head, John Barneson, the other day at a board update on organic, some of the new investments we have made and described the product with circa $1 million of investment over the last year, that’s already has run-rate of heading over $5 million and we will have actual revenue next year of $10 million. Now not every investment we make of 1 million drives 10 million in new revenue. If that was the case, we would be growing at 10%, but the fact is, is the better we get at organic investment, the better this company is. It attracts more – it cracks better people, it’s more exciting to work in, it’s got more of a buzz and people feel they are part of investing in their products with technology to be better. So, I am super happy with that. And I wish I had $50 million every year to incrementally add, but the fact is, we don’t have that, but incrementally, we are continuing to invest at what I would say is a growing cadence, well measured, well managed. The second thing I would say when we merged emerged with IHS Markit and IHS. And after merger you find, you have got technical debt, you have got old technology stacks that you don’t want to just connect to new technology, you actually want to rip them out, throw them away and build something brand new. And that’s been Yaacov’s job. And Yaacov has taken the last 3.5 years building out a world class data lake with a $0.5 billion partnership with Amazon, which puts us completely cloud native. It’s a long-term 7-year deal, which is the data lake is built and now all the products are going cloud-native and the connectivity of all of our key datasets to product development to customers out of the data lake into our cloud-native strategy is changing the profile of IHS Markit substantively. And so those investments are made. They are in our numbers. We have managed to do the CapEx OpEx switch, which is very difficult for companies. We map that into our investments with Amazon. And I just think the team here again, not to keep bragging about them, but this big shifts in info security cloud-native software and data lake architecture, that’s what the best companies in the world are doing and our teams have orchestrated that. Yaacov, maybe you just want to tell our shareholders and our analysts here just a little bit about how you see the journey improving our client connectivity, our organic revenue growth, project development and just anything, maybe 5 minutes that you want to add around our cadence for excellence.
Lance Uggla: Yes, great, so a lot going on and great question. But key for us has been this tech investment over the last 3 years and we are seeing the results. And I think the team has done a great job. Next question.
Lance Uggla: Okay, no, good question. We haven’t had that one for a bit. So, first off on buybacks, we have committed the 50% to 75%. So that’s – nothing has changed on that. I think you can look forward at us and be thinking $200 million to $300 million a quarter is a reasonable cadence for buybacks. Well, maintaining our leverage, sub three times. I think that leads us, half a billion plus, in terms of bolt on acquisitions, and anything above that would require us to, increase our leverage before delivering again. And so we, are good acquirers we, we make great acquisitions in the past. And we are always monitoring the markets. But if you ask me, the return on invested capital on organic growth, versus acquisitions, I would say when the teams are doing their jobs we should always be going after the organic growth. And we definitely increased our cadence of organic growth over the last, three, four years, so I am pleased that we don’t need to acquire to support our long term objectives. What I would say, is, scale matters. And I feel a lot better about being a $30 billion dollar company versus being a $10 billion company. And I think that scale matters didn’t top difficult worlds that we operate in. And so we have done a great job to grow the company, grow our free cash flow, and then use it accordingly. And so the dividend is great for our shareholders, they like that certain cash flow, share buybacks is another way to pay back. And we think given 50% to 75% of our cash, our cash back to shareholders is a good strategy. And if great M&A is there, we have got ample room for bolt-ons. And we have some room on leverage if we wanted to do something a bit bigger. So I can’t say more than that, except that our strategy of that combination is voted well. And we are very cautious on the return on invested capital of all those different strategic alternatives. And so, if COVID brings the cost of assets down, somewhat, that could be good, but actually are multiple, I would love to see our multiple, two or three turns better. So things look a lot cheaper to us. So that is where we are, I wouldn’t expect any strategic change, short term, but you should expect this to always look at what’s best for the company, and best for the long term goals of the company and shareholders. Next question, we must be getting near the end operator.
Jonathan Gear: Yes, sure thing, Lance. So first, it’s, I mean, you covered it well, but the two things I would add is when we think about the cost reductions we took in Q2, three categories, there is a fixed cost, which are gone permanently, and as Lance said is this perfect opportunity or this future opportunities to continue to work our cost structure, there is a natural variable cost that comes with revenue going up and down. And the third is the revenue that we – are the variable costs we chose to kind of squeeze up – squeeze down quite a bit in Q2. And what happened in Q3 is a good news story frankly is the revenue, particularly in transportation came back faster than we expected and faster than as been our ramp back on that variable cost that we have squeezed. The other thing I would call out is investments. We did open up some additional investments starting in Q3 heading into Q4. It certainly will benefit us in 2021 and beyond. But Gary, when it comes back to when you see in Q4, you are going to see the margin at the second level come down a bit really is the fact that our revenue performance was a bit better in Q3 than we expected certainly in transportation.
Jonathan Gear: Yes, I will just be real brief, Andrew. So when you think about our buildup on the subs line, I was going to start the year at 100%, we have cancellations for whatever reason, our renewal rate has been kind of low to mid 90s and then you build up from there. And as Lance said, pricing we do and it does vary by end markets, the condition of the end markets, think about option right now, it’s more difficult to capture the capture price, given the challenges there. But typically about a couple of points that you get from price, the biggest driver really get on the buildup is really on cross-selling and up-selling products and certainly the focus, as we have talked about this call is around introducing – divesting dollars into innovation and driving new products into that customer base and into our channel, but think about just for your modeling purposes about a couple.
Jonathan Gear: It is. And I will just add to it, Lance, as several one-offs this year, those items you mentioned, the pension being a third. And we also had some COVID-related impacts to working capital, working capital typically is positive as we sign a new contract and bill upfront and the support some of our clients took in auto and auto OEMs and energy we have supported slightly different payment terms. But looking forward to next year as we have cycled through, look what happened with our contracts, the one-time items will flush through we expect to be back up to mid 60s next year.
Jonathan Gear: Sure. So – and I will be staying on top of my head a bit here, Jeff, but for Q1 year-over-year of ‘21 compared to ‘20, I think we likely will see some margin expansion just because a lot of our cost reduction took place, going to be an impact in Q2, Q3, Q4. And so Q1 year- over-year is going to be before all the COVID impact that takes place. Certainly, for the year, we do expect to drive over the course of the year, continued margin expansion.
Adam Kansler: Sure. Thanks, Lance. Just maybe as a starting point, we have deeply integrated Ipreo into our businesses at this point. So, we are not forward measuring organic growth within that subset of business part of a much larger whole. Performance has been good over the years, as Lance mentioned, capital markets continue to be open volumes have been strong there. The private markets business is growing at or above our expectations of it. So I think we continue to see it as a large contributor to our growth and I think even looking out farther we think those areas will [Technical Difficulty]
Adam Kansler: So municipal markets have been strong as local governments look to address their own capital requirements and low interest rate environments. Most municipalities have looked to refinance their debt and those have been very strong markets over the last 6 months even. Equities markets, that will just get us obviously that’s all when the COVID pandemic first hit, but as everyone on this call knows over the last month, we have seen accelerated equity markets again and we are seeing extended volumes there and the equity markets are one where volume is helpful for us. Lot of those relationships are volume dependent, for good reason so…
Adam Kansler: Yes, thanks, Lance. It is an historically lumpy business. You do see variations quarter to quarter, but we have continued to deliver into that high single-digit and in some cases touching double-digit growth through that group. Over this past year, we have actually been focusing more on larger, more comprehensive relationships with our customers. We have focused our product teams on being able to develop those capabilities, so we could provide customers even more value in larger solutions we are seeing and that’s hard to pull through and Lance talked about an exciting pipeline. Really not just more deals, but larger deals and I think once we get past the COVID interruption, because obviously it interrupts our customers’ ability to do larger implementations, I think as we pull through that, we will see continued acceleration there.
