Douglas Peterson: Thank you, Ashish. This is Doug. First of all, thank you for the question. And let me start by mentioning that the softness that we saw was something that we expected. As you know, there were over 60,000 seats that were eliminated from banks and investment banks since the COVID cycle. We saw softness as the interest rates had gone up. They spiked in 2022 under with underlying inflation. We do see some of that business starting to come back. You saw very strong debt capital markets, equity capital markets. Some of the investment banks signaled that there was going to be a return of M&A. But we do see that within the large banks, so basically, the sell side that there is some talk about vendor consolidation, there's a slowdown in the negotiation of contracts. So let me talk about a few of the ways we think about it. First of all, as you know, we have enterprise contracts. The enterprise contracts are not negotiated by seat. They're not negotiated every single year. We see that we have a strong opportunity to bring more and more data to the discussion as people look at vendor consolidation. As we enhance our technology, we improve all of our different products and services that we have. You heard us talk about what we've been doing with the Desktop by enhancing it with new services and new products. But let me turn very quickly to a couple of the products themselves. As the Desktop was enhanced with Visible Alpha. Visible Alpha is a must have product and service. As I said in the prepared remarks, probably everybody on this call is using it. We've seen a great increase in people coming to the product. When we closed the deal, we had 180 contributing brokers. Now we have over 200. We also saw that with the new release of the Desktop, a really good results from the new visualization tools that we added. Let me mention one other sub segments on Enterprise Solutions, which grew at 11%. That also was very much driven by what we saw happening with the capital markets improving. So we see, many different aspects to Market Intelligence. The last thing I want to mention is we did reiterate our guidance, which is in line with what we said earlier this year. Thanks for the question.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, let me start with what we believe is really important for us is our capital allocation model. As we believe that it's really important to continually be looking at our portfolio to ensure that everything that's in part of S&P Global contributes to the whole, that helps the enterprise be stronger, that we see opportunities for some sort of consolidation either through technology, through sales cycles, through product research, etcetera. So we believe that this was both of these transactions, Visible Alpha coming in and Fincentric going out, were both really valuable overall for S&P Global. Now when you think about the modeling that I mentioned on the prepared remarks, Visible Alpha roughly adds about 1% of growth and Fincentric basically takes out about 1% of growth. But as I mentioned also, they're in different segments. The Visible Alpha is in the desktop segment and the Fincentric is in the enterprise solution segment. So you're going to see a slightly different growth rate in each of those based on the Visible Alpha coming in and Fincentric going out. To the second part of your question about vendor consolidation or discussions with the different organizations, we bring incredible strength because of the data and the analytics we have across the entire platform. Not only do we have the traditional market intelligence and financial services, desktop and other solutions, we also have information, for example, which we've been investing in private credit, private markets. We have a really strong sustainability platform which is becoming more and more important. So we can bring data services, data sets from across S&P Global that make it very relevant to any discussion we're having as people look at consolidating their data relationships. Mark's going to add to this.
Douglas Peterson: Heather, let me take that. And as you know, we always believe that it's important for us to have investment in new products, new areas, new services. You saw the benefit of many of those this quarter. Our Vitality Index, which is revenue that we start the beginning of the year with about a 10% approach to what we want to see for the percentage of our revenue, that grew this quarter to 11%. That's a very important indicator for us to see growth in the innovation, the investments we're making. We've been investing in a couple of key areas. Private markets is one. Another relates to Sustainability & Energy Transition. Artificial intelligence is one, and there's many other subcategories that are important for us. We know that the ability to continue to have loyal customers, the ability for us to generate positive pricing is always going to be based on the value that we bring to our markets, the value we bring to our customers. So you're going to see us continuing to set aside capital to invest. And fortunately, we've been very successful in the last few years. That doesn't mean that we are successful with everything we do, but we're very pleased with the track record we have. Thanks so much for the question, Heather.
Douglas Peterson: Thanks, Toni, for that. I'm going to start and then hand it over to Martina, who can give some practical applications. As you know, when we first bought Kensho six years ago, we had a vision that artificial intelligence tools were going to be used by people like us on this call to enhance our decision-making, to make us -- allow us to make decisions faster with more data. And we're seeing that play out, especially now that artificial intelligence has moved into generative AI. As you know, we have in place a system of governance, where we have a Chief AI Officer for the Company. We have an AI Council. We have a system towards ensuring that we have the right kind of training across the entire company. We have an accelerator if we see a really good opportunity that we want to move fast on. But really at the foundation of everything is an open architecture model. We've built something called S&P Spark Assist, which is now used by over 14,000 users. S&P Spark Assist allows us to bring our models into our model garden and use it as a copilot. It means that we can be agnostic towards which model is best. We think that it's bringing us all kinds of new opportunities. You saw this quarter, we announced the launch of Chat AI on Platts Connect. This is a really good product. I actually use myself this quarter the transcript summaries on CapIQ Pro. Those are really valuable. But I think Martina can add some to this with applications that she's seeing on the ground in Ratings.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. Thanks, Alex. As you know, we already built in our expectation into the guidance that we gave. But when we look at some of the cyclicality that took place, we grew in the Enterprise Solutions sub segment almost 11%. And this included some revenue that came from some non-subscription revenue, things like we had strong growth in lending solutions and markets. We had very strong growth in regulatory and compliance. And these were -- these are some of the areas that really are driven by volume. If you ask me, what are some of the key factors that we're going to be watching very closely, obviously, interest rates is number one. We gave you our expectation of one interest rate decrease of 25 basis points at the end of the year would be in the fourth quarter, more likely towards the end of the fourth quarter. We see that the markets have different views on that. In the recent earnings calls, a couple of banks show that they would have that they would have up to 3 interest rate declines this year. But we're not including any of that into our own guidance. The other factor we're going to look at quite closely is M&A revenue and M&A activity in the investment banks. M&A is still relatively weak. It's not on a track for what we would normally have seen. It was incredibly strong in 2020, 2021. And ever since then, it's been quite weak. And so we did see some green shoots of M&A activity this quarter, but there's a lot of pent-up capital, a lot of firepower in private credit, in private equity. There's a lot of private equity that's sitting on the sidelines getting ready for exits. There's a lot of M&A activity that's ready, we believe, from corporates. We're going to be looking at how they're going to be managing their own balance sheets and their own capital positions. So it's our view that over time, these are going to be some tailwinds that would benefit us, but that's not built into our guidance for this year. Thanks, Alex.
Douglas Peterson: Thank you, Scott. Let me take that and talk about what we're seeing really are important. We still mostly see cross-sell. That's the most important source of our growth, but we are now very successfully launching new products. We had over 21 products that were launched so far this year in Market Intelligence. We have 9 in the Commodity Insights area. And then we have a good pipeline between the rest of the year of another about 15 between those 2 divisions. In Indices, we've launched a series of new approach to providing custom indices using the fixed income and credit indices that were from IHS Markit. But as I said, the cross-sell has been really, really important. We probably underestimated the value and the power of the S&P Global brand. And we also probably underestimated the diversified relationships that we have. If you think about the Financial Services business at IHS Markit, it was a Financial Services business. But at S&P Global, we've always had a very strong corporate business, government, academics, all types of financial services. It's buy side, sell side, it's sovereign wealth funds, etcetera. So we believe that we've had the opportunity to bring that very powerful set of clients, diversified clients and bring them to many, many more products and services for the financial services products. That's been one of the big upsides. But let me just take one step back and point to a couple of things we already talked about. Adding 19.4 million prices, bond prices into CapIQ Pro, that was one of our synergy opportunities. That's something that's tangible. You can see that. We've also had in Commodity Insights a whole new set of products. We talked earlier about ChatAI, which was added to a feature. So that takes what we have from artificial intelligence layered on top of Commodity Insights platform. That platform was a merger of Platts Dimensions Pro and Connect, which was the IHS Markit platform. So there, you can see it everywhere in the company. We're at $199 million run rate. That was $54 million in the quarter, and we're on track. We're actually ahead of track, and we're very, very pleased with that. And so keep asking, and we will keep delivering. Thank you so much.
Douglas Peterson: Craig, it's possible. As you heard in a couple of questions ago, I talked about some of the potential tailwinds that we could see in the business, whether it's related to rates, to M&A activity, but we don't build the guidance based on wishful thinking. We have to build on what we see, what our expectations are. So the guidance is built right now based on what we see in the market, and that's why we've guided for the top line growth to be consistent where it was the last time we provided guidance. Thanks, Craig.
Douglas Peterson: Well, we don't report on ACV. It's not a metric that we use. We report on revenue. We -- obviously, we do look at our sales pipelines. And we're very pleased with what I mentioned earlier with the opportunities we see in cross-sell with the power of the brand, with the ability to open doors for new clients. We have a very strong pipeline of innovation that's coming through. We're incredibly pleased with Visible Alpha. I can't just, I almost can gush about it, what the opportunities are there, what it means for our ability to cross-sell because of Visible Alpha. So I think that for us to keep looking forward, this is a really powerful franchise, whether it's in the Desktop area, the data and advisory, the industry research that we're providing. It's in the Enterprise Solutions and then in the Credit & Risk Solutions. We know Credit & Risk Solutions is an area that is in growing demand because of what's happening in the volatility of the market. So across the board, we're quite pleased with our progress. You can also see it from what we're delivering from the synergies. But we don't use ASV. That's not one of the metrics that we use for -- that we report on. Thanks, Andrew.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. Let me mention, first of all, Commodity Insights has had a really good run. It's an important area for the global markets. You see that everywhere we go, kind of every single conversation I ever have, we're talking about energy transition. We're talking about ESG. We're talking about what's happening the future of metals, mining. As you see, we launched some new products related to egg [ph], beef and poultry benchmarks. But when you look at the overall dynamic in the business, we've had a really, really strong performance in the advisory and transaction services area. It grew at 32% in the quarter. This is an area that is -- it's more volume driven. It's transaction driven. We don't want to necessarily project for the rest of the year that, that kind of level of transaction services is going to continue. So we've guided to the level which is more of a blend of the rates coming from upstream, from price assessments, from energy resources and Data and Insight. So that's what you can see the difference that brought us back down to a level from the 8% to 9%. Thanks, Russell.
Douglas Peterson: Well, I think that's half a year left. We believe that we've got a pretty good view on what the pipeline is for the rest of the year. As I mentioned throughout, there are certain factors which are maybe a little bit more market driven like interest rates and M&A. There's always going to be uncertainty around that. We have to work closely with our analysts that are close to the market. There's analysts that are working all the time with the buy side, the sell side. We get feedback from them. We also have relationships directly with bankers to understand what they're seeing in their pipelines of debt capital markets, equity capital markets, M&A. So we have an informal and formal way to gather information to use for our guidance for the rest of the year, and we look very carefully at that. And it's something that we've built into this year. You see the results of that. Overall, we're incredibly pleased with where we are. But with that, Surinder, thank you very much for joining the call. And let me wrap it up and close the call. And I want to thank everyone again for joining the call today and for your questions. I also want to thank Martina for joining us. Martina, thank you very much for being on the call. I want to congratulate her here, she's in the room, for appointment as the next CEO of S&P Global. At the next earnings call, you're going to hear a lot more about the transition, which is starting to take place, and it's going incredibly well. I also want to thank all of our people, as always. We have tremendous people in this company that delivered a strong quarter. We've got incredible, really good initiatives that we're developing and delivering in energy transition, sustainability with private markets, with generative AI. We continue to make great progress on our synergies from the merger, and we're very pleased with all of that. So I also hope that everybody gets a little bit of time this summer. So enjoy some time over the summer, and I look forward to seeing everyone on the next call. Thank you all very much.
Martina Cheung: Hi, George. It's Martina. Thanks so much for the question. I would say we saw growth in the build issuance outlook for the full year across all categories, but I would say accelerated growth in high yield and bank loan ratings. We did see very strong issuance in the first half in investment grade, but that was characterized more by an acceleration in Q1, slightly tapering off in Q2. A lot of that refinancing activity in investment grade was done last year and in Q1. So a bit of a taper off there overall. Some more modest expectations for investment grade for the full year. High yield at BLR, very strong growth. I would say maybe a couple of sub-asset classes to highlight. CLOs is expected to have a very strong year from an issuance standpoint, for example, and a number of other sub-asset classes in structured finance that are seeing quite a bit of growth, for example, data center securitizations. Hope that helps. Thanks for the question.
Martina Cheung: Yes. Great. Thanks, Doug. Thanks for the question. I would say in Ratings that we've had, like most other organizations, dozens of pilots underway. We're very excited overall about the potential for GenAI to improve quality, to create efficiency and time to market for our core Ratings business. And one example I thought would be interesting is what you've mentioned in the past that we had focused in on a tool to help our CLO credit analyst with making sense of very complex CLO documentation. And that proved to be fortuitous, given the very, very busy year that we've seen so far in CLOs. And we're excited about this tool which we're deploying out into production for our analysts over the second half of the year and its ability to help save time for the analysts so they can focus in on the important jobs of getting the ratings done. Just other minor point for us, more major point for Market Intelligence, but as a rating agency and with a very large pool of credit analysts using RatingsDirect on CapIQ Pro, we're super excited about the work that Market Intelligence is doing to build out a GenAI interface on RatingsDirect and CapIQ Pro, and we've been helping them do that as well. Thanks for the question.
Martina Cheung: Hey Tom, this is Martina. Thanks for the question. It's been interesting, certainly some different trends in the two quarters. As you said, we certainly saw more in the first quarter go from private to public. We actually saw going both directions in the second quarter. Some of that we see as being more attractive pricing in the private markets compared to what might have been available in the first quarter. But I think all of this goes to the original thesis and strategy that we've had around private markets, which is, number one, we see this opportunity. We've had a very specific strategy around it. And we have continued to say since Investor Day that we will be ready to serve the debt wherever it comes, whether it's the public market or private markets. And you see that strategy on the private side play out with the results in Q2, the 70% growth in our private market's revenues and Ratings obviously, as well as the broader public market bond rating growth that we've seen on the transaction side as well. So this is a good story for us. These two trends are complementary for us. We've got the right capacity. We've got the right expertise around this, and we feel good about our position to serve the debt either way going forward. Thanks for the question.
Martina Cheung: Thanks so much, Owen. As you know, we don't plan with competitors in mind if that's a clear way to say it. We feel very good about the strategy that we set out. Obviously, the over performance comes in a variety of ways. First, it is a very strong market revenues, but we've also been able to meet that demand either because we've had a specific strategy as in the case of private markets, but also in other cases where we've preserved capacity and expertise over the last couple of years, and we can handle additional volumes. So we feel very good about that. I would say overall, our growth rate with the new guidance 14% to 16% reflects a couple of key drivers that Doug highlighted in his remarks. First is that we continue to hear totally from the market that issuers are avoiding, in particular Q4. And so that certainly has a tapering effect on the back half of the year for us overall. I would say we've also -- I think you maybe alluded to this a little bit of a tougher comp in the back half, whether it's lapping that onetime revenue from the second half of last year, but also a very, very strong Q4 from last year. And as Doug said, we'd expect a modest year-over-year decline in Q4. But overall, if you look at the full year, we feel really good about it. It reflects growth not just on the transaction side, but on the key strategic areas, strong performance and growth as reflected in the second quarter, things like our annual fees where we continue to align the value with the economics that we have with the customer and good growth in other areas such as new mandates. So a great story for us overall, I think. Thanks for the question.
