Douglas L. Peterson: Thanks, Chip, and good morning, and welcome to the call. We are pleased to report another strong quarter of revenue and earnings growth. Revenue growth was led by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and J.D. Power, each with double-digit growth. Platts, S&P Capital IQ and S&P Dow Jones Indices all contributed high single-digit revenue growth. During the first quarter of the year, Platts and S&P Dow Jones Indices delivered double-digit revenue growth, driving the overall MHFI results in that quarter. All of this speaks to the strength of the businesses we have in our portfolio. For this quarter, adjusted diluted EPS increased 15% to $1.06. And as you can see, based on this strong year-to-date performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, the company is raising its diluted adjusted EPS guidance by $0.05 to a range of $3.80 to $3.90. Year-to-date, the company reported free cash flow of $392 million and returned $525 million in dividends and share repurchases. This continues to demonstrate our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. If we look at the financial performance in more detail, revenue increased 8% year-on-year and 9% from organic growth. Adjusted operating profit increased 9%. We achieved a 40 basis point improvement in the operating margin. And what was most impressive about these results is that despite facing the most difficult earnings comparison of the year, second quarter diluted adjusted EPS increased 15%. Our global footprint continues to expand as international revenue growth of 10% continued to outpace domestic growth of 6%. In this chart, you can see that 3 of our businesses delivered double-digit international revenue growth. Note that excluding the impact from the sale of Aviation Week, Commercial Markets delivered double-digit international growth as well. Now I'd like to highlight that during the quarter, we announced a couple of key management changes. First of all, I'd like to thank Ken Vittor, who's here in the room with us, for his 33 years of dedicated service to the company. Ken's leadership and sound advice have been instrumental in guiding the company. Most of you will remember Ken for his clear explanations of complex legal issues on these quarterly earning conference calls. Thank you, Ken.
Douglas L. Peterson: I'd just add that there is a commitment across all of the businesses which goes beyond the $100 million savings to ensure that we're always operating with the highest quality of controls and compliance and with also productivity opportunities that allow us to operate with that level as well as having a good quality savings and better expense management. So this is a philosophy across all the businesses. You'll hear us talk about opportunities for continuous improvement and how we manage the place. And that's something that we're embedding in the philosophy of the way we work.
Douglas L. Peterson: The other thing I'd add is that you're seeing some overlaps that included products, FMR and some other research areas that we deemphasized and shrank. So there also are -- some of the margins have also been depressed somewhat by the overlap. So as we get past those overlaps and we get into the true organic growth, you'll also see some improvements in margin.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes. So first of all, as I said before, we wanted to thank Lou for his service to the company and wish him the best as he moves on to new opportunities. CapIQ is a business that has incredible growth opportunities when you look across the landscape of financial services with all of the different disintermediation going on, new players entering the market in the shadow banking world, non-regulated world. In addition, within the regulated world, all of the new requirements for capital, capital modeling, for pricing, for liquidity purposes, et cetera, and then portfolio management, liquidity management, et cetera. So we have different types of tools across that entire suite of needs and are focusing our areas in the Desktop & Enterprise Solutions. We recently hired Neil Smith to help us lead the Credit Solutions, which is a nexus point between our credit ratings intellectual property as well as our Capital IQ delivery channels. And Neil is off to a great start as well to bring more focus and more drive to the growth in the Credit Solutions area. So in a way, what we're doing is with Imogen, who is a great leader and our interim leader there, she's really helping the team focus on delivering what we already have in our pipeline and making sure that we have crisp delivery over the rest of the year of all our different new projects and in addition to that, having a strong strategy to address all of the needs going forward. So really you won't see a lot of changes from what we've already been doing with CapIQ. We really see that this business is on a great track already, and we will continue to focus on where we're headed. And we'll keep reporting out how things are going, all of the launches of our new products. But what we see is a great opportunity. In terms of leadership, this is a role that requires somebody to have a combination of knowledge of the markets, technology expertise and experience, especially when it comes to delivering complex product to the market as well as leadership and management skills. So we're looking for a broad set of leadership, management, technology and market skills for this role.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, thank you, Bill. The S&P Ratings, as you know, has been off to a fantastic start this year but with a different mix than we've seen in a couple of prior years. First of all, we continue to see an increasing demand from bank loan ratings as well as what you saw in the European -- the slides we showed with the European bank disintermediation. So there is a -- continued to be a growth in areas that are tied to market needs. For example, as banks disintermediate and manage their capital more tightly, they shrink their loan positions, which means that they go to ABS markets. They're securitizing credit card loans or securitizing car loans. They're selling loans into CLOs. All of that goes into the structured finance market. In Europe, what this means is their traditional borrowers are packaging bonds instead of going for bank loans, and they're going to the markets with what you saw on one of our charts, Chart 13. You also see in the U.S. as well as in Europe an increase in financial institutions raising capital in the markets, both hybrid-type bonds as well as other senior bonds, which are required for part of their living wills and OLA in the U.S. So you see a mix shift compared to a year ago, when it was a very heavily corporate -- high-yield U.S. corporate-driven market. So we're continuing to watch markets very carefully to see how the trends continue. We do see some of these continuing through the year, and we've built that into our guidance. And so that's the type of analysis that we're doing for the rest of the year for the capital markets and the impact on Ratings.
Douglas L. Peterson: There's a couple that we see. One is obviously related to the structured finance markets in the U.S., in particular, the CMBS market. That's 1 very specific area where we have a weaker business. We are addressing that and looking carefully at it. So that's 1 area. Secondarily, there are markets like the European markets. They were slower to have a business there last year. First quarter last year, we had a stronger business than they did. They played catch-up and they've had strong growth. On fees, there's some shift quarter-by-quarter how you can see the growth, comparing ours to Moody's. And then on the transaction services, as you know, we have a larger non-transaction business portfolio than they do, which sometimes also has to do with the overall growth at the top line. In addition, it's a very competitive market. We have other new entrants into the market, and we see a lot of demand from the markets now for other players in the structured finance markets in the U.S. So many, many different factors for that, but we're very pleased with our growth and with our coverage of the markets. And we will continue to have this very broad global coverage across all asset classes and we will be competitive across all of them.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, first of all, I think that there's different elements of what's apple and oranges. So comparing a straight FactSet to the segment of CapIQ is, as I said, a little bit of an apple, oranges. We have in our segment different products and services, which range from research, fundamental research, our Credit Solutions, our distribution of Ratings IP, which are not necessarily in the FactSet business model. We also have a different type of enterprise solution. So comparing them apples-to-apples for the whole group is not necessarily the way to look at it. When we look at it, we think we're very competitive with FactSet. We are both introducing new products. As I mentioned in the Ratings area, there's a lot of excellent competition. We have great respect for our competitors, and we see great things coming out from them. But we are also ourselves developing and delivering very innovative products that are driven by demand from investors and from financial services players in the markets. So we're watching our competitors closely, but we think that we've got in our pipeline and also in our delivery things which are just as interesting and just as innovative.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes. Petroleum, in the petroleum group, that's our largest, and significantly in the first quarter, grew very quickly and had a strong quarter. This quarter was weaker principally because of the trading services. And as I mentioned, this lack of volatility and lack of liquidity is a big theme. It's not just one, as you saw with the Platts, it's also something that had an impact on S&P Dow Jones Indices in our SPX and E-mini trading on CBOE. So you can see that there is a trend, as you have things like the Volcker Rule and the new capital and the commodity rules coming into banks on their trading books, you're seeing lower levels of trading liquidity and you're also seeing lower volatility. So in our business, it impacted S&P Dow Jones Indices. It also impacted Platts. And that's the major explanation for the slower revenue growth in the Platts petroleum business in this quarter.
Douglas L. Peterson: And one of the things to think about is, as these banks shut down their trading operations, where do these people go? Do they spring up elsewhere and begin trading on other platforms? So that's something to keep an eye out for.
Douglas L. Peterson: I think that this -- from what we see in structured finance market, sustainable, whether it's sustainable over, is it looking at a quarter, 2 quarters, 3 quarters, et cetera, there are trends right now with the way that banks are managing their balance sheets that they are shifting liquidity into their balance sheet by securitizing assets, which are easily securitizable with very strong traditional markets, like credit cards. Two years ago, there were no credit card deals being done. They started creeping back to the market. They were up over 100% year-on-year compared to last year. So you do see kind of those shifts moving around within the securitized markets. Probably the most curious securitized markets though aren't in the U.S., they're in Europe. The securitization markets in Europe have continued to be incredibly anemic for the last 5 years despite the interest from regulators and policymakers to see stronger securitization market. Mario Draghi, about 2 months ago, and the EBS published a report that if they wanted to undertake more aggressive quantitative easing in Europe, they would have to do that by buying up government bonds and municipal bonds, which is actually not allowed in their mandate or they'd have to have some sort of new interpretation to their mandate. So he's actually been trying to ask markets to become more active in the structured finance markets, so there are more types of assets to give more flexibility to banks to manage their balance sheet, to the EBS to have more tools in case they did want to take on programs like quantitative easing more aggressively. So I know in Europe, there's a lot of interest from different market players to try to have much more active and new markets in the structured finance area. So if we look at Europe, if we are able to see a return to structured finance markets that's not just covered bonds, which is really the only strong sector in Europe of structured finance is government bonds -- I mean, sorry, covered bonds, we should see some sort of return to structured finance there. In the U.S., my general outlook and what we've looked at with the business is continued strength in structured finance, although the mix might shift between credit cards, car loans. It might shift into more real estate. It might shift into more traditional corporate receivable assets, et cetera. But generally speaking, we see a continued robustness in the structured finance market with the exception of Europe, which needs to have some pretty fundamental changes in attitude as well as banks and others thinking about how they want to make that business come back to life.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, there's a couple things about the structural changes. First of all, they're not driven necessarily to close the structural gap with Moody's. They're driven by doing the right thing for markets, to have the right type of approach to continuous improvement, which means that we're looking at the right mix of talent across different markets, where we can be close to where customers and where markets are, so we're on top of trends and patterns and activities taking place, whether it's in the U.S., the international markets. So that, first of all, we're looking carefully at how will we spread our talent and our people around. And what that means is it sometimes it means that we're going to have to rebalance. We're also looking at the rebalance of skills and to make sure that we have the right level of more junior analysts that are number crunchers and are coming up in their career, along with -- balanced with masters, who have very long careers and are known as experts in their field. So we're looking at different mixes of talent and different mixes of market coverage. And we're also looking at how we can ensure that we have the right type of technology. But all of this is founded on a foundation of control, of compliance, of ensuring that we're always doing the right thing for the markets. And as part of that, one of the results in my long career has been that when you focus on quality, you focus on process management, you focus on engaged, talented people, you usually also get some productivity opportunities. And out of that result would be potentially some cost savings. So there is an opportunity for us to, through a structural way, have potentially some savings to look at the margin gap with Moody's. But it's being driven from a different direction. Second of all, we do have significant legal expenses. That is, probably along with CMBS, the 2 major differences in the margin gap with Moody's. And clearly, we're looking at both of those. We have, as you know, an active program to actively manage our litigation with the DOJ and the states. This is not something that we're passive about, and we look at that very carefully. The 2 things that would close the margin gap with Moody's the fastest would be having no or kind of normalized legal expenses and getting a recovery in our CMBS business. So those are 2 things we're looking at carefully. But in the broader sense of operating, Neeraj Sahai is doing an absolutely fantastic job thinking about how we work, how we do our workflow, how we have the right resources in the markets, et cetera, that I mentioned before. But I'm very pleased with our progress there.
Douglas L. Peterson: There are, in the e U.S., it's primarily in the structured finance area. And then internationally, in the emerging markets, almost every emerging market that has new emerging capital markets has local rating agencies. They're cropping up around the world. They're in Indonesia, in Malaysia, in the Middle East, in China, et cetera. So we do face a lot of local competition around the globe, and it's something that we also see. So you have that type of competition around the globe, and then you've got in the U.S., in particular, it's in structured finance.
Douglas L. Peterson: We are very committed to the CMBS business. As I said before, we are a global rating agency with multi-asset class coverage. And so if we're retooling the business because we want to have resources closer to where the actual real estate markets are as well as some leadership changes, that doesn't mean that we're pulling back. So we are looking at some retooling of resources, but this is a market that we're committed to.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes. I think that there are questions in the market, and we're actually seeing some of those. And we do have some research reports that Chip could get to you that we've been issuing recently about covenants, about leverage levels, things like that, that we've been seeing recently. Now one of the things that is different, so to speak, from the financial crisis is that the types of securities that could be linked to these loans as well as these loans themselves are not AAA-rated loans. They are loans that we're rating in the deep. Many of them are rated deep in the noninvestment-grade scale. They're B, CCC-type securities. And so some of the risks that what I see taking place in these securities isn't necessarily on the assessment of the credit quality, it's on the pricing. And so there's a lot of discussion going on. If you're seeing a CCC, CC, B securities which are being issued, but they are being priced as if they were AA securities, people could be taking more risk. And so later on, let's make sure that if something goes wrong, they're not blaming rating agencies for that. So we're looking carefully at that. But importantly, one of the very important changes or modifications we made to our overall Ratings business is what we call a Credit Conditions Committees. We have a quarterly team that gets together around the globe, first, regionally, and then at a global level, to look at trends and patterns and different signals that we get from the markets. We do this with our economists. We do it with different practice leaders, covering areas like energy, financial services, industrial, so that we can get a view. And we look for credit bubbles. And we have identified some in markets like China, like Canada. We're looking carefully at areas like leveraged loans so that we can also have an opinion about those. So I would say that Janet Yellen is seeing some of the measures that are important for us. We actually listen very carefully to everything that Janet Yellen says, like everybody else does, for any signals on interest rates or any signals that she's seeing in markets. The Fed has systemic-wide macro data, which is incredibly valuable for us to hear from her on those signals. And we've incorporated what she said into our business and our feedback. And as I said, Chip can get you some of the reports that we've recently done on this topic.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, first of all, we're doing both of these. It's too early to tell right now from some of the new products which ones are going to drive the growth because the newest products that we have are in launch right now, and they're still with new clients. They're not out at a volume scale level yet. But in terms of what's ongoing, we're looking at a combination of seats of overall enterprise pricing or by seat pricing, and then we're also looking at feature pricing. Some of the services that we deliver, as an example, in the Credit Solutions area, are certain models, certain data that's delivered in a way that there's a lot of value for the users in just paying for that data alone and not necessarily buying an entire seat. So we're looking at all the different elements of features of what we're delivering, what's the pricing level, and then what is the suite of products that we're actually delivering and how are we pricing for that because we think that, in some cases, we have more upside to price specifically for product features instead of delivering an entire suite that people might not even need. So this would be a great topic for us to have more discussion on going forward. Imogen is looking in depth at this topic right now. And it's something that we're looking at in depth, and it would be a great topic for future conversations.
Douglas L. Peterson: It's both. Well, it's both Asia and it's the U.S. Both markets have very strong auto businesses. So there's really 3 contributors. The first is the auto business in the U.S. Second is the auto business in Asia, especially in China. And the third is investments that have been made in other non-auto or other industries in the U.S. that have also started seeing some growth. So this has been a widely distributed growth story for J.D. Power. And it was double-digit this last quarter. So we are very pleased with the results from J.D. Power.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes. So it's a high-class problem, as you say. But we also are very conscious that we're not going to just throw this money away. We have standards that we want to apply to how we manage our capital. We'd never just run out and do international acquisitions just to do international acquisitions. They need to be high-quality. In particular, they have to have high-quality management. They've got to be able to perform over the long term. They have to fit with our business. An example of one, which is not necessarily given a lot of exposure, is Coalition, which was done by CRISIL 1.5 years ago. Coalition has performed incredibly. It's a business that provides market share analytics and solutions to large global investment banks. It has been growing very well. It has a fantastic management team. So we look at -- we're not looking just to deploy the cash to deploy the cash. We have to do it in a way that is very thoughtful, it's meaningful and we work with the board closely on our philosophy about how we think about capital allocation. So we really appreciate the questions on that because it's something that we spend a lot of time and we take very seriously.
John F. Callahan: Thank you, Doug. Good morning to everyone joining us on the call. This morning, I want to briefly discuss several items related to second quarter performance. This was a relatively straightforward quarter, so I don't have a great deal to add. First, I want to recap key consolidated financial results in the quarter. Second, I will provide updates on the balance sheet, free cash flow and return of capital. And finally, I will review our updated guidance. In the second quarter, revenue grew 8% with organic revenue growing approximately 1 point faster, the difference resulting from the sale of Aviation Week last year as well as the sale of Financial Communications and a small product line closure at S&P Capital IQ. Segment operating profit grew 10%. Excluding the impact of the sale of Aviation Week, all 4 businesses contributed to operating profit growth. Most notably, S&P Ratings Services led the way with operating profit growth of 15%. In addition, after cycling through a period of stepped-up investments, S&P Capital IQ has delivered adjusted profit growth in each of the last 4 quarters. Adjusted unallocated expense increased by $10 million due almost entirely to recent asset sales. During the quarter, the company entered into an agreement to sell the company aircraft at a price in line with its appraised value but did incur a noncash impairment charge associated with this transaction. In addition, the company incurred a one-time expense associated with the sale of its data center on the company's South Campus in East Windsor, New Jersey. The tax rate was 33.1% in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date tax rate to 33.5%. This lower rate is the result of ongoing tax planning. For the full year, we now anticipate an effective tax rate of 33.5%, in line with year-to-date results, a 50 basis points improvement versus our previous guidance. Adjusted net income increased 13% and adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 15% to $1.06. The average diluted shares outstanding decreased by 2.2 million shares versus a year ago and over 1.1 million sequentially versus the first quarter of 2014. There were no adjustments to GAAP results this quarter. We continue to maintain an exceptionally strong balance sheet. As of the end of the quarter, we had $1.6 billion of cash and equivalents, of which almost $1 billion is held outside of the United States. We continue to have $800 million of long-term debt. Going forward, this strong balance sheet positions us to continue to make investments that strengthen the portfolio, such as Eclipse Energy Group, and as appropriate, sustain our share repurchase program. Our free cash flow during the first half of the year was $392 million versus $145 million a year ago. The improvement was primarily due to the timing of tax payments and increased income from operations. We continue to expect free cash flow of approximately $1 billion in 2014. Now let me update you on our return of capital activity. During the second quarter, approximately 2.2 million shares were repurchased at an average price of $79.65 per share. Year-to-date, we have repurchased a total of 4.4 million shares at an average price of $79.06. That leaves 45.6 million shares available in the current share repurchase authorization. We anticipate selectively continuing share repurchase activity, subject to market conditions. In addition, we continue to return cash to shareholders through our dividend, which totaled $163 million year-to-date. Now I'd like to turn to our 2014 guidance. We have made several changes. First, because of the additional expense incurred that are associated with the sale of the corporate aircraft and the data center, we have increased our adjusted unallocated expense guidance by $10 million. Next, as previously mentioned, we've lowered our full year tax rate guidance from 34% to 33.5% as international growth continues to outpace domestic growth and the benefits of tax planning initiatives are realized. Finally, we've increased our 2014 adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.05 to a range of $3.80 to $3.90 based upon strong first half results and a solid outlook for the remainder of the year. This outlook anticipates higher legal expense than we previously expected as well as benefits from ongoing productivity initiatives. The remaining elements of our 2014 guidance remain unchanged. In closing, we continue to focus on creating growth and driving performance. We have delivered strong first half results and anticipate similar results in the back half, driven by many of the secular drivers of growth previously discussed. That said, market volatility could impact results as the issuance trends can be volatile. Again thank you for joining us today on the call. And let me turn it back over to Chip.
John F. Callahan: Well, we are very much on track in terms of driving the initiatives that support the over $100 million cost-reduction program. As we've commented earlier, it is going to take us a period of time to ramp up, given the nature of some of these cost-reduction programs. So as we've mentioned in the past, there is an initiative underway to consolidate our real estate footprint, particularly here in New York City. We are doing a great deal of work in the area of procurement, leveraging the scale of the corporation across a number of different cost areas, including technology and data. And we're making some choices. I mean, I think an example from today's call is just the decision to sell our corporate aircraft, which is another example of some of the specific decisions that we're making that contribute to this cost-out target. And then lastly, we are looking at workflow across the businesses to see if we can do things in a more productive fashion and in places that could impact some of the workforce and some of the businesses, including Ratings. Doug, I don't know if you want to add to that.
John F. Callahan: Well, I think we did go through a period of stepped-up investment in that business. There remains a fair amount of investment that's built into the P&L. But you have seen a return of profit growth in that segment for the last 4 quarters. So on a go-forward basis, we do anticipate some modest continued improvement in margins. But we're also investing to be sure that we have a great growth vehicle here. So I think some steady margin progression is reasonable. But again our priority is really to drive growth in the business.
John F. Callahan: I'll take the last one. It is before the dividends. So you would have to take the projection for the full year dividend off the $1 billion. And then yes, the only change in our view of unallocated expense is solely driven by the impact, the noncash impact of the impairment relative to the corporate aircraft and the incremental costs of closing the sale of the data center. That's the only change on our unallocated expense guidance.
John F. Callahan: Yes. We didn't give on specific business-level guidance. But I mean, just given the importance of Ratings to the overall mix both in terms of revenue and profit, it's not inconsistent with our overall company, that guidance of mid-single-digit revenue growth and sustained margin expansion. And I think it was nice to see the very strong second quarter for the business up against a very tough comp versus a year ago. And we look forward to the balance of the year that right now looks to be sort of in line with first half results.
John F. Callahan: Yes. The non-subscription part of Platts, which is largely the trading volume, is around 10%, so it's a small piece. So it goes back to Doug's earlier comments about we still can see strong double-digit growth on the subscription side of the business. And it's hard to predict the trading volumes. I think it's going to continue to remain volatile. So our current guidance does not anticipate a great rebound. But that being said, it's only 10% of the business, so I think it's manageable in the overall context of the total Platts business.
John F. Callahan: The other thing we keep an eye out for are broad macro trends. There's a lot of uncertainty right now is with what's happening in the Ukraine, what you see happening in the Middle East and also the new production coming on around the globe of shale gas, et cetera. So we watch these trends as well to see what sort of volatility will come back into the market potentially.
John F. Callahan: Yes, Craig. You get the question a lot and we get the question a lot. I think there's -- I think we should view where we are as a moment in time. We have maybe a little stronger balance sheet today because of the sale of Education, which gave us some additional inflows. We also, I think, for this moment in time, until some of the legal issues sort of are resolved as we move forward, we believe it's prudent to have maybe a little bit extra flexibility in the balance sheet because we don't want these issues getting in the way of us making decisions to build this business. So we also want the room to do an acquisition if we think that's also the right thing to do to build the business. So I think it is fair to acknowledge, we may have a bit more flexibility than we would need over the long term. But as some of these issues are resolved, I think we can kind of come back and take a fresher look at the balance sheet at the appropriate time.
John F. Callahan: Let's just say, the most significant driver of increase in expenses was legal. But let's leave it at that for right now.
John F. Callahan: I think the current step-up is probably appropriate to get us through the year. But we're watching it carefully.
John F. Callahan: And I'm going to have Ken comment on the phases quickly because I think it's helpful for folks in terms of expense discovery.
John F. Callahan: But just 1 more thing I'd add is just, and there's always a challenge of trying to think through the actual market growth, given the broad areas in which this business competes in. But in general, we probably are benefiting more from growth in either the market or market share. [indiscernible] all being said, pricing realization is making some contribution to the overall revenue growth rate. But I think the market and share are the primary drivers right now.
John F. Callahan: Well, let me start. I mean, going to the second part of your question, I mean, 1 easy way is to do an offshore acquisition. So I mean, that's 1 way. It doesn't help much in terms of share repurchase directly but in terms of international acquisitions. And I think while only a medium-sized deal, the Eclipse Energy deal is an example, it is 1 based in the U.K. and Norway. And I think if you kind of look at our track record of more recent acquisitions, I think you'll see a bias to acquisitions to build out our international footprint. I think it'd be a little bit premature to comment on going-forward capital allocation right now. We're always looking -- we'd always prefer to do value-creating acquisitions. That all being said, we have a great cash flow and we have a lot of balance sheet flexibility. So I think balancing the acquisition pipeline with share repurchases as we have is probably how we'll continue to work through the balance of the year.
