Lance Uggla: Okay, thank you, Eric and thank you for joining us for the IHS Markit Q1 earnings call. Before we get started, I want to direct your attention to our supplemental slides posted on our IR website, which we will be referencing today. We're certainly living in unprecedented times with the human and economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, financial markets in turmoil, and oil in the $20s due to both supply and demand challenges. We've analyzed the changing dynamics within our markets, and we've developed a strong plan and are taking decisive cost actions while maintaining and making room for continued investment to deliver double-digit earnings growth this year and over the coming years. In times such as these, I'm committed to providing even more unparalleled transparency to all of my colleagues and to you, our shareholders. Our markets are changing rapidly and parts of our business will be more challenged than others, but on a whole we're extremely fortunate that our model will be resilient. This is due in large part to our diversification across end-markets and within our end-markets, must have products and services, low revenue concentration across products and customers, annual multi-year subscriptions with high renewal rates, and 90% plus recurring revenue. We've got a CapEx light model with strong cash flow conversion, strong balance sheet, excellent liquidity, and a firm-wide culture that we've honed to drive efficiencies, profit, and continue to innovate even in challenging revenue environments. Now with offices in APAC, we learned quickly how to manage the COVID-19 situation by conducting early-on business impact reviews and ensuring that our IT infrastructure that we've been investing in could support all, I mean all of 16,000 employees working from home and remotely as needed, and we've certainly been tested on that. We're also using these challenging times as an opportunity to be even more visible with our customers and our management teams through virtual calls and webinars. We have the benefit that in this environment, our customers need to hear from us even more to help them through these kinds of uncertainty. Our experts, over 3,000 of them, are reaching thousands of our customers every single day, and we're using the current market conditions to make sure we're there for them and developing opportunities and adjusting our models to support them through these challenging times. Overall, I feel good about our business model, how we are managing the complexity of changing global conditions. I equally feel good about how we're helping our customers during these times with essential activities. Now, Jonathan is going to go over Q1 results, and then I'll go over our multi-year plan on how we're going to plan to achieve the earnings growth that we've suggested. Over to you, Jonathan.
Lance Uggla: Okay. Thanks, Jonathan. As our supplemental slide layout, our cost cutting actions are going to anchor our 2020 earnings to double-digit growth, regardless of which revenue scenario unfolds in the coming quarters. We're not providing formal guidance for 2021 and '22 but based upon our scenarios and cost actions, we would expect in each of those forward years, organic revenue growth to return to our longer-term range of 5% to 7%, adjusted EPS growth of double-digits and as we move through the year, we'll update you on our progress with our cost actions and the conditions within our end markets against our scenarios. Now, finally, I want to thank all of my colleagues around the world who have been working tirelessly to manage the rapidly changing dynamics within our markets, local communities and to continue to serve our customers. And to you, our shareholders, I want to thank you for your support and give you my commitment of this unparalleled level of transparency in our progress against our multi-year plan during these uncertain times and my commitment will be to continue to update you against scenario one, two, and three, our worst case scenario, and project those into 2021 and '22 and show any adjustments needed on a quarterly basis. Now, with that, operator, we're ready for questions.
Lance Uggla: Good. We're all on virtual, so we're having to give each other a hand signal to see who is going to take your tough questions.
Lance Uggla: Okay. So, the numbers are for the full year, and I have Edouard Tavernier on, and he'll give you a bit of color on the Automotive and Maritime segment.
Lance Uggla: Yes, I wish -- I'll let Adam speak in a moment, but I couldn't have a more conservative leadership team and every time I say the derivatives volumes that we're starting to see here, we should see that through the rest of the year, they put them back to flat. So in the models that we're showing you there is a modicum of upside in terms of processing. So there is really the real bet is that we maintain our current business. We have a really strong pipeline and the financial markets are maintaining the need for the information, the rollout of new regulations and the demand incrementally for second and third pricing services through this volatile period. And we saw something similar in '08 and we're seeing some of that now. We have modeled out though that other pieces of demand of course will decline. And Adam, why don't you give like Brian and Edouard have done, just a bit of color on Financial Services in a bit more detail.
Lance Uggla: That's exactly how we think about it. But again, if you model off of that worst case scenario, we're saying, you know, you don't have any of that recovery until next year. But our view is that bounces back very quickly, we've got a super strong model. And maybe Edouard wants to add some additional color to that.
Jonathan Gear: Great. Thank you, Lance. Q1 results were indeed very, very strong. It included revenue of $1.08 billion, organic growth of 6%, and total revenue growth of 3%. We delivered net income of $484 million and a GAAP EPS of $1.20, adjusted EBITDA of $432 million, which is an increase of 8% normalized for the AD&S divestiture and a margin of 39.9%. And we delivered adjusted EPS of $0.66, which is an increase of $0.07 or 12% normalized for the AD&S divestiture. Regarding revenue, our Q1 organic revenue growth of 6% included strong recurring organic growth of 7% and non-recurring organic decline of 5%. This decline in non-recurring was primarily driven by a tough year-on-year comp in financial services. Moving on to segment performance; our Financial Services segment drove organic growth of 7%, including 9% recurring in the quarter. All three subsegments delivered strong performances. Our Transportation segment delivered organic growth of 9% in the quarter. This included an excellent 12% recurring revenue growth and a decline of 1% in non-recurring, driven by the expected decline of one time in our auto business. We saw exceptional operational metrics, in particular from our CARFAX and automotiveMastermind business lines. Our Resources segment delivered 1% organic growth, which is broken down as 1% recurring growth and 2% non-recurring growth. Our Q1 organic ACV increased by $3 million, and our trailing 12-month organic ACV remained up $24 million or 3%. Our CMS segment delivered 3% total growth, including 1% recurring and a 15% growth in non-recurring. Our CMS total organic growth normalized from prior year RootMetrics customer loss was an impressive 4%. Turning now to profits and margins, adjusted EBITDA was $432 million, which is up $24 million or 8% versus prior-year normalized for AD&S divestiture. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 39.9%, which is up 90 bps. Segment margins were in line with our expectations. The adjusted EPS was $0.66 per diluted share, which is a $0.07 or 12% improvement normalized for the divestiture. Adjusted EPS also excludes the one-time gain on the sale of AD&S of $372 million. Our GAAP tax rate was 1% and our adjusted tax rate was 17%. Q1 free cash flow was $117 million. As is typical, Q1 cash was seasonally low due to bonus payments. Our trailing 12-month free cash flow was $966 million and represented a conversion rate of 54%. Now just a reminder, our trailing 12-month conversion rates were impacted by the one-time tax payments that we had in Q4 2019. Turning to the balance sheet, our Q1 ending balance was $5.2 billion and represented a gross leverage ratio of approximately 2.9 times on a bank covenant basis, which is in line with our capital policy. We closed the quarter with $144 million of cash, and our Q1 undrawn revolver balance was approximately $925 million and represents a great liquidity position. Our Q1 weighted average diluted share count was 404 million shares. We repurchased $610 million of shares in the quarter, including completing our $500 million ASR. We also launched a $250 million ASR on March 1. And now Lance, I'll pass it back to you.
Jonathan Gear: That's great. Thank you, Lance. Now relative to our original guidance, as a reminder, we previously announced the cancellation of events due to the COVID-19 health concerns. Again, as a reminder, these cancellations will negatively impact Q2 revenue by $50 million and adjusted EPS by $0.09. Approximately $40 million of the revenue impact relates to the Resources segment due to the cancellation of our CERAWeek and CHEMWeek [ph] events. The remaining $10 million relates to our Transportation segment due to the cancellation of our TPM Maritime and other events. We have also adjusted for the change in foreign currency exchange rates since the beginning of the year, causing a negative FX impact on revenue of approximately $25 million. In terms of our forward view for 2020, as Lance stated, due to the uncertainty we have developed three scenarios to take into account different assumptions on how the virus, the price of oil, and economic situations evolve over the next few months and quarters. Our supplemental schedules detail the three scenarios with the following ranges; revenue of $4.75 billion to $4.425 billion; organic growth of between 1% and 4% normalized for the impact of the Q2 events; adjusted EBITDA of $1.825 billion to $1.85 billion; and adjusted EPS of $2.76 to $2.81. As Lance mentioned, we would direct your estimate to the lower end of these ranges at this time. Now in terms of cost actions, we are in the process of executing approximately $250 million of 2020 costs. We do expect approximately $50 million of these costs to be permanent go forward reductions. The variable portion of costs will return as revenue recovers in our Auto businesses and salaries return to normal level in 2021 and 2022. Finally, we expect cash conversion of approximately 50% due to one-time costs with our cost reduction efforts and working capital delays due to market conditions. All guidance items below adjusted EBITDA are unchanged from prior guidance except for stock-based comp. Our original guidance range call for a full year stock-based comp expense of $220 million to $225 million. We now expect full year stock-based comp expense to be approximately $30 million higher than our original guidance due to higher employer taxes from the U.K. National Insurance expense on 2020 option exercises. This represents a one-time increase in our GAAP stock-based comp expenses in 2020 and will not impact our 2021 expense level. In terms of capital allocation, given the current market conditions, we are focused on maintaining high levels of liquidity and capital structure flexibility. We do plan to pause share buybacks and plan to maximize our capacity under our bank credit facility. However, the cash dividend we initiated and paid in Q1 will continue as planned. We maintain a very healthy and strong balance sheet, investor-grade rating, a well-positioned debt maturity ladder and a strong diversified bank group. While there will negative impacts from the current external challenges, we do have a model that can absorb the risk in this environment, yet still deliver solid earnings growth. And with that Lance, I'll turn the call back to you.
Jonathan Gear: Yes, I was going to give you the numbers, Bill. So, as I mentioned, the Q1 organic ACV increased by $3 million and the trailing 12-month organic ACV is up $24 million or 3%.
Jonathan Gear: Yes, well, that actually covered very, very well. And the thing I'll again amplify to this, we have a very, very strong bank group, over 20 banks in that group, Atlanta [ph], we've spoken to everyone. We really frankly don't have a need to draw down a bit. So we don't have any plans at this point to do it. But again, we certainly have the liquidity there should we choose to in the future.
Jonathan Gear: Sure, that is a great summary, Lance. One thing I would add is that the part of our business, which is being most affected in this scenario here is our automotive business, particularly our support for marketing efforts for both used and new cars. And that happens to be the part of our business that has the most variable cost that flexes up and down with revenue. So there is a natural and significant flex down that comes naturally. As our dealers need less traffic, as their shops are closed. If it comes back down, they will naturally come back up. So I think the key thing that we've all done as the executive team and management team has done here, we've been very focused. And as Lance mentioned in his opening remarks, we still are investing in the key growth levers and drivers that will take us into the growth in '21 and beyond.
Jonathan Gear: Great. I'll just echo what you said Lance. And George, what we're seeing is, even in our worst case scenario we expect to see a couple of hundred bips of improvements from 2019 to 2020, and then continue to have 100 bips all the way through to 2022; so we're no way backing off on margins improvement commitment.
Brian Crotty: Hey Bill. So yes, we see -- ACV, we see it trailing just a little, but only the segment. I mean, the segments that we model it for are really just the Data Business, and mostly we've taken it by customer. We've really drilled into it. And so, we're really focused on the drilling segment of our customer base. So, that coupled with saying towards the future, our -- we've taken down our projections on new sales early into that segment. But the nice thing is, as Lance said earlier, the business is a lot more diversified now. We're seeing a lot of strength still in our downstream businesses which are growing high-single digits.
Brian Crotty: No, the only thing I'll add is coming out of the last downturn, we did focus on multi-year agreement. So we have increased our percentage. So we feel pretty good about where we are in those and we continue to sell those as well.
Brian Crotty: Yes, I think so. You know, obviously, CapEx goes down further certainly in the US and it does overseas. But I -- you know, the thing that actually helps us out is some of the oil is hedged in the US, so those small independence will stay around and try to weather the storm. So, I think -- you know, while CapEx will actually accelerate and will decelerate in that area, these companies -- you know, it's not oil goes down to $20 and these guys go out of business; so there will be a lag before we start to see curation [ph].
