John F. Callahan: Well, I think it's the same answer we would've given you last year or the year before. In any M&A situation, we would look at it in a very disciplined way to be sure that if there was an opportunity that we would have the conviction that we were going to build shareholder value, and particularly now with the very strong balance sheet that we have. We'll selectively look at assets from time to time. But again, we'll be very disciplined, and I think we have the flexibility in the balance sheet to both build the business and address any other balance sheet considerations that may be out there.
John F. Callahan: Well, there's -- some of the restructuring actions that we've taken in the fourth quarter will have some impact on 2014. There's probably approximately 2 points of profit growth built into those actions. Now on the real estate footprint, that has more longer-term benefits. While for example, while we are exiting our Midtown location, we will not be leaving that location until the end of 2015. So those benefits of real estate will feather in over a longer period of time. And we'll also anticipate discussing some of the longer-term product[ph] opportunities in a bit more depth when we get together for our Investor Day in March.
John F. Callahan: On share repurchases, I think if you look at -- we obviously have been very diligent in that area for the last few years. The board has approved another 50-million-share authorization. We do anticipate continuing that activity into this year. At this point in time, we don't want to be overly specific in terms of a target for right now. There is some benefit in our guidance, and we'll update you as we go through the year, depending on overall market conditions.
John F. Callahan: In terms of the -- your question about the expenses in growth for Indices, look, Indices had a great year. It had a tremendous year, and we look to have another good year of growth as we go into next year. There's nothing on a full year basis that at this point we'd meaningfully say that would significantly change the very high margins that we have in that business. And obviously, there's always going to be a bit of market volatility, depending on what's going on, in terms of overall equity capital flows.
John F. Callahan: In general, I think the nontransaction line should -- our current anticipation is to grow largely in line with the overall guidance for the total company of mid-single digits for right now.
John F. Callahan: Well, Peter, I don't, at this point in time, for today at least, want to get overly precise on a business-by-business basis. That all being said, we are pointing to overall consolidated margin expansion across the portfolio of at least 100 basis points. And I will say that in each of the businesses, our expectation is that each business will contribute to that. And Ratings, just kind of given its size and magnitude, we are pointing to some sustained margin increase in that business. And we'll probably have a little bit more detail for you when we get together in March.
John F. Callahan: Well, as I mentioned earlier, some of the restructuring actions that we have taken in the fourth quarter here will -- should deliver approximately 2 points of all-in operating profit growth as we go into 2014. And some of the longer-term real estate actions that we've taken, we have some more work to do to really fully impact the full economic cost, but should add to lower our cost footprint as we go into '15 and '16 beyond.
John F. Callahan: In the out-years. Right now, we will call it flat for next year. But it is a place where we'd look to continue to sustain some year-on-year reductions once we get past '14.
John F. Callahan: For right now, I would view both those costs as largely flat going into next year. That's been sort of our assumption overall going into '14.
John F. Callahan: Obviously, it's still very, very early days. So we're still introducing the new product's capabilities to customers, so we're pleased to have one relationship in place. But we view it as very early days in an area where we're going to continue to build out throughout '14 and into next. So far, so good is how I think -- would be our point but a lot more work ahead of us.
John F. Callahan: Well, I think it depends a little bit. I think in some of the areas, the investments, for example, what we're doing in terms of exchange level of latency information, I think we'll get some sustained growth as we go through this year. I think some of the Portfolio Risk products, a bit of growth this year but probably feather in more back in '15 and beyond. So I think it depends a little bit by which product line we're really focusing on right now.
John F. Callahan: Let me first comment on why we did not call it out as an adjustment. We have taken an approach to be very pure or just be very clear about what we're going to call an adjustment to earnings. And it really related -- everything we have identified over the last few years has really been about what was necessary to separate McGraw Hill Financial from McGraw-Hill Education and/or a cost relative to driving productivity to basically restructure our cost structure. In this case, this is different. And therefore, we did not call it out as an adjustment to income. That all being said, we have isolated it, so each investor can view it as they would like. But you're exactly right, if that $26 million charge, that would be -- it could be added back, and that certainly is probably a better judge of the ongoing performance of the business. And if that had flowed all the way to the bottom line, that would have added about another $0.04 of earnings per share to the bottom line, because it would then -- we have the tax effect, the $26 million, and then it's our share of 73% of that posttax impact. So it's about $0.04.
John F. Callahan: Just on J.D. Power, I would just simply add that the year we had this year in 2013 was an all-time record year for J.D. Power. And we are continuing to benefit from not just good growth in North America, but also the very strong position we have across Asia Pacific, which is now about 30% of the business. And we do anticipate another record year in 2014 and sustained growth. On Construction, in terms of 2014, we do -- we are targeting sort of a transition year. We are looking for the business and we've seen this evidence, particularly as we've gone through the fourth quarter, that the business is turning the corner. And we are projecting modest growth for that business as we go into next year. And I think based -- building on Doug's comments, the team has done a fantastic job of really kind of changing the product. It's much more digital and analytic today than where it was many years ago. And we believe it's well positioned for, as it turns the corner, for growth moving forward.
John F. Callahan: I think if you were to kind of look at some projected modest growth off the full year margins of 2013, I think we can continue to show some modest improvement off this base.
John F. Callahan: I mean, look, Indices just had a fantastic year, fantastic year. I would say for right now, I mean, our outlook for Indices as we go into next year, it's probably very much in line with our overall company guidance of mid-single-digit revenue growth. But obviously, there's going to be some volatility based on capital flows in that. But that's sort of the going-in assumption for right now. And the team is always at work with our major customers, trying to develop new products. And that's just part of our everyday operation for right now.
Douglas L. Peterson: And let me add, this is Doug, that we would very carefully look at price, return, fit. We're not going to just run around and try to look at every single deal that pops up. And it's very important for us to continue with the strategy we've put in place and the type of fit that it creates for our portfolio. And we would highly unlikely be doing anything transformational.
Douglas L. Peterson: Let me add that at the March meeting or our investor meeting, we would like to give you some more details about our thinking and our algorithm for capital planning of our allocation between investing in the businesses. We have a very exciting growth story. We want to be able to provide you with that and how we're allocating capital to growth, to acquisitions, to dividends and to stock buybacks. So that will be one of the themes we'll address in more depth in March.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes, the issuance trend, as you know, in the last quarter of the year was a shift from the U.S. to Europe, generally speaking. In Europe, corporates have been -- and again, the investment-grade corporates in Europe were actually a little bit slow, with the capital markets being driven by mid-market and smaller blue chips in Europe as they need to go to market as banks were reevaluating the size of their portfolio and their capital positions. So we're seeing the continuation of that same trend. And then on the Structured Finance business, you're seeing some resurgence in RMBS, while the CMBS market has had a little bit of volatility but also looks pretty flat compared to last year. The CDO market, in particular CLOs, have also been quite volatile. It's really only been about a month into the year, but we are looking carefully at the pipeline. And at least for the near term, we're expecting a similar pipeline towards what we saw at the end of the year last year.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, this is, for us, one of the core areas of analysis in business-by-business to understand our customer penetration, opportunities we have in areas of people that are already not customers, and part of that analysis is also price increases. In general, we are projecting price increases across the portfolio in the 3% to 4% range. Some of those have already started to take effect. Others of them are peppered throughout the year. But our general expectation is 3% to 4% across the portfolio, although clearly, we're looking to see where we can tweak that and take advantage the most. But clearly, another aspect of that is high-quality customer service or sales processes, et cetera. And that's one of the things we're spending a lot of time looking at.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes. So in the nontransaction line, in addition to the approach we have to pricing, which allows us to have certain aspects, less volatility, we also include in there some of the revenues from CRISIL businesses. Irevna and Coalition are 2 that are doing very well. As banks, insurance companies and others in the financial service markets are looking to having productivity and streamlining, as well as much more higher-end analytics, they turn to those companies. So the subscription revenue from those also gets built into that nontransaction revenue. So we have a pretty good outlook on those areas, continued analytics there. And we do think that in the direct Ratings business, we will also benefit from the relationships we have and continue driving issuers towards this subscription, nonsubscription model for Ratings. So we're actually watching that line quite carefully, expecting that it will be flat to growing throughout the year.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, the guidance that we've been giving, which is the mid-single-digits for the entire growth, is similar to where we come out. It's a whole blend of what we see going on in the corporate markets. I mentioned earlier that there's a trend towards -- if you look at the last quarter and what we're seeing in January, corporate[ph] finance and sovereigns have been lower. You've seen higher European high yield and mid-markets going to the markets. So there's really a story that it's hard to tell for the whole year so far. But we do see covered bond issuance, RMBS, others that are motoring along pretty well. So that's why we're continuing at a blended basis to stick to the 0 to 6% for the entire portfolio.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, as you see, the markets have continued to move around in terms of what are the different areas that are active right now. Clearly, in the U.S. Structured Finance markets, there's a very competitive market with some niche players that have started to gain traction. And so that's actually very quite welcome by the issuers and by regulators and others to see that competitive market. On a global scale, however, there's only a few truly global players. And around the world, we see other players coming into the market. But we do think that in addition to the competition keeping everybody on their toes and showing that they have high-quality analytics, it's also part of the opportunity set that people see out there as the capital markets actually increase. So the size of the markets overall, we expect in the longer run will continue to grow as you see bank disintermediation, you see infrastructure projects requiring longer-term capital, you see aging populations and the requirements that are put on governments to actually finance their health care programs, their social security programs, again infrastructure. We look at the long-term trends and feel that there is space for a robust analytical community, including ratings. And so we do see more competition, and we're up to that challenge and feel that it actually keeps everybody on their toes.
Douglas L. Peterson: And there's a very robust pipeline of new products and services that have excellent analytical tools, as well as the interfaces are compelling. And these have a long lead time on sales. These are the types of products that we're working with sophisticated organizations and sophisticated buyers. So in addition to our development and beta testing, we're using that as an opportunity to get ahead of this long lead on the sales cycle. But this is clearly areas where we will be providing ongoing updates on the rollout and how these products are doing.
Douglas L. Peterson: Let me start, and then I'm going to hand it over to Jack. J.D. Power is a business that has done a great job of focusing on core analytics and products which are delivering value to their customers on their -- one of the key ones is the Initial Quality survey. They also have another key product, PIN data. And as the auto market in the U.S., which is one of their large markets, has recovered, they've seen benefits from that. In addition, they have a very strong position in China, which is a very high-growth auto market. And the company has been diversifying into other essential consumer areas, such as bank products, insurance products, cell phones, et cetera. So J.D. Power has a broad platform of analytics for consumer experience. And they're growing and expanding and looking, in particular, at international opportunities. Construction has, over the last 3 years, done a fantastic job to reposition the business in light of a very difficult secular construction market and real estate -- U.S. commercial real estate market. They have repositioned the business and looked very carefully at their cost base, which they've managed incredibly tightly, and also repositioned towards new analytical and products which are allowing them to provide forward-looking information analytics and forecasts on the construction market. So they're able to start selling those products. The business is really starting back. As we mentioned earlier, they've had a quarter which was difficult. But compared to where they've been, it's definitely on the upswing. Let me ask Jack to give a few more comments on those.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, you're right. This is something we will talk more about in March. But the way I think of it right now is that, that's a lot less important than taking advantage of the portfolio of brands and products and capabilities and, in particular, the talent that we have to grow the business. And that will be our main focus. We'll talk about that along the way. Clearly, with any type of growth, you want to prune unnecessary activities or unnecessary businesses. But the core of what we've done, after the separation of the publishing and education business, is to really have a growth machine now that we will be looking at to employ across the globe with new products, with new product segments, with new markets. And that will be the main focus. But as you mentioned, along the way, there probably are capabilities and assets here and there that we'll need to prune.
Douglas L. Peterson: Again, I think that you saw that in the progress that's already starting to come through on the numbers of diversification into Petrochemicals, into other metals and mining and energy, nonpetroleum energy. This is part of the growth model of Platts is to diversify into other commodity segments. And this is one of the opportunities that we will outline more fully in March, because it's a very exciting one as you see the need for transparency and benchmarks that can be used in a way that will help growth and investment around the globe. So we're very, very pleased with the progress that Platts has already made. They've got a proven track record now of diversifying away from just Petroleum. That doesn't mean that Petroleum isn't also a very high-growth field, given what's happening with frac-ing and nontraditional methods of extracting oil and gas around the globe. So there's a lot of activity in Petroleum and Petrochemicals and in metals and mining and other commodities that -- we're very excited about this opportunity.
