John F. Callahan: Bill, right now, we're just affirming that, today, share repurchase is part of the 2013 program. In terms of the specific amounts, we want to retain some flexibility as the year transpires. Your question about will we consider it an accelerated action, that's a possibility, but we haven't made any definitive conclusion on that. But again, we're not -- we don't intend to be back into the market until we actually receive the proceeds from Education, which will be towards the end of the first quarter. But we'll give you more of a complete update as we get through the year.
John F. Callahan: I don't really feel a need to do that over the near term, Bill, right now, but I certainly understand the opportunity from a longer-term point of view.
John F. Callahan: Yes, Manav. It's probably a little bit lighter relative to the initial story. I just think some of the market activity that we've seen, particularly relative to volatility in the third or fourth quarter has -- is not quite as robust as we had seen in the back half of '11 into '12. So it's probably a bit, but again, we're being conservative about our outlook there again, because this is so hard to predict, the volatility in the marketplace there. But we still -- we're still very, very excited about how those 2 businesses have come together, and we're really looking forward to accelerated growth over the long term.
John F. Callahan: No. It's just -- Craig, it's a little premature right now to do that. Look, we're going to let the dust settle and get separation behind the standup McGraw-Hill Financial, but we completely recognize -- well, the first priority is going to be driving top line growth that we now have sort of our productivity phase to more focus on McGraw-Hill Financial. And we'll be back to update you more on the specific initiatives and the benefits of that program as we go through the year.
John F. Callahan: I think we're probably in the range of 3% to 4%, which is generally in line with a lot of the -- but let's face it, the biggest part of the cost structure is people. You're looking at sort of -- between merit and health care benefits, you probably have an inherent inflation of around that -- inflation around that same level. So right now, we're sort of in that 3% to 4%.
John F. Callahan: Well, just -- well, it's not our practice to specifically disclose legal expense. However, I would say that it's not an insignificant line item in our income statement right now. We do recognize that perhaps there could be some pressure on that expense going forward into '13. But we consider that both in our overall guidance and our margin expectations for ratings next year. So I think we'd like to leave at this point in time that we can manage it, but we'll update you as appropriate, if necessary, as we go through the year
John F. Callahan: Yes, Dave. Just technically, it was just a pragmatic determination to go off the fourth quarter numbers, not the third quarter numbers. So there's the audit. So once that's together, I suspect everything will move forward.
John F. Callahan: It was a challenging finish to the year. The top line was down. It was down around the 10%, 11%, in line with where our sort of full year results were. But -- and particularly, it was more challenged in the Higher Ed section.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. And, Bill, the cash generation capability is so strong that we think that even in -- if we go to an accelerated position, that we'd be in pretty good shape for that. But again, we'll wait for the proceeds in March, and we'll go from there. But share repurchase is going to be a very important activity for us in 2013.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. And, Manav, it's a little early on, but one of the things I was talking about is the switch from outflows to inflows from actively managed equity funds into index fund. It's a trend that's not only taking place here domestically but worldwide, and we see tremendous uplift in terms of volumes on this one. One of the reasons that we wanted to break out S&P Dow Jones Indices so that you could see those numbers, and we'll keep those in front of us as we go forward, is so that you can see not only the growth, but the value creation in those. And we're very, very excited about this business.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, again, the 4 uses of cash, we are focused on dividend and share repurchases. Both of those, they're no change, and we're going to be very active in both. In terms of transactions and organic growth, we like to focus more on the organic growth, and that's why we break it out. And so what we are looking for is more specific capabilities in terms of transactions that can help some of our platforms in -- and some of our data and analytic platforms in our businesses. So to that extent, tuck-ins is probably a good word. But what we're looking for is added skills and capabilities to enhance the platforms that we have.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, again, I think that for McGraw-Hill Financial, there's a couple of things. The first one is revenue growth. We see very, very strong revenue growth here. And with that kind of capability, we think that from an expense standpoint, that if we can manage that very efficiently, that we could get higher operating profits and, therefore, margin expansion. So I wouldn't put targets at this point. I am more focused on the revenue growth generation. And again, I think that one of the things that we've been breaking out and we've been very successful at is the organic part. And so our own creativity and ingenuity is at the forefront, and so we're pushing aggressively on that. But I see margin expansion.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Definitely, definitely. I mean, again, we're in the early stages -- maybe for Jack, not such early stages. But we're in the early stages of standing up McGraw-Hill Financial. And again, as I was saying to Peter, again, we're focused now with McGraw-Hill Financial on the top line. We believe that we have terrific upside in terms of revenue growth. And if that's right and we manage those expense bases very, very carefully, I think that we can get the margin improvement. So yes, I think that we were conservative when we said that we thought we could get $100 million of cost savings, and we had to get into it. And as we did get into it, we found more opportunities and we were able to get up to $175 million. So yes, I think that there is more to come.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, there's a couple of things. One, with the acquisitions that we have gone after, R2, QuantHouse, CMA, what we're doing is expanding the customer base and expanding the skill set in terms of the platform. So you're getting growth in terms of customer retention, and you're getting some market share because of the new capabilities on that. Again, it's not just acquisition. It's also the organic component of being able to understand customer drives and needs and to be able to satisfy. If we can do that without transactions, so be it. If we can do it faster through a transaction, we will on that part. But the attention is on those skill sets.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, first of all, let me ask Jack to handle that. But first of all, again, the suits that we have received from the 2007 period, as Ken was saying, 41 of these suits, representing hundreds of billions of alleged damages, have been dismissed or voluntarily withdrawn. The problem, Bill, is that we do everything at the federal level. And when there's so much litigation out there that it takes 2 years, 2.5 years, to get before a federal judge, in most of the cases with these suits, they were dealt with almost the same day that the judge seen them, in terms of being dismissed. So we feel very good about the 41 suits that have been dismissed on all that part. But in terms of legal expense, they just haven't gone forward. So they just sort of sit in waiting on this part. Now again, in terms of -- and again, these suits aren't going to trial on that part. So that's good and that's where the costs build up. But, Jack, do you want to...
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: No, I think it's just the normal process. And in terms of Apollo, they first had to go out and get their credit ratings. They've been completing that process, and now they're securing the financing aspect of it. And there was some desire for some more audited results, and so it took a little bit of slippage. But as Jack was saying, we're looking for a first quarter event here and maybe a little sooner, who knows. But everything is on track. And so, again, it's maybe a little bit longer, a few weeks, but everything's on track.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. Thanks, Doug. The capital demand side of all of this, David, is stunning. The nonfinancial corporate securities market, you're seeing huge refundings, as well as new monies. India alone has got to do about $1 trillion of infrastructure financing over the next 5 years and hence, our CRISIL operation in India. I mean, it's a very robust picture, and it's following the capital demand needs.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Ed, if you can hear us, we can talk offline as well. So if you're having trouble getting through, we can talk whenever you need.
Kenneth M. Vittor: Yes. There will be a schedule established by which we will be required to respond to the complaint, and that will be probably in the next 60 to 90 days.
Kenneth M. Vittor: Yes. I'd be happy to do that. The Ohio case related to investments made by pension funds, and they were suing for their alleged losses, hundreds of millions of dollars of alleged losses. And both the District Court and the Court of Appeals in the Sixth Circuit dismissed those cases for a variety of legal reasons. The state Attorney General cases that we are now addressing and that some that have already been brought by Connecticut and other states are not brought on behalf of investors, except in one case, which we can talk about, the California case. Generally, these deal with consumer deception claims, that consumers in each of these states were allegedly deceived by representations made by S&P, and in some case, other rating agencies, that they were independent, that they were objective in arriving at their rating. So these are different cases. These are deception cases brought, based on statements about independence and objectivity. The Ohio case you referred to was relating to investment losses brought by various pension investors.
Kenneth M. Vittor: Yes. There was a threshold ruling or rulings on motions to dismiss, and so the case is now in the next phase. There's no decision on the merits in that case. We're just in the next phase, which involves discovery and elements leading up to whether there will be another motion to try to dismiss the case. So there's no decision on the merits in that case. There were preliminary decisions on dismissal motions.
Kenneth M. Vittor: Well, on the DOJ, as I said, we will be required to respond to the complaint sometime within the next 90 days. And depending on what happens at that stage, then there will either be motion practice or discovery. And we intend to defend this case vigorously, so we will be pursuing all relevant discovery to defend against these claims of fraud against the company. As to the states, it's still early days. We will be exploring whether there's a possibility of coordinating with respect to some discovery activity, so that witnesses can testify once for several state proceedings, but it's early days so that has not yet been resolved.
Kenneth M. Vittor: It's hard to predict because we're still at the outset of scheduling and determining how much discovery will be necessary and what motion practice will be necessary. But I think 2 to 3 years would be a reasonable estimate, if not more, depending on how those various stages of litigation go and the calendar of the court.
Kenneth M. Vittor: Well, it'll be governed by California law. It does raise an interesting question, though, because it does allege losses for CalPERS, which are the same losses that we are defending a lawsuit against but brought by CalPERS. So an initial procedural question will be we're in 2 courts with respect to the same claimed losses, one brought by the California Attorney General and the other brought by CalPERS. So that will need to be addressed as we defend the case. But the short answer to your question is it's different law. State law governs each state action. And the Ohio case was in a federal court as well, so we're dealing with California state law and that will be what law is applied to the claims in that case.
Kenneth M. Vittor: Well, as you may know, we entered into an agreement with the New York Attorney General back in 2008, and we are in full compliance with that agreement. And that is the current status. We are in frequent dialogue with all of law enforcement agencies across the country and respond to requests for information. But with respect to that agreement, which is a confidential agreement, we are in full compliance with that agreement.
Kenneth M. Vittor: We can't speculate on the Department of Justice's motivations in deciding to sue Standard & Poor's and no other entity in connection with this lawsuit. The facts are that, as I indicated in my remarks, our ratings, the S&P Ratings for the CDOs that issue in this lawsuit, are identical to the ratings issued by other rating agencies. So we don't have an explanation, and you'll have to ask the Department of Justice as to the motivation. For us, the question is less the why as in the how. How will the Department of Justice prove a fraud claim against S&P's analyst for arriving at ratings through a committee process that are identical to the ratings issued independently by other rating agencies? So that, to us, is the burden that we don't believe the Department of Justice can sustain. So as to the why, that's for the Department of Justice to answer. The how is the question we are addressing, how will they prove the case of fraud against S&P Ratings when the ratings that were arrived at through a committee process were identical to ratings issued by other rating agencies who are not parties to this lawsuit.
Kenneth M. Vittor: Well, we are always open to a reasonable settlement. And in fact, S&P, in the past, has reached reasonable settlements in cases such as the Orange County case and the case brought by Connecticut with respect to municipal finance ratings. So -- and other cases. So we are open to reasonable settlement and discussing reasonable settlements. That will vary from case to case. So the answer is if there's a reasonable settlement opportunity made available to us in any case, we are open to discuss it.
William A. Warmington: A question for you on Capital IQ. I just wanted to comment that the mid- to high-single-digit sub growth, I think, is pretty impressive in this environment, and I wanted to ask what's driving that growth. Share gains, new firm formation? If you could talk little bit about that.
William A. Warmington: One other question I've been getting frequently is one about legal costs in terms of -- to try to get a sense for what were costs in 2012, what's being built into the budget in 2013 in terms of legal costs and are we seeing an uptick in 2013, because we're heading into what's typically more expensive in terms of discovery and trial phases. Your thoughts on that.
William A. Warmington: Very helpful. And then one last question on the legal side. I know that the focus of the discussion so far really has been on defense of the case. And I wanted to just ask the question, a theoretical question, that's popped up from time to time about a potential settlement. And the question is, are there any restrictions, potentially, on structuring such a settlement? How would such a settlement theoretically be structured? If you could talk about some of the options there based on some of the previous precedents you've seen.
