Doug Peterson: Patrick it’s a little early to provide too much detail on 2015, but just going to a few, a little bit more detail. In general the restructuring charge was 46 million, on average for every dollar of structuring we save a dollar, just to kind of to keep it simple. And I think in our current forward look, I think you should expect that about half of that amount, half of that restructuring amount would contribute to margin expansion and profit growth in 2015. The other half we’re selectively reinvesting in growth initiatives to really support longer term top-line performance as we go into next year. Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James And then for my second question.
Doug Peterson: Well your point observation is right on. I clearly would love to be able to deploy some of our offshore cash for acquisitions. It is just that not necessarily all of the interesting properties are offshore. So from time-to-time if there is a domestic opportunity, we want to be sure we have the adequate flexibility to consider it.
Doug Peterson: Yes, this is Doug those are going to be very important rules that are coming out of the financial crisis in Dodd Frank. As you know these rules were required six different agencies to put them in place and so they have a lot of input, they went through two different rounds. The final rule themselves will take two years before they’re going to be implemented. And in particular there is two areas which I think the most questions are going to be coming up around. The first is on mortgage securities and understanding what is going to be in or not in. And what are the rules is going to be around mortgage securities? Exemptions have been given for certain types of retail mortgages which had not been expected which actually might give more impotence to see more active RMBS markets. On the other hand the provisions related to CLOs are something that are new because of the two aspects. One is that, there are rules about the hold back period or they call it skin in the game, I call it eat what you cook. But the new rules on skin in the game applied to arrangers not just necessarily underwriters and originators. So getting that right and how that’s going to be applied to 5% hold back could have some impacts in particular on the CLO market, that’s the one people are watching carefully. But it will take two years for that to go into place. The second aspect also relates to what will be potential differences between European skin in the game rules and the U.S. rules in the case of any in the case of any kind of multi-national or international placement. So anyway short answer, the rules just came out, there are going to be years before they are implemented and we will obviously watch that very closely. No specific impacts that we’ve defined so far.
Doug Peterson: Yes, so there is two aspects to that on the first hand, there is because of the drop in oil prices because there are so many new types of oil wells and oil products which are being developed, it actually increases needs for us to have very specific oil well and delivery-related price assessment. So, on the one hand with things like shale oil, shale gas, new fields coming on place this is something that is valuable for us to have the assessments and the information for those types of new services. Where we see some impact is that as you have seen the banks retreating from the commodities markets and in particular oil trading they’ve been selling their businesses and reducing the risk related to that. We have seen some lower levels of trading and so as you saw our growth estimates for the last quarter results in the trading part of our business we’re not as strong as in our information side of the business. So there is some impact depending on where trading is, but usually the higher the volatility, as that goes up there is usually also more trading business. But we don’t see any direct impact on Platts’ revenue just because the prices are going lower in fact with all of the new sources of oil products coming on stream and with some of the uncertainty we expected there will be just as much demand as ever for our oil pricing services.
Doug Peterson: Yes, so first of all just a little bit of color from the last quarter. Last quarter the issuance in the markets was basically quite strong as you can see from our results, but if you look at the gross numbers you’d actually think that there had been a big drop in activity. There was a lot of impact in the size of the markets and the growth given the prior year there had been a 40 plus billion dollar Verizon issuance that skewed some of the numbers, but really if you go into the numbers there was a big mix shift in prior quarters there had been a lot of issuance of industrials, public finance and in particular of high yield and issuers both in Europe and the U.S. Last quarter industrials, corporates and high yield actually were a little bit lower than they had been in prior quarters and that was made up by financial services. So banks, broker dealers and others in the financial services industry increased their issuance dramatically in order to continue to raise capital in this very low interest rate environment, diversify their funding sources. So we saw a big increase in financial services issuance last quarter. And then in the structured finance market CLOs continued to be very strong, there was a lot of growth there, CMBS was strong, but RMBS continues to be anemic basically in the U.S. it has been a small market and traditional ABS which is things like credit cards and others has chugged along on kind of a normal level. In Europe there was a very large increase in traditional ABS which was receivables and credit cards and some there was a little bit of RMBS growth but based off of a low base. This is the Europeans would like to see more private sector bonds in the markets so they have more tools at the ECB to do quantitative easing and have ways to manage the money supply and stimulate the economies. Anyway for October, issuance on October continued along the kind of a mixed path that I mentioned, there is, it’s something where the October issuance was continued on the same path for a corporate and high yield which was lower than last year but on the other hand financial institutions had continued to go to the market, ABS issuance was strong in October, it was up in traditional ABS, CMBS continued to be strong, CLOs have been a little bit patchy, there is kind of deals week-by-week and RMBS as I mentioned throughout the entire year has still been pretty anemic. So, we’re going to watch carefully what is the mix shift during the end of the year and as I have said results so far in October were mixed. Alex Kramm - UBS And may be just quickly switching back to the margin here particularly on the Capital IQ side, I mean that one jumped pretty substantially not only year-over-year but also sequentially. So, anymore color that you can give there, I know there were product launches, I know some of the investment phases are over there has been some management changes but anymore color you can give in terms of how near-term sustainable these margins are or there was maybe something that was a little bit more one-time than we should think about near-term? Thanks.
Doug Peterson: As we mentioned before we have cycled through a period of stepped up investment and the business now has generated profit growth now for I think for like five straight quarters and I don’t know if we are going to be at this margin for every quarter over the next two or three, but I think we’ve moved to a little bit of a higher range here and we’re going to look to kind of build on that over the next year or so. So I wouldn’t say it’s going to be straight line from here maybe back and forth a bit. But I do think we’re sort of moving to a little bit of a higher more sustainable level over the medium term.
Doug Peterson: Yes so let me take that. On the first part of it, there has been a -- we’ve had double-digit growth in the S&P Capital IQ Desktop for a few quarters now. And it’s driven by a few things. First of all it's driven by a broader sources of customers. So don’t just think about Cap IQ going on the Desktops of investment banks and trading floors. It’s broader going into middle-office and back-office, risk management, different types of users within financial institutions, it’s being used more broadly and widely at asset management firms and insurance companies. So there has been an expansion of the types of users that we’ve been targeting and working with to ensure that our services and solutions meet their needs. And in addition to that, we’ve been able to add some functionality which is valuable for analytics purposes and through that we can also increase some of our pricing. But the main driver of this is actually volume as opposed to pricing. This is the way that we’re looking at it and we’re working with a lot with Imogen Dillon Hatcher who is the Acting President to ensure that we’re very closely focused and targeted on our customer needs and products and service needs. But it’s actually been chugging along quite well with this double-digit revenue growth as we have become much more targeted on the sales. So much more customer and volume driven and price driven so far and later this year and early next year we’ll give you more guidance for 2015 on Capital IQ and all of our businesses.
Doug Peterson: When we look at business it’s really driven by taking a step back and thinking about the strategy that’s going to fit, what are the trends. And the big trend that we talk about and we look at and we can see it. This is something you can actually measure is the growth of investible assets around the world from a combination of retirement assets building up in the developed market and investment assets whether they are for savings, for education, for retirement, et cetera as the emerging markets and other markets around the world have growing population. So we look at the broad trend and we know that we have a very strong platform in equities, as well as having very strong platform in commodities. And we also have the ability for custom Indices and strategic Indices that we’re always investing in and growing. So if you look across that we would like to continue to build into that mix both across global expansion, you have heard in the last few quarters that we’ve done business in Africa, we have started doing more African Indices, we’ve done in Taiwan this quarter and Mexico and Peru. So we’re doing expansion globally, these are fill-ins and allow us either through partnerships or acquisitions to fill-in our Indices space. We’re very interested in continuing to expand our fixed income growth. This is an area that for us is quite strategic, so international and fixed income, are both really impotent elements to the business for expansion. We would look very carefully at any sort of property that was available in the market, whether it was large or small, if it was going to fit our strategy and fit our business model, we would look at it. But there is no comments that we can make on any specific transactions or anything that’s going on in the market, but for us right now going back to where I started S&P Dow Jones Indices is a great performer. We have a great team there and it fits very well in our portfolio, especially in light of all of these very significant secular trends that we believe we’re responding to.
Doug Peterson: Well, we’ve talked about it in the past and the way we’ve been thinking about it with Neeraj Sahai, who is the new President and there are different categories of expenses that we’re looking at there is some of these that are very clearly ongoing permanent costs that we built into the organization things from compliance from control from a international network, those are we think are very important for us strategically to run our business. We have another set of topics which relate to I call them changes which we’re going to, which will eventually go away very importantly legal expenses I see that as a temporary expense increase as I have said before once they’re normalized that will help significantly with our margins and then there is efficiency opportunities that we’re working on which as an example our recent voluntary retirement program allows us to reposition some of our labor force with different profile with some younger talent and so we’ve got some opportunities to really work on efficiency. So, it’s a combination of some permanent expenses we’re going to absorb and really we can talk to you about those in the future, we’ve got our opportunities for overtime eliminating some of our expenses and then we’ll see those and then we have got some restructuring and efficiency opportunities that we’ll be working on, we will provide more guidance for 2015 early next year and at that time we’ll have more clarity on all of this and give you some more precision. Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Alright, thank you Doug.
Doug Peterson: Craig, even f there was I don’t think we could comment on it so well let’s just say we thought it was prudent at this moment in time just to have some more flexibility and the availability of domestic cash and due to some possible corporate development activities combined with other considerations in that. We’ll come back, we’re not -- share repurchases it is part of our financial algorithm and we anticipate that will continue and I think we’ve been pretty aggressive in the past in this area. I just think for now we thought it was just appropriate to take a pause. Craig Huber - Huber Research So is that to say then down the road you would be open to using the flexibility of your balance sheet a very clean balance sheet taking on some leverage to buy back stock down the road? And then my following question if I could sneak one in here is, what is your backlog for breakeven.
Doug Peterson: I would just take you back to where we’d like to deploy cash I mean first we’re going to invest back in our businesses to drive organic growth. Secondly, if we think there is value-creating acquisition to help us build our global portfolio that we’d like to, that is our second place we’d like to deploy capital. Third, we want to continue to maintain the growth in our dividend to keep up the wonderful history we have now over four years of sustained dividend growth. That all being said, once we exhaust those opportunities kind of given strong cash flow of this business, we’re quite likely to have some balance sheet flexibility we had and we will continue to look to repurchase shares assuming that we believe that we’re making those decisions at the right time in the market. So, that should be, you should expect that to be part of our go forward plans. Craig Huber - Huber Research Great, thank you.
Doug Peterson: Yes think of it as an opportunity, I used the term when I talked before about how we think about our margin that we have some permanent areas that we’re going to figure out, things that we want to keep, we’ll look at them carefully, we have got these temporary blips in expenses things like legal expenses which eventually would be normalized. And then we’ve got these efficiency in opportunities that we’re looking at whether it’s through technology or in this case looking at our workforce and how we can have the right type of workforce to respond to the markets that we have. And so we looked at this in a way that was really narrowly focused on what kind of workforce do we have and how we can look at the right kind of pyramid and the right resources against our market opportunities. So this was narrow.
Doug Peterson: Yes and the way I want to get to into weaves in terms of by segment, I wish overall I think we were consistent with the guidance now of full year of margin expansion of 200 basis points or better that we’re going to need to exceed that in the fourth quarter to make that work kind of given your observation on the year-to-date results. And obviously part of that will be aided by the overlap that we have in the Index business when we took a write-down last year in the fourth quarter, but beyond that I think we continue to expect solid contributions across the business lines like we have in this quarter.
Doug Peterson: It has a modest impact but it’s trivial relative to the performance of the business. It’s fairly modest. Keep in mind it’s only on a full year basis around the $170 million revenue business and so in the overall mix, it is quite insignificant.
Doug Peterson: Unfortunately kind of this was a kind of a business that grew up within McGraw Hill there is not a lot of basis here. I think in your modeling you should probably assume after tax, cash contribution of maybe around 200 million to be conservative.
Doug Peterson: Yes, let me add to that when we think about this top-line growth and there are a lot of very compelling secular trends that I just talked about one of them before related to the asset management industry and the increase in passive index-oriented investing, we mentioned a little bit earlier about the opportunities in the oil markets, the commodity markets. We highlighted some of these opportunities for you with the wood pellets, the I2 bio-fuel that is starting to grow in Europe. It’s a very important area. So we’re looking across all the different markets where it’s research, it’s data, it’s analytics, it’s benchmarks, it’s all of the different areas which we already play in that we have a strong position in and we have strong brands in that we would look at both organic investment as Jack talked about before and then also selectively, selective acquisitions for us to ensure that we have great positions in these businesses whether it’s through product expansion, it’s capabilities expansion or geographic and international expansion. So right now our focus has shifted to growth and that’s really what for us is exciting about being in this Company is how we’re positioning for the future.
