Lou Eccleston: Okay. Thanks, Terry. As Terry said, we had an excellent quarter, delivering an 18.4% increase in revenue and a 31.2% increase in operating profit. Revenue for the quarter was $348.5 million and operating profit reached $112.6 million. Our operating margin was 32.3%. Year-to-date revenue topped $1 billion for the period, showing a year-over-year increase of 16%, while operating profit increased by 27.6% for the same period to $306.7 million. Operating margin for the 9-month period was also up to 30.5%. McGraw-Hill Financial's strongest quarterly performance to date really reflects the successful execution of our innovative operating model, which Terry referred to. This has allowed us to successfully integrate our businesses, capitalize quickly on market opportunities and even further benefit from market dynamics such as the continued growth of ETF products that are based on various S&P Indices. Market volatility during the third quarter contributed to a more than 30% increase in S&P Indices revenue. The average daily trading volume of major exchange-based derivative contracts based on the S&P Indices soared by 58.5%. Assets under management in ETFs that are linked to our indices grew by 6.8% and that's up to nearly $280 billion. ETF providers introduced 11 new products that were based on S&P Indices in the third quarter, bringing the number of ETFs trading on S&P Indices to 359. S&P Indices overall accounted for about 25% of McGraw-Hill Financial's revenue. Also significantly contributing to our successful quarter was the accelerated sales and market share growth of S&P Capital IQ and the Global Credit Portal which, along with the integration of TheMarkets.com, helped drive a 15.6% increase in subscription revenue. Subscriptions tend to provide stable and predictable revenue streams, and that amounted to $251.8 million for us in the third quarter. Overall for McGraw-Hill Financial, subscriptions accounted for more than 72% of our third quarter revenue. We also continued building out the S&P Capital IQ platform to include more content and analytics from across all of McGraw-Hill Financial, and we continued expanding globally, ending the third quarter with more than 3,800 clients, and this is nearly an 18% increase from a year earlier. In addition to our platforms, Enterprise Solutions continued expanding its integrated coverage, again across all McGraw-Hill Financial proprietary data assets, as well as adding third-party data and information and that led to strong year-over-year sales growth for Enterprise Solutions. So in summary, the expectation that was expressed on the second quarter that McGraw-Hill Financial would in fact continue on a solid growth strip trajectory is bearing out and we do anticipate a strong 2011 finish. Now importantly, this slide demonstrates what we can achieve when we maximize the capabilities of our entire portfolio of assets through an operating model that allows us to leverage infrastructure and more quickly and effectively combine assets to create new solutions, and that allows us to create solutions that offer high-value, differentiated offerings. This model reflects a discipline approach to technology and data infrastructure. And at the foundation of this is what you see at the bottom of the slide. This allows for faster, more prolific and innovative packaging of products, services, content and analytics across all asset classes and for a broad range of customers. Let me give you an example. Leveraging this global and flexible infrastructure has allowed us to quickly launch localized versions of the Global Credit Portal in Russia, China and Japan all in the last 8 months. Providing solutions with local data sets and in local languages has driven new sales and faster growth and without requiring significant new investments. Another great example is the creation of S&P Indices fundamental data package. This supplies S&P Indices unique and widely accepted index-level aggregation methodology, and that has been nursed by Compustat and Capital IQ fundamental data. This solution offers more than 100 index-level statistics focused on income statements, balance sheets and trading data items. So with the launch of this package, Capital IQ and Compustat become the global fundamental data source for all published statistics on S&P Indices. The success of our efforts and the implementation of this new operating model really underscores the business logic and the economic incentive to unlock value behind the creation of McGraw-Hill Markets. As we grow, we will build economies of scale that allow us to leverage and maximize the value of content and analytics across all of our different businesses and markets, that'll allow us to create innovative new solutions that will help investors, our clients, face the new challenges of today's volatile and changing market landscape. Thanks, and now back to Terry.
Lou Eccleston: Well, when you look at the businesses inside of McGraw-Hill Financial, you're talking about it and we refer to the big pieces: the Global Credit Portal, which is really; and Capital IQ which is really a part of how we think about a desktop. And then the other big piece is Enterprise, and then you've got Indices. So the way to think about this model is we're driving not so much individual P&L's of a business as Capital IQ or a business as the Global Credit Portal, but if you go back to that model we put up, Sloan, you see there's a lot of the efficiencies and shared costs that actually create the ability for a desktop business to build faster, to create solutions faster. As you integrate all of these data sets for Enterprise, you can go out with an offering that gives you all the asset classes integrated into a single solution. And then you've got single contracts. It just creates a lot of efficiency. So really, the focus is more around how does McGraw-Hill Financial at the top line grow? How do we grow overall profitability? And then as Terry said, we're going to be very transparent in terms of how are the Index business is going, how is Platts doing, so where you've really got clear individual businesses, we'll be very transparent on that. But overall, what you're really going to be focused on is around desktop and Enterprise, and how it drives both the efficiencies and the foundation of the model, and then driving those product segments more so than seeing them as individual businesses.
Lou Eccleston: Well, I think you've already seen the results this year of that. Just by simply, Sloan, not doing things multiple times, you pick up margin enhancement. The beauty of the model, which is whether it's McGraw-Hill Financial that we've been at for the last 8 or 9 months or where we're going to go with Markets is that, that model does 2 things automatically. First and foremost it creates efficiencies, it creates the opportunities for margin expansion, but it also gives you the ability to drive revenue growth faster because you can get products out the door faster. So by definition, it creates those opportunities. And I think where you see our margin goes will be a function of where do we go organically and then are there inorganic opportunities well in the future. So I think our overall goal, though, is maximum growth and the margin will be a reflection of how much of this is organic versus -- inorganic versus organic. And that -- but the goal there is the fastest growth and the broadest footprint globally.
Harold McGraw: Okay. Thanks, Jack, and that completes a review of our operations and our financial position and conditions. Let me quickly make some comments about our Growth and Value Plan. And as you may recall, this is something that we announced last month that it was the combination of a strategic portfolio review that began in midyear 2010, which resulted in a number of the acquisitions that Jack mentioned, especially in Platts, the divestiture of Broadcasting and the creation of McGraw-Hill Financial and it culminated into the Growth and Value Plan. And as you know, the centerpiece of our Growth and Value Plan is the creation of 2 strong public companies, McGraw-Hill Markets and McGraw-Hill Education, and this would be in need of a tax-free spin. Separating global operations obviously is a complex undertaking, which we plan to complete by the end of next year at the latest. We have multiple work streams underway. We're making very good headway. And we are pursuing this plan with a greater sense of urgency so that we complete this work as quickly as possible. We also are making significant headway in our extensive cost reduction program as we disaggregated shared services and established 2 appropriately sized corporate centers, again for the 2 public companies. Based on our initial analysis, we are targeting at least $100 million in cost reductions over the next 15 months. We also entered into an agreement to sell our non-core Broadcasting Group to E.W. Scripps and for $212 million in cash. This move demonstrates our commitment to more sharply define and focus on our portfolio of core businesses. We're also working with Heidrick & Struggles in the search of a new CEO for the Education business, and I'm pleased with the progress that we're making there. So with that, let me sum up and say that for The McGraw-Hill Companies, we had a solid third quarter and certainly the first 9 months very solid for 2011. We're making progress to implement our Growth and Value Plan and our results demonstrate the rationale for our decision to separate Markets and Education, 2 great businesses with divergent models. We are delivering significant capital to investors through share repurchases and dividends. We are on track for another year of growth and expect our full year earnings per diluted share from continuing operation will be in the $2.81 to $2.86 range. Okay, let's leave it with that and let's go to the questions. And Don, let's go back to you.
Harold McGraw: Yes, no, and that's a little high, but I don't because one of the things that we're going to be doing, Bill, in terms of streamlining the organization is to make it very, very transparent in terms of what those actual numbers and what those growth configurations are, as well as the direction that the new product development initiatives we'll take on in that part. Lou Eccleston was talking and showed one of the slides about all of the cross-asset class collaboration that can go on in terms of developing new product capabilities for new audiences and the like, and we're going to keep that in front of everybody. And then -- and so I think it will be very clear what those businesses are capable of doing and whatever. We're not going to change to a new configuration until we've got the cost structures right in terms of the new entities. So what we're working on now is developing those cost structures so that those operations can be efficient and effective in delivering those. But then we will -- and then we'll streamline the organizational schedule to comply to that. So we'll do everything we can to keep it very transparent so that you can see exactly where we are and where we're going.
Harold McGraw: Yes, we look at that all the time and we're very pleased with the program that we have for this year, and we'll continue to evaluate that and given current conditions, you can expect probably more.
Harold McGraw: Hold on one sec, Bill. Bill, let me get that number for you. We'll give it to you as soon as we got it right here.
Harold McGraw: Okay, Craig, well first of all, as I've mentioned, when you're talking about an aggregate number in excess of $1 billion of corporate assessment -- corporate administration, IT and shared services, the first thing that you have to do is obviously make sure that the cost structures are efficient and effective for the 2 public companies, then we can start talking about how we can reduce that. We believe that at this point, at least $100 million can come out of those -- in those components. And again, it's an ongoing process and we'll just keep you updated as we go. Some people think it could be a lot more, we'll see, but I think at least $100 million at this point and we're going to keep refining and working on that.
Harold McGraw: All right. Well, certainly in terms of -- we talked about the progress that we're making with J.D. Power and also on the construction side, everybody knows the weakness of the commercial construction business in the marketplace today. And we are combining right now the whole combination of capital markets, commodity platforms, as well as commercial market parts. So at least at this point, we're very wedded to that. And if there's any change, obviously we would let you know. By the way, Jack, on the quarter-end base.
Harold McGraw: A little bit, definitely on that. And hopefully we'll see some pickup but -- in that area, but I don't think materially at this point. Yes, I mean again, when you just talk about the overall, the new issuance numbers in the first half of the year with a lot of the M&A activity and so forth, we're very pleasing in all of this. The contraction obviously is disappointing, but it's very, very reflective obviously of current economic conditions and the lack of some of the corporate activities. Now hopefully with the bank loan market, hopefully with some of the high-yield coming back a little bit, and it will see corporate issuance because of the refinancings and things like that. But we'll -- we're watching it very, very carefully, but that's a key component at this point but it's economic-market driven. We also have to watch the European markets very carefully and we'll see what response comes out of the G20 in another week. But we've got to watch their -- the sovereign debt situation there very carefully as well. So I think we'll see some progress, but we've got to be very cautious here.
Harold McGraw: Well, we're seeing some pickup. We're watching very carefully again the bank loan market on that part. We're starting to see a little bit more pipeline on the corporate side, and we're looking for the offsets on that as well. And so I'm hopeful that it's going to be a little better situation.
Harold McGraw: Well, exactly right. I mean, I think that what we have been doing is taking very and hard looks to maybe what that in the worst-case pipeline situation could be, and Doug Peterson is very much focused on a cost reduction program. And we're see -- you're seeing the effect of that right now. And we'll continue to monitor the pipeline aspect to what more we may have to do.
Harold McGraw: Well, Peter, this is Terry. Obviously, speed is a critical requirement here. I -- what we have said is that we can complete this by the end of 2012, and I think that gives us a fair bit of leeway at this point. And our effort is to do it obviously quicker and I think for all people concerned, that would be a good thing. But let us get through the resizing of the cost structures and get the -- and to get those cost savings, we need to start to implement that sooner rather than later. And so all the effort will go on to that part and we'll just keep you updated on how that proceeds. But yes, and I do think we can put that sooner, but I'll keep with the by the end of 2012 at this point until we've got hard numbers or otherwise.
Harold McGraw: Yes. And, Sloan, this is Terry. Obviously, as we're finishing up on 2011 and so forth, we're already living in 2012 and that plan, it's a little early to come out with the projections on that part but the whole game plan is revenue growth and margin expansion in the Markets area. And so as we get the cost structures implemented as the -- and as we get the organizational implementation done, you fully can expect margin expansion.
Harold McGraw: Well, I can't really comment on that one at this point, Sloan. I saw the press reports that came out with some of those kind of things. We didn't come out with that. And so right now, the S&P Index business is doing fabulous and we're very excited about it. And Lou talked about it, almost 360 exchange-traded funds now based on S&P Indices and it's growing at a terrific rate. We're very excited about this business and stay tuned.
Harold McGraw: Yes. And it's a great question, Doug, and it's a nebulous answer because everything in K-12 right now is short term and Texas is no exclusion to that. They've come up with this allotment system, trying to bring some equity between different districts within Texas. They could very easily change it again. It's just that the funding pressures at the state level are so enormous. And right now, my sense of it is that there's a process of taking a little from here, a little from here, and so forth then trying to think through that you've got a coordinated approach, and it's not. One of the things that states are going to have to do is prioritize better and then fully fund those disciplines that they're going to prioritize. So everything right now on the K-12 funding side, again is short term.
Harold McGraw: Well and again, from our standpoint, we are -- the word that we're using is cautious in terms of the near-term outlook. But as I was saying with Bill Bird's question, we're hopeful here. We see some pipeline in all of that. And I think it's a little early to just see how much of that is going to translate. But we're optimistic that there could be some good activity in the fourth quarter. So at this point, I think that in terms of the overall guidance of $2.81, $2.86, we've got a range there that takes into account a flat fourth quarter to a much more positive one, especially for S&P.
Harold McGraw: Ed, you're exactly right, and we expect -- and again, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves in projecting what people are going to do, but we are seeing some activity on the corporate side and we'd like to see that continue. We also are looking very much at the bank loan market. Europe is very much a wildcard and we're watching that very carefully. I mean, the obvious demand and need is extremely high. How it gets translated is the issue. I would -- I think that you are going to see a pickup in bond issuance in Europe, but we haven't seen it today. On the non-transaction side, that was the game plan for quite a while now to be able to smooth out volatility associated with the transaction side. And so that is the much bigger piece now in terms of the fees and the subscriptions and in terms of surveillance and all of those kind of things. It gives us a very, very strong steady base. And you put with that the pickup on the transaction side, as well as the focus on bank loans and the refinancings, I think the picture looks a little brighter.
Jack F. Callahan: And let me provide a little more detail. Because we do have -- to your point that it's a complex cost structure, we have multiple work streams detailing efficiency opportunities across the organization, let me give you a couple of examples. Each business is reviewing its cost base in detail as part of our planning process for next year, and several have already identified no specific interactions. More specifically, we're looking to simplify and streamline the org structure by increasing spans of control and reducing layers. And across corporate and shared services, we have some work to do to separate functions and activities to realign costs to the specific and appropriate cost structure of both Education and Markets. We're reshaping compensation and benefits to meet the industry standards of each industry. And in longer-term, we need to reconsider the footprint of our facilities. So I just give you some examples of the streams of works that are well underway that kind of will fit into the creation of 2 separate companies and a more efficient cost structure.
Jack F. Callahan: But our outlook is based on a very cautious view. If it's -- if for some reason, confidence comes back in and it springs forward, that would be an upside right now.
Jack F. Callahan: The thing that will help with S&P is just -- as you know, we've been investing in that business around it in a number of areas over the last 3 to 4 quarters, and the rate of that investment has considerably slowed down in the third quarter, so for example, the QCCR program is now largely flat to year ago. There's been some headcount and comp-related costs that have largely had slowed down Platts. So the slowing of that piece of investment resulted that legal expenses moderated a bit. So there's a number of things that are going to ease some of the expense pressures that we have been seeing for the last few quarters.
Jack F. Callahan: And I would just add, since the announcement, we now have the opportunity to create a full-blown corporate-wide program management structure to get up the activities that's well underway, and it's part of our weekly rhythm to start working with the various teams to start making decisions and moving forward.
Jack F. Callahan: Well, I mean, let's -- going back to initial guidance, I mean obviously, the year is -- it's had its upsides and its down. I think on relative to our ingoing and expectations in guidance on the year from a revenue point of view, McGraw-Hill Financial is pretty much right on in the top line, doing better on the bottom line based on some of the margin expansion that Lou spoke with. Information & Media has had a better year than we anticipated with stronger top line, and so it's been a good year for Information & Media. I think the 2 places where obviously in this building of the themes of the call where relative to our incoming assumptions we've been struggling with is Education where we thought we'd get some growth there, but I think we're looking at a mid to high single-digit decline in Education given what's happened in the all-important third quarter here. And Standard & Poor's is -- had some good quarters kind of given the activity we saw in the first half for the year, but that clearly has slowed. So we're probably sort of in the mid-single range for the full year, which is a bit down from that high single view we thought we had coming into the year and the more robust capital markets outlook that we had in the first half.
Jack F. Callahan: Michael, first of all, we'll have detailed reconciliations on the Web right after this call to help you all through that because we did take Broadcasting in discontinued operations. Last year from an EPS point of view, it did provide about $0.01 a year ago. So that's why our -- and opposed to stock's view of Broadcasting, last year went from $2.69 to $2.68.
Jack F. Callahan: Well, I mean it's obviously been aided because you have -- it's organic growth is quite strong, but it's been benefited by 2 acquisitions. That's still positive versus a year ago. BENTEK closed in the first very early days of January and Steel Business Briefing in July, so I wouldn't -- 25% does have those 2 acquisitions that are helping it.
Jack F. Callahan: We also, too, have been benefiting there on the non-transaction side from international growth, both about to some degree in Europe but also from CRISIL. So there is the -- that we grow outside U.S., that's also helping that metric.
