Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Manav. If we look at our desktop, we are still looking at our growth as the fastest growth overall in the desktop industry. We said to you last quarter that we expect mid single-digit growth in the desktop for Market Intelligence and that’s still what is our best expectation at this point in time. And then you see that active users of our desktop products are still increased period over period by low-teens kind of levels. So, why do we see this kind of level of growth in the desktop? I think that has to do with a couple of reasons. It has always been a competitive environment. So, to some extent, that’s not so much different than what we have seen in the past. But certainly, there are changes in customer preferences in terms of the delivery mechanism of data. So, we see more and more customers that want to have certain specific data sets through data feeds, which we can take in to their data science groups, combine it with their own data sets, and then deliver certain insights and take certain decisions out of that. So, for us, it doesn’t matter so much in which form customers would like to receive our data. In the end, the desktop is just, in the end, a delivery mechanism. And we see our data feeds business growing in a very rapid way. So therefore, if we look at our data feeds business, our best expectation of growth in the future will be high single-digit to low-teens for most of the quarters.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, Michael. Good morning. At the beginning of this year, during our first quarter earnings call, we said that margin expectations for Market Intelligence should be more or less at the level of the reported margins in the first quarter going forward. And that has to do with two offsetting developments. On the one hand, the growth of the business to operating leverage which will drive the margins naturally up by itself and then offset by very specific investments, investment programs and some of those initiatives that we expect to help future growth of the company. And when we speak about the $100 million investment program overall, about half of those investments are going to Market Intelligence. So, that is obviously depressing a bit margins at the same time. So, the two factors are offsetting and therefore, we said that expect margins to stay more or less at that level of the first quarter and that is also basically what you have seen during the second and the third quarter. So going forward, we would say that probably the same expectations should continue; margins in Market Intelligence to stay more or less at this level, maybe slightly creeping up. I don’t want to be too much ahead of ourselves and be too premature with respect to our 2020 guidance. But overall, we expect that we will have several initiatives where it makes sense to put new investments behind because, again, these investments make sense for future growth and value creation for our shareholders. So therefore, a similar trend of what you have seen so far this year is probably the best expectation for Market Intelligence in the near future.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes I think the components is a bit tricky to give you all the details because we have never been speaking so much about that so far. But let me help you with a couple of pieces of information that is hopefully useful for you. So, when you look at our overall strategy for Market Intelligence and the Desktop, our strategy is focused about delivering better content, more data, high-quality data, alternative data, better linking, a better search engine. And then we have our enterprise approach, which is the enterprise-wide contracts, where we want to stimulate as much users to go on our platform. So, there is a fixed price per customer and they can have as many users on the platform as they want. They are foreseeing more active users, and therefore, we see that going up as we reported this quarter 11%, but this has been more or less in the low double-digit for the last multiple quarters. So, if you take that into account, we get a better product period after the period and the combination of that strategy, if you look at the annualized contract value of our customers, we see a healthy growth. And that gives us the confidence that we will be able to grow our Desktop revenue in the future at the mid-single-digit level. The other point that I would like to highlight is our aspirational margin guidance for Market Intelligence. We have said that is mid-to-high 30s. So, that is the guidance that we want to provide over time, where we think the margins will go for Market Intelligence.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Tony. This is Ewout. Thank you for recognizing the strong results in ratings. Obviously, we are also very pleased with the progress we are making. The improvement in margins in ratings has been basically a continued trend over the last periods and you have, in fact, seen that in periods where the debt issuance market was a bit weaker at the end of last year, at the beginning of this year, our margins were still developing in a favorable way. And now, we can continue on that also when the issuance markets look more favorable. Overall ratings margins on a trailing 4-quarter basis were at the level of 56.7%. So, according to our standards, we are not really at the level of our aspirational margin targets of high 50s. So, I have a bit of room still there to grow. And how do we expect that growth to happen in the future? Continued revenue growth, which is a combination of new issuance, refinancings, of course commercial contract changes, new initiatives that we put in place in ratings, think about ESG Evaluations, think about our launch of rate activities in other countries around the world. And then, there is also continued work around making the ratings organization more effective, taking complexity out, taking layers of the organization out, and making it more an effective organization. So, overall expenses going up 4% this quarter and the top line going up 13%, I think is clearly a very good combination, and that is helping margins, but you should expect basically the same trends, the same activities, the same management actions to continue in the future.
Ewout Steenbergen: The international strategy for Index is not so much changed of what we have said in the past. As you know, our business is largely tailored around U.S. equities where we hold some of the largest benchmarks. But then we are growing our international business in many different ways, mostly through relationships with exchanges around the world and there are several of those in Canada, in Australia, and in many other markets. That’s the way how we’re trying to grow our international business. And so, there is nothing particularly here to call out with respect to what was the drive for it; this is the same strategy that we have been applying over the last period.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Andrew. When we look at Data Management Solutions, there is nothing particular to call out with respect to the growth this quarter. There was 8% growth, as you have seen. This is always dancing around a little bit quarter-by-quarter based on specific transactions and deals that happened during the quarter itself, but we would look at this as normal volatility. As I said before, the expectation should be for the data feeds business growth over the next period high-single-digits to low-teens during most quarters. With respect to customers, there is a whole mix of new customers, existing customers, new data feeds who are putting more and more data on our Xpressfeeds platform. You have seen some of that. For example, with respect to our transcript business, which used to be a static product and has become now a datafeeds products where it’s in machine-readable format. It has the links there. It has been tagged to certain keywords; for example, the analysts and then the analyst models or key individuals that are speaking to the call. There have been [indiscernible] data on our feeds business, the SNL data on our feeds business. Doug was speaking in his prepared remarks about the sentiments course around this. So, we’re adding more and more content on our data feeds business and that is ultimately driving growth both from existing customers and new customers.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, that’s a correct observation. We are growing internationally. We are doing that by growing our sales force around the world and we see particularly growth in the EMEA region, being very healthy, as well as in Asia. That’s, by the way, not only a trend for Market Intelligence; we see, for example, the same for our Platts business. And we are very pleased with that because that’s a result of a very explicit strategy we have as a company to grow faster outside of the U,S. and be able to take our fair share in terms of market position around the world. So, Yes, this is the result of very specific strategic actions we have taken in our businesses.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Bill. You are right that Platts is a very steady grower at the mid single-digit level at this point in time. You see the core subscription business. The price reporting business being very steady, growing every year at that level that’s, of course, the majority of the business and historically, also very much focused around oil, petrochemicals, gas, and all related products. But we are expanding very rapidly to new commodity categories and we’re very pleased with that. Metals, agriculture, we have been speaking about LNG, and also renewables is of course a very important element, they are also around the ESG theme. So, we’re clearly expanding around new commodities, which will help with future growth in Platts. And then, we are very pleased with the growth in Global Trading Services. These are the products that are being developed with some of the exchanges around the world; think about Singapore Exchange, think about ICE; and with the product developments, they are really having some traction and therefore, good growth in Global Trading Services. One key element that we believe is very relevant with respect to future growth of Platts as well is the fact that commodity trading desk in some of the large investment banks have been reduced heavily over the last few years. So, when we will see more of those global trading desks around commodities coming back in some of the investment banking organizations, then we would expect to see a pickup in growth of Platts in the future. But the best expectation for the near future is probably very steady, predictable mid-single-digit level growth for Platts.
Ewout Steenbergen: We continue to be very pleased that we have such a well-diversified customer base in Market Intelligence and in fact, that’s one of the reasons why we believe that we can continue to grow a bit above the industry kind of levels. So, we have buy sites, we have sell sites in Investment Banking. We have a large customer group in Corporate Banking and Insurance. We have general Corporates, we have the academic world. So, we are seeing still a very well-diversified group of customers. So, we expect that to continue, and overall, therefore, we feel we’re relatively well insulated against some of the specific trends, particularly on the buy side, as you have highlighted.
Ewout Steenbergen: Absolutely. We continue to be extremely excited about Kensho. Actually, we feel this year we have found a good operating mode, a good groove, so to say, and the collaboration between the businesses and Kensho and our many initiatives that are going on and overall, with a lot of enthusiasm within the organization. So, just to mention a few, we have an initiative about completely revamping the Market on Close process in Platts, which is being done with help of Kensho. We have the continued work that’s going on about data extraction and entity linking. There is work continuing around Omnisearch and improving of Omnisearch on the Market Intelligence platform. We have a product that is called Codecs, which is able to analyze very large sets of written materials, documents, and being able to pull out the most important elements to analysts, which could be analyst in any industry and in any kind of job profile. We have work that’s going on about what is called Data Operations at a surface, more fundamental data architectural work that is happening within the company and there are many other examples as well. So, we feel there is good progress with Kensho and at the end of this year, during our fourth quarter earnings call, we will give you an update particularly with respect to the value creation around Kensho, as we did also a year ago.
Ewout Steenbergen: Well, we are always looking at M&A. As you know, that is an additional opportunity to grow our topline and we are always very busy looking at many opportunities in the markets. But you know, we have a very clear framework. We first look at those areas that we have pre-defined as strategically important for the company. So, we’re not looking at everything that’s under the sun or that is brought forward by a banker. And then secondly, we have a very clear framework with respect to our capital approach and valuation metrics. So, there is always multiple projects going on at the same time. This quarter, we had two very small acquisitions in Platts, which was the Live Rice Index and a Canadian energy business, but we will continue to look at opportunities. But of course, you may expect us to continue to be very disciplined both on the strategic angle as well as from the financial angle.
Ewout Steenbergen: Hi, Craig. The main reason here was that in high-yield, we saw very large growth. Most of those issuers in high-yield are not on frequent issuer programs, and that is driving the transaction revenue more up than the overall issuance levels in the market. So, that is the main reason why you see discrepancy at this particular item.
Ewout Steenbergen: John Berisford and his team are continuing to look at opportunities to simplify the organization, make it more effective, introduce new technology tools to make sure that our credit rating analysts have to spend less time on data aggregation, updating their models and spreadsheets, and look more at highest value-added part of their job. So, more to judgmental parts that is part of the credit risk assessment. So, that is helping the Ratings business. At the same time, if you look at the expense growth this quarter versus last year third quarter, it was up $20 million, mostly related to small movements here and there. Particularly, incentive compensation was a bit higher this quarter based on the strong performance. And then there were several elements that went in different directions, so nothing else particularly to pull out. So, we will just continue with the progress we are making, the same strategy, the same approach, and taking benefit of the operating leverage we have in our Ratings business.
Ewout Steenbergen: George, that’s a bit of the opposite question that was just asked, because again you have to look at the differential between transaction and non-transaction revenue. And non-transaction revenue contains the surveillance fees. These are the issuers that are on frequent issuer programs, these are new entity ratings, this is some of the CRISIL and other category, this is Rating Evaluation service. So, this is a very steady part of the overall ratings revenue and you saw that going up 2% points in this particular period. And then if you look at the transaction revenue, which is really driven by transactions that are happening in the market, there we saw this very healthy growth of 25% and that was, in fact, higher then the issuance in the market and that was driven by what I just explained; that most of the high-yield issuers are not on frequent issuer programs. So, you have to go one or two layers deeper in terms of granularity to really look at the underlying dynamics and drivers and see what are all the different components of our Ratings revenue.
Ewout Steenbergen: Gary, that’s a great question and we have, as you understand, a lot of management discussions around this topic because our philosophy is that topline growth, in the end, generates the highest level of value creation for our shareholders, particularly at the levels of margins that we can report at this point in time. So, that’s why we have very explicit investment programs in place. That’s the $100 million investment program that we have been talking about in the past. And what we are seeing today is that we expect those investments programs to continue because we will identify new opportunities to invest in the future, and those will help with future growth of the company, which we think is the most attractive for us going forward. At the same time, the benefit is that we still have a lot of efficiency and productivity opportunities as well, as a company. So, we are able to self-fund some of those investments programs at this moment and we believe that there are still new efficiency opportunities as well going forward. So, therefore – In fact, if you look at our expense growth year-to-date, the expenses are up just under 2% year-to-date. And that means that we have been able to absorb acquisitions like Panjiva, RateWatch, Kensho; have been able to make new investments in those large initiatives at that $100 million level that we expect still for the full year this year and just growing the expenses under 2%. So, that is showing how we are working on both sides here in order to make very explicit divestments, but also be able to self-fund. And I would expect that to continue and that we can do still both at the same time in the future as well.
Ewout Steenbergen: What is our strategy with respect to the migration of the platforms? As you probably know, the whole SNL platform has already migrated to the new Market Intelligence platform. And then the next phase, and that is a phase that will take quite some time, will be the movement of the Cap IQ customers to the new platform. We expect next year that we will create a situation with dual access for almost all of our customers, so that the Cap IQ customers will get some familiarity with the Market Intelligence platform. And then slowly, step by step, with a lot of hand-holding, we will move customers over. And that will probably be a process that will take quite some time, so mostly will go beyond 2020. And that’s important because we can’t lose customers along the way. Customers have embedded some of those desktops in their workflows have embedded it in their models with automatic links. We have to make sure that all the data is available, all the features are available. So, there is a lot of hand-holding that is needed in order to make sure that customers are comfortable to move over. So, we’re continuing to make progress there. We have very specific actions planned for the next period and particularly, to make sure that all of our customers have access to both platforms, when they are today only on Cap IQ, is going to be an important step for next year.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So, the second part of your question, we are going to address in our next earnings call. So, the full year, fourth quarter call, we are going to talk about give some outlook for 2020. But going back to the first part of your question, which relates to our issuance, let me give you some of the numbers then. So, for 2019, I will give you 2019 and 2020. So, for Corporates, we see that – by the end of the year, that Corporate issuance should have gone up by about 17% and then in 2020, up 6%. Financial Services, up 6% this year and our forecast for 2020 is up 3.5%. Structured Finance will end this year at about 2% up and next year, we’re looking at 5% up and then U.S. public finance is 6.2% for this year and 2% for next year. And that gives you total numbers of about 9.4% for 2019 and 4.7% for 2020. And as I said before, this is based on a deep review and research by our credit research team in ratings that look across many different factors. They look at all the different markets, they look at interest rates, they look at maturities coming up, they look at the M&A market, they look at what’s out in bridge loans, etc, etc. So, this is right now their best forecast at this point in time.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So, China is still a super high priority for us. Very exciting. We still have a lot of people visiting and our launch has been going very, very well and – but because – building a market like this from scratch, it’s going to take time and as you’ve heard us say in the past calls, this is a three-to-five-to-10-year kind of initiative. We are in this for the long run. And so, since last quarter, we’ve been holding hundreds of meetings educating market participants. We’ve been calling on all types of market participants to discuss ratings or methodologies or criteria and we do see a very active pipeline building. In addition to that, we’ve also launched our market intelligence business and we’ve added full coverage of the Chinese public and private bond issuers with profiles and financials. This market has actually noticed that we’ve begun to add new customers in China for Credit Solutions. And so, we’re very pleased with the overall results. In addition to that, one of the factors which I personally watch very carefully is that how are we doing hiring the right people. And we now have in place a new Chief Financial Officer for our Chinese operations at CTO. We’ve got ahead of people, and so we’ve got the infrastructure in place now with really highly qualified people who are helping us build out the team and make sure we have the right kind of functionality in place. So, more to come on China. We’ll obviously keep reporting on it as it progresses, but the progress in the third quarter was excellent and I am really, really pleased with the team we’ve built on ground and the market response that we’ve been getting.
Doug Peterson: Thank you, Christian. This is Doug. Well, first of all, ESG products across the company are quite varied. As you know, we put in place a framework, where last year, I put in place a design team for ESG cutting across all of the divisions, so that we could take advantage of this really big opportunity. By the way, just anecdotally, I was in the IMF meetings in Washington a couple of weeks ago and every single meeting that I had, we talked about ESG. So just – I know that’s anecdotal, but it’s a really booming area. And so across the company, we have various ESG products. Today, I talked about a few of those that we have with Trucost, which is part of Market Intelligence. I also talked about one of the specific ESG indices we have with the S&P 500 ESG Index that we now are going to be launching – CME is going to be launching a futures contract traded on that. So, across the board, we’re seeing a lot of growth in this and we will give some more information about the overall outlook on our earnings call next quarter. But within the ratings product, the one you’re specifically talking about, we’ve had three ratings – ESG evaluations from the Ratings business, which have been published and made public. The introductory pricing there is one that we’re using as pilots with the clients that we’ve been meeting with and we’re going to be rolling out a different pricing schedule over time. But again, as I mentioned with our China discussion earlier, this is really a great opportunity for us to be rolling out new products and services, which are in demand by the market with a long-term view. We’re not just rushing into this in the next quarter or the next two quarters. This is a 2 to 3 to 5-year initiative. We want to do it in the right way and we’re very, very pleased with the response that we’ve been getting and the hundreds of customers that we are meeting with that are asking for follow-up phone calls to learn more about the engagement. So, more to come on this, but we’re off to what we think is a very good start and we are very enthusiastic about what we see.
Doug Peterson: Yes. The European markets, there is a couple of big trends going on. One of them, obviously, is very, very low interest rates. In fact, the rates there are now so low that even Greece had some negative rates in the last quarter, where you had the entire yield curve for a few markets, the German market and the French market, a few weeks ago, the entire yield curve from overnight to 30 years was negative. And so, there is a lot of questions about growth in Europe. There is a change going on in the ECB between Mario Draghi and coming in with Christine Lagarde. There has been some discussions that Christine Lagarde, although she is in ECB, is somebody that’s trying to talk about more stimulative fiscal policies and structural reform, which would potentially help drive some new growth in the markets. So, I think that there is a combination of questions about how long interest rates are going to stay that low; you’ve got questions about some new policies that are going to be coming to market; you also have the Brexit, which has created some uncertainty. So, when we speak with participants of the market, these are the sorts of factors which they will cite as to why issuance has been a little bit weak in Europe. But overall though, it’s still a critical market for us. We’re well prepared to respond, no matter what direction it goes. And we’ve also positioned ourselves for Brexit so that we’re able to serve the markets, no matter what direction Brexit goes, by having opened a Ratings headquarters in Dublin. So, overall, we’re very well prepared to respond, whatever the direction goes. But there is definitely a lot of issues in Europe, which have created some caution in the markets there.
Doug Peterson: George, I will take this question. First of all, in the competitive landscape, you have seen a lot of big developments that we are watching very closely right now as we think about our strategic plan for the long run. You have seen a couple of companies have come out on the retail sector to eliminate fees for stock trading. One of the effects of that is it seems there is a lot more of volumes going into ETFs and when things go into ETFs and they go into passive structures, a lot of times we benefit from that. So, we look structurally at the market overall and we see some big shifts continuing to go on in pricing overall, all the way from the retail level to the institutional level. And the big flow overall of assets into passive is something that we’re benefiting from. Now, to get a little bit more specifically to your question, we don’t see any specific pressure on our fees ourselves directly. We have very long-term contracts with the people that we deal with. We work with them in a way that we know, in the long run, what our pricing is probably going to be and how it’s going to end up. And so, we continue to see a similar structure to our own revenues and expense base that we’ve had in the past. We saw a very large increase in overall volume this quarter. You saw that Ewout talked earlier in his section about this. And so, from that increase across the board of our revenue from indices, it flowed through to improve our margin. But we don’t see any overall change in the structure of the market or our own business model that we’re going to see any significant change in the index margins. We will provide more update on that at the next earnings call.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So, overall across the entire company, we spend as much time as possible listening to customers to understand what are going to be the biggest trends that are driving the need for new analytical and benchmarks from S&P Global. When we listen to the markets, there is a lot of change going on in technology, thus driving feed products and what we’ve been calling the marketplace in the Market Intelligence business. When we talk to people, they are looking at major changes in regulation, which for the last few years in the Banking sector helped with a lot of the growth in risk services at Market Intelligence. It’s our business at CRISIL. And specifically, with the energy transition that’s going on related to climate change, there is an increasing interest in a combination of ESG products as well as products like the 0.5% IMO sulfur product, which is now moving to the CME and ICE exchanges as futures. And so we try to look out in forward what are the things, the biggest trends, that are going to be impacting people’s needs to make financial decisions and market decisions and how can we serve those. And some of the products that we’ve talked about many, many years ago start showing up over time in our revenues. As an example, in Platts, we’ve been responding to the market changes that are going on in the structure of the energy industries and one of the products that we featured frequently over many years was the JKM Marker, which was the Japan, Korea marker for LNG in Japan, which has now become the Asia price, which is now on exchanges as a futures contract. So, we like to give you updates. These are – Some of these products started out small, but they helped show what do we think are the biggest trends in the markets and how are we going to be addressing those trends and as I said, their technology, their risk management, their ESG trends that are changing people’s needs to have more and more data about markets and so we’re trying to show you how we’re addressing those going forward. And I appreciate your question.
Doug Peterson: Shlomo, thanks for the question. I can’t tell you specifically if we are displacing people, I know that sometimes I hear that anecdotally. But what I do hear and what I do see is that when we move people on to the enterprise contract, that users go up and it’s a combination of people before that were not necessarily users because they were guarding the number of seats pretty jealously as to who would actually have access to the per-seat pricing. And so there is people that in the past wanted to use it or needed to use it, they now get access to it and then there is other people who have become more light users. And so you see a huge advantage as it starts getting built into the workflow of an institution, because you have people that are not the hardcore power users; they’re light users who are helping print out reports, they’re helping download information, and they’re helping look at new researches coming out. And that actually helps us embed the overall MI platform across the entire architecture of a firm. So, does that then end up displacing other people? We think it does, but I don’t want to give you anecdotes; I’d rather come back at some time in the future and give you more facts around that.
Doug Peterson: Patrick, this is Doug. Clearly, we are on top of this. We are watching this very closely to see what kind of initiatives could be under way. The SEC already has been doing work for the last few years looking at different business models. They’ve got a couple of different groups that have been formed to take a look at the Ratings industry. But very importantly, inside of the SEC is a group called the CRA. It’s a credit rating agency group that has been – has now had almost 10 years of work overseeing the Rating Agency industry. They’ve got the data, they have the facts. And we’re engaging very closely across the board with the regulating – with the regulators with the SEC itself with the CRA Group. Anybody who would like to talk to us, we have no problem sharing all the data we have about how we run the business. As I said earlier, we stand by our ratings, we stand by our processes and our procedures, the controls we put in place, the quality of our ratings, the quality of our processes, etc. So, as you know, this is something that we will be watching very, very closely. We’ll be actively participating in any dialog that comes up around the business model for rating agencies, and we’re ready to have a very professional dialog about this. Appreciate your question.
Doug Peterson: Let me just wrap up and tell you again that we’re very pleased with the results that we had today and we were able to talk about all four divisions and our significant margin improvement in the productivity programs. It’s also encouraging that, as a company, we have the capacity and ability to invest in some of the new products that we featured today. But very importantly, we appreciate all the interest from the analysts to ask questions today and we always appreciate your questions, the easy ones and the tough ones. So, keep them coming. Thanks a lot.
