Doug Peterson: Thanks for that question. This is Doug. Let me start with that. Well, knowing that issuance is going to be one of the key questions that we're going to be talking about, let me just review a little bit what we saw during the quarter and then some of the expectations for the rest of the year. As you know, it was a very weak quarter for issuance. We saw that the total global issuance was down 9% excluding bank loan ratings and 12% including bank loan ratings. We saw, as an example, U.S. bonds were down 22%; U.S. corporates were down almost 50%; and high yield globally was down 68%, and the U.S. was down 75%. So, with that backdrop, as you see, we've looked towards the rest of the year. We expect that issuance during the second quarter will be recovering, but not necessarily to the full extent that it would have been compared to last year. And the second half of the year, the comparables are not quite as difficult as they were earlier in the year, and we do believe that there will be a rebound in issuance given the situation and current positioning in the market. But let me hand it over to Ewout, who will provide some more color.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Well, first of all, let me share with you a little bit more about what our outlook is for the full year and what some of the sensitivities are in that forecast. As you know, we are expecting that the overall issuance of bonds will be down 5% for 2022. But if you look at what the components are in the corporates, we already saw very weak issuance in the first quarter. And so we've forecasted to be a 12% decline for the full year with a downside of up to 25%. And it could recover and have a 5% -- down 5% full year. We do see strength in financial services. They continue to outpace the issuance last year. We expect it for the full year will be up 2%. But again, with the current environment, that could drop to up to 5% down. Structured finance and U.S. public finance could be down at 7% this year. That's what our current forecast is, and they could also see downside up to 12%. And then there's other factors such as international public finance that as well would be down 2%. But as you know, we are very close to the markets. We watch what's happening. Our forecast is based on many, many different factors. We look at what is the current situation of maturing bonds in the market whether it's on people's balance sheets. As you know, there was very little -- hardly any issuance at all of either loans, high-yield loans or high-yield bonds during the first quarter. There's a pipeline out there that still wants to go to the markets. We also know that there is a set of M&A transactions which have not been completed. There's $1 trillion of private equity capital on the sideline that still has not been deployed. So, we look at all of these factors and weigh them together to come up with our estimate for the year of 5% down. So, this isn't just one single factor that goes into it. We are looking across many, many different factors. And as Ewout just said, we also expect that through the year, there will be recovery in issuance as we keep going deeper into the year.
Doug Peterson: Let me start with that. We’ve been thrilled with the response we've been getting from our customers as we started the merger and working together. We’ve been able to get all of our teams merged within the divisions commercial team. So, they're out listening to customers. Ewout and I have been out listening to customers and hearing what they talk about. They're talking a lot about ESG, about energy transition, about some of the key thesis of this deal where we began with. In addition, they're interested in data and AI and machine learning, how they can link their data with ours.  And we've seen that our commercial organizations have already been out in the market. We have strong pipelines of cross-sell within all the divisions. We also have a set of products that we'll be looking at over time. As you know, the merger will be very powerful for us, but the main synergies coming from the revenue side are built towards the back end. But we are already seeing very, very strong relationships with customers, very good dialogue and with all of the different areas that were the core thesis of the deal itself.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So, thank you for that. As you pointed out, we had really two different approaches. At Market Intelligence at S&P Global, we generally had more of an approach that was an enterprise model. It gave us an opportunity for customers to have all of the users having access to the products and services, where financial services comes in with an approach where some of their products are priced more on a per user basis or a volume basis. There are some of the products within the new Market Intelligence, which came from IHS Markit that are going to be priced differently because they're installed software, which for us is an exciting new area, also some of the enterprise services that are provided as well. So, some of those are not going to necessarily fit within the product merger. But there are a lot of opportunities that we've seen of moving data, which is within the IHS Markit, things like bond pricing, reference pricing, moving that into the Desktop. In addition, there's data that we have for even something that we've had as long as Compustat, where some of that data can be moved into the products and services that are software solutions. So, the commercial teams have been brought together. There's been immediate cross-training so that every single person from both of the two companies understand the products of each other. We’ve also seen opportunities for the traditional cross-sell customers that don't have products on one side or the other that we started servicing. And as I mentioned, some of the biggest themes in ESG. We have the new scores, which we have 11,000 scores, which we've taken and put them into the Desktop. We can put those into many other areas. So, we see ESG as a theme, data as a theme. There's a lot of interest in credit risk. Private markets is another area. So, it's only been 1 month for this quarter since we closed. It's been 2 months since we closed, but the enthusiasm, the momentum is excellent.
Doug Peterson: Well, first of all, thank you for the question and drilling down a little bit more, there's really two key factors. First of all, if you looked at the high-yield issuance in February then into March and into April, it has been quite weak. There's times when we've gone an entire week and even longer without even one issuer coming to market. Given the external environment, that's also had a change. If you go back to the beginning of March, the last time we spoke, there had -- the invasion of Ukraine had just started. We hadn't seen yet the major impact on the markets of volatility of the energy markets and commodity markets. And we also, at the time, didn't have any clear guidance yet from the Fed what they were going to be doing on interest rates. So, if I take a step back and look at very specific dynamics in the high-yield market itself, when will that be coming back and what are our expectations. And then second, the overall macroeconomic geopolitical environment and then more specifically in the U.S., we are just starting to get a window into what will be the programs that the Fed is going to institute to try to combat inflation and the timing of some of their interest rate increases.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Take this as an estimate for global issuance. This is what our team looks at. It includes all markets and all types of issuance. It's the exact same base that we use when we talk about what the overall issuance has been quarter-by-quarter.
Doug Peterson: Yes, rated issuance would be -- if you look at -- if you could adjust a little bit for Asia, where the fees are not quite the same and there's issuance in China still a different kind of a market, but that's the forecast that we use. It's the basis we use for the guidance that we provided.
Doug Peterson: Yes. When we look at Europe, there's a couple of different factors. First of all, on the Rating side, it was similar to the rest of the world. The issuance levels were down. We saw that in Europe itself that for the quarter, the corporate issuance is down about 25%. Financial services was down 13%. That compares to in the U.S., corporates are down almost 50%. Financial services were down less in the U.S., 5% versus the 13% in Europe. But in addition, Europe did have some strong structured finance issuance. But overall, Europe continues to be a market that we're quite interested in because we see the transformation from a banking market to a capital market. There's also very strong growth in ESG. Europe is one of the sectors and one of the regions of the world that's really setting the fastest pace on ESG. We see a lot of interest there for the different ESG funds we've launched. We've seen fastest growth for S&P 500 ESG and Dow Jones Sustainable Indices that have been launched. Europe is the pace setter there. And we also know that in Europe, there's been a slower uptake of inflation. Right now, inflation is not quite as high as it is in the U.S. The ECB has not moved as fast when they are looking at increasing the core rates. So right now, the negative side of Europe is clearly that you've got the Ukraine invasion and that horrific war that's going on there. And we will have to see what kind of impact that has on Europe. Europe is also impacted potentially by the energy markets. But net-net, our European businesses have been on the same pace as the rest that we've seen in the U.S. But there are a few downsides, but we also see a lot of upside as the market doesn't have the same inflation impacts as well as the opportunities for the capital markets to play a much larger role.
Doug Peterson: Thanks, Owen Lau. Well, first of all, in this environment, the combination of Platts and IHS, the energy natural resources business is providing the knowledge and the resources that the markets look to in a volatile environment like this. Clearly, there's a combination of volatility in the energy markets, both with gas and in oil. You see the commodities related to agriculture also going -- undergoing a lot of volatility. And we have a combination of the benchmarks, which are embedded in people's contracts, in the research and the analytics. We have advisory services. We also have the energy transition that people are looking to. We have a combination of new products and services that we're coming together with IHS Markit in carbon markets, in battery metals, in things that are the transition energy economy. So, we think that the two together really bring a powerful voice that people are looking to. And let me just end with something we talked about on the earnings -- on the prepared transcript, which was related to CERAWeek. CERAWeek is the premier conference for the energy industry. And this year, there are over 5,000 participants. And it was a very, very lively dialogue, including government officials talking about what's the future of commodities. And we are really at the center of that dialogue and think that it's one of the best times for us and one of the most exciting things about the combination.
Doug Peterson: Let me start with the question about cloud. And one of the -- another one of the exciting things about the transformation with the merger is that we have an opportunity to have scale in all of our negotiations and discussions with our providers when it comes to cloud and our digital transformation. Both S&P Global and IHS Markit, we are far advanced on cloud transformation. We are able to bring those two programs together and get scale. In addition, we have really interesting opportunities in data and data sciences that you'll be hearing much more about in the future. But I will let Ewout answer the other part of your question.
Doug Peterson: Well, first of all, clearly, Ratings has different levers they can pull. If we need to, we could move costs. When it comes to compensation, we could slow down hiring, we could slow down investments. But at the same time, as Ewout mentioned earlier, there are times where there's variability in the issuance environment where you've seen big drops. We’ve always mentioned that you could see a quarter or two quarters with very weak issuance. So we also want to make sure that we don't cut too quickly, too fast. We think that the markets are complex. There is growing. People want to see a variety of opinions. We're also investing in ESG across the Ratings team. We have a specialized unit within the Ratings business that is doing sustainability analytics. We're seeing high growth there. We want to make sure that all of our analysts are ready to provide any type of support for those markets. So clearly, there's a lot of levers we can pull, and we will already do some of those. But at the same time, we want to make sure that we keep investing in that business because it's so critical to our overall franchise.
Doug Peterson: Yes. There's a couple of opportunities there. One of them is that the overall mobility industry itself, the automotive industry is going through a lot of change. This is a time when dealers, OEMs as well as suppliers to the OEMs are looking for more and more information about the supply chain, about the supply chain disruption. They want to understand more about what's happening at the dealer level, who's walking in the cars, who's walking into the dealership. In addition, there's been a lot of changes in the financing environment. As you know, the dealers as well as the OEMs have been using a lot of information in the last few years with different types of rebates with low interest rate loans, low interest rate leases. And so, the market is really going through a lot of changes in addition to electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles. And with all of that, there is a value in having this data and analytics that come from the Mobility division embedded in people's workflow. And we just see that there's a high need for it right now in this disruptive environment and a lot of change going on. So, this is an area that we're pleased to see that this kind of stickiness, especially in this kind of an environment.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Well, first of all, you're right that there's a different kind of mix and different sort of revenue profile. This last quarter, we did have many of the issuers that were out in the market, which were the frequent issuers that have a different pricing profile than those which are more transactional. So, we do look carefully at the mix. The more high yield, sometimes there's higher volumes, higher pricing there as opposed to some of the frequent issuers. So, it's something to watch, but there's no necessary -- no specific guideline, but mix is important when you look at the transaction revenues.
Doug Peterson: Yes. The conferences are clearly a critical part of our brand building and relationship building. As you know, across all of our businesses, we think about our relationships as long-term professional relationships that we manage in a way that we always want to bring the best products and best services. And our conferences serve as a way to convene thought leadership. They allow us to convene the leaders across industries. And that always gives us opportunities to improve our ACV, improve our relationships, improve our access to clients. So, it's not -- you can't find necessarily a direct relationship. But there's definitely an indirect relationship over time that allows us to build our customer revenues and ensure that we are really relevant to the markets.
Doug Peterson: Yes. I think there's three factors I would like to mention. One of them you talked about, which is the war and the very specific environment right now with the volatility of energy prices as other commodity prices, including metals and agriculture. This is creating a lot of demand for knowledge, for thought leadership, for opening up stronger relationships. And the second, I would say, really relates to energy transition, which is a longer-term view that companies and governments are very interested in what will be the long-term impact of the shift to cleaner and renewable energy environment. And there's a lot of discussion going on right now about transition energy, what's the future of natural gas. These also open up opportunities for all of the businesses. And then the third is, relates to the -- all of this together is the Upstream business. As Ewout talked about earlier, the Upstream business has been -- really had been decreasing over the last few years. And it seems as if in this current environment and with all of the investments that have been made that, that business is now going to be seeing a bottom and starting to grow again. So, we think that net-net, all of the businesses together position us very well to be able to address all of the needs and the opportunities in the future of the energy and commodities businesses.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thank you for that. And 2 months in, we are thrilled with the results. Our people are excited. They're motivated. One of the key indicators we look at is people changing their LinkedIn profile to say S&P Global, which is very high. We find that the people have been motivated by the vision, the purpose and the values of S&P Global as we’ve come together. And it's too early. It's just really 1 month in, 2 months in for us to give you any trends. But all of the informal indicators are very strong that we've been able to bring the team together that's very motivated and people want to ensure that we have a successful future.
Doug Peterson: Thanks, Shlomo. Well, let me finish and thank everyone for joining the call. And I want to elaborate on the question that Shlomo just asked, which is about how things are going. We are thrilled that we were able to close this quarter and be able to have that merger come together after 15 months. All of the teams have come together so well as you've heard us discuss during this call, the ability to find opportunities from what we are hearing from our customers to bring our organization together at every single level, including our commercial teams that are out there looking for ways to sell and to innovate and bring new products to the market. In addition, we think that we are off to a great start on integration and the ability to bring the two teams together in a way that not only do we create value through cost synergies, but they were also positioning ourselves for growth for the future. The more we get to know about IHS Markit and S&P Global together, the more we know that we validated that this was the right thing to do, that the two companies together are stronger than either would have been alone. And finally, when it comes to what Shlomo just asked about our people, we are very excited to see the way that our people have come together with a strong executive committee that’s developed a set of visions and purposes and values that across the company, we are all talking about, we are committed to. And we think that we are off to a fantastic start, and we appreciate all of the questions today and all the support from the analysts as well as our shareholders and very importantly, our people. So again, thank you very much for the call today.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, George. Indeed, as Doug said, we are expecting still the second quarter to see some impact with respect to our quarterly expectations, but then to see some improvement in the second half of this year and particularly also because the comps will get easier during the second half of this year. I also would like to point out, of course, the benefits we have of the broader company we are at this point in time because five of our -- the six divisions are performing in line or better than expectations. We will see during the course of this year coming in the benefits from our cost synergies, the benefits from our buyback program and so on. So that should help drive the earnings per share growth in a very strong way during the rest of the year. Hence, that we're still guiding to double-digit EPS growth for the full year. So definitely, those elements will help to strengthen the performance of the company during the course of 2022.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, let me give you a quick overview for each of the divisions and happy to go deeper in some of the next questions. But for example, Market Intelligence, we are incredibly excited about the opportunity. The first conversations we are having with customers are really showing the benefit of the combined company. And we saw actually the subscription revenue going up in a very strong way, actually growing more in the double-digit space. Commodity Insights, very strong commercial momentum. The main issue with respect to the Russian revenue impact will be in Commodity Insights, but we expect to be able to offset a significant part of that based on the very strong commercial momentum we are seeing and also very excited about what we can offer our customers on a combined basis. Mobility, clearly some positive trends as well as we have pointed out, particularly because we see higher retention of our customers. The Index business, a strong AUM growth. Keep in mind, we are looking at this year-over-year. And of course, we started at much lower AUM levels at the beginning of 2021, and then also the derivative activity and volumes are much higher. And then you also saw Engineering Solutions growing in a healthy way during the quarter. So overall, we think that our businesses are very well-positioned, five of the six and that the issues with respect to the debt issuance environment are very isolated within the Ratings division itself. And also keep in mind that we have a significant component in Ratings with respect to non-transaction revenue. So that is clearly also an element of stability and offset for the overall transactional revenue.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, we are always looking, Manav, at the actual asset levels. And then we are assuming with respect to the growth and market appreciation, a very modest development for the remainder of the year. But keep in mind that this is a business where we have the natural offset, the partial hedge because if the asset levels will come down, we see the derivative trading activity going up and the other way around. And as you have seen this quarter, actually, the Index business has performed very well based on those kind of dynamics. So, if you look at it historically, the Index business actually has been growing revenues for many, many years in a row in very volatile market circumstances, very different circumstances over the years. And that is exactly due to the dynamics of the business and the business model that we have the different revenue streams in the Index business.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Ton. You're right. There are many different elements that go in the mix with respect to our margin expectation. But let me first reemphasize our margin expectations. So, what we are guiding to is still 130 basis points margin expansion during 2022. And the reason is we will see some natural growth in our businesses. We, of course, have our business as usual expense growth based on the activities of the business. We, of course, have some impact of the overall compensation environment. We have done some targeted increases in certain job groups. We have raised the merit in certain jurisdictions, a bit higher than we have done in previous years. But then at the same time, we also have several management actions that we are taking. Definitely, in the current environment, we're, of course, very careful from an expense perspective. So, we will see benefits from some of those management actions. We also have the benefit of some of our variable expenses that will come down during the course of this year. And then if you layer on top of that the cost synergies that will be very meaningful and significant, we are actually very pleased that in an environment -- macro environment where we are today, that we, as a company, still can improve our margins, increase our margins in a very significant way.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Toni, with respect to our own effort, 6.5% to 8% revenue growth for '22 and '23 combined, we have no reason to back away from that at this point in time. But obviously, we will continue to monitor that very closely. And the reason is that, as we mentioned, five of our six divisions are performing in line or better than expected. So, the main question is when is the issuance environment coming back. And we have been in that movie many times before. If you look back for the last decade, there's maybe three situations where the issuance environment was negative, and there were impacts on the Ratings revenue. But what we usually have seen then is after one or a few quarters, that came back in a very strong way. So, it is really the matter of the uncertainty about the timing when that is coming back. So, for that reason, we have no reason at this moment to back away from our revenue expectations for '22 and '23 combined.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Thank you, Ashish. I think it's important first to point out that we are in these results only 1-month in as a combined company. So, in that context that we are already being able to report $123 million of cost synergies on an annualized basis, we think actually that’s already a very strong indicator. With respect to the absolute number and the phasing of our cost synergies, nothing has changed compared to our information that we provided on March 1 during the merger call. But what is important to point out is that we made good progress. We are very comfortable and confident that we can hit those numbers. And you recall that we said that we will be able to achieve about $600 million of cost synergies in total and that we expect something like 35% to 40% in 2022, so realized in this year. And as I said, we are very confident that we are on track to hit those numbers.
Ewout Steenbergen: Alex, yes, let me give you a bit of the breakdown and explanation what is happening exactly in recurring variable. You're right. If you look at MI as a whole, approximately 83% is subscription-based, 5% is non-subscription. And then you have that category in between that is subscription variable at approximately 12%. There you see a bit more impact from market fluctuations, capital market fluctuations because that's the business that has some of those capital markets platforms, some of the origination platforms, some of the equity platforms. And that is being impacted by some of the general M&A and capital market activity and issuance environment that we are seeing, both in fixed income and equity in the markets. And yes, that is a market and a business where you see a bit of that impact. But overall, you see that the Market Intelligence, nevertheless, was growing in a very strong way. And when we see more stability in the markets over time, when we see the M&A environment coming back, we would also expect to see the subscription variable component growing faster again. So that’s the underlying dynamic that is happening in the MI business.
Ewout Steenbergen: So, if you look at non-transaction, there is a bit of a mix of elements that go into that bucket. What we see is particularly strength in annual fees. So, for example, that is surveillance, and of course, with more bonds and loans outstanding after the very strong issuance environment over the last 2 years, we see some benefit from that. Also, frequent issuer fees are going in that category. So that is also very stable. And at the same time, we see also the CRISIL performance that goes in non-transaction being very strong. So CRISIL is growing very rapidly, both on the domestic Indian Ratings business as well as in the global research, risk and benchmarking business. Where we see in the non-transaction bucket the revenue are not moving up, it's mostly Rating Evaluation Services, less M&A activity. So that is impacting Rating Evaluation Service and also new issuer credit ratings. Given the current environment, we also see less activity there. Nevertheless, of course, 7% is a nice growth for non-transaction. We would probably see that slowing down that growth a little bit for the remainder of the year, but I would expect it still to be in a positive territory.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, first on the portfolio, we are very committed on driving growth and success of each of our businesses at this point in time. We see multiple opportunities, as we mentioned during the prepared remarks, of value creation across the enterprise. There's a lot of cross links we are seeing with respect to revenue synergies. And I think it's really exciting to see what we can do altogether. Having said that, you know us and our management style and philosophy will always be very disciplined portfolio managers. And we will always determine ultimately over time if we are the best owners of certain assets. But at this moment, really our focus on driving the economic value generation of the portfolio of businesses we have at S&P Global.
Ewout Steenbergen: And maybe one quick addition on cloud. There is a bit of a bubble [ph] cost, mostly in Market Intelligence because we are still in the transition there in that particular segment from on-prem to the cloud. So, we would expect over time to see that expense growth to go away. So, it's more transitional in terms of the expense impact on the Market Intelligence segment. With respect to the buyback question, Owen, we expect that the current $7 billion ASR program will be completed at the beginning of August. And then we are ready to enter into the next phase of our buyback program to complete the full $12 billion at the end of 2022.
Ewout Steenbergen: I think if you look at that, Craig, we always start with what is the added value we deliver for our customers. What is -- what will contribute in terms of usage, what kind of data sets are these, proprietary data sets, hard-to-achieve data sets, how are we embedded in workflows and processes? That is the starting point. And then we look at the overall value we generate for the enterprise and think about what is appropriate in terms of pricing and price increases for such a contract going forward. So, we don't just look at that simply by a percentage. We always look at first, what do we deliver to the customers and then reason back to what is appropriate in terms of the economic level of the fee that we will charge to the customer.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, that is a bit speculative, Craig, as you understand. So, I have to be careful answer that question in a too specific way. But you know our management philosophy and approach. We always will be looking to raise the bar to find new opportunities, to leave no stone unturned. We will be looking across the whole company about what we can do better, more efficient, where we can integrate, where we have opportunities to automate, where we can use AI and Kensho across the board. So that is what we are planning to do. I think you know that the biggest areas of integration will be in Market Intelligence, Commodity Insights and in Corporate. So, if we will find upside ultimately in synergies, most likely it's in those areas. But again, we will be continuing to look for opportunities across the board.
Ewout Steenbergen: And one quick addition to Doug's answer. Although you're right, Jeff, that the direct cost synergies in Ratings will be relatively small, Ratings will be a beneficiary of cost synergies in the Corporate segment that is being allocated to all divisions. And because Ratings has a very large base in revenues and employees based on those allocation keys, Ratings will be, in the end, also significant beneficiary from the corporate cost synergies that we will accomplish.
Ewout Steenbergen: It's based on management's best estimates, our own internal forecasting models, which is the midpoint, the best estimate point that the Ratings Research Group has put out in terms of the issuance outlook. So that is that minus 5% level.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Faiza, first of all, welcome to the call, and we are very happy that you're part of the analyst group now covering us as a company. So first, on Commodity Insights in terms of the expectation in terms of revenue growth for the year, we have said mid single digits. And then in terms of margins, mid to high 40s. And nothing has changed there compared to what we said to you a few months ago. And what you see is maybe first, I should speak about the impact of the Russian situation and the fact that we have suspended our commercial activities with Russian customers. Overall, not material for the company as a whole, but the largest impact is in Commodity Insights. But as I said at the answer of a previous question, we are very pleased to see the commercial momentum in the Commodity Insights business, and we expect that they are able to make up a significant part of that during the course of this year. So that's clearly a positive. You're right that revenues looked a bit high during the quarter 14%. But take into account that we had that CERAWeek event that had a significant impact on revenues during the first quarter. If you take CERAWeek out, revenue increase was approximately 8% during the quarter. So still strong, but definitely at a different level. Final commentary is we are really excited to see what is happening in that business because you could say there is, in fact, really a benefit of two trends at the same time. Traditional energy doing well. Of course, with the current commodity prices, you see that producers are in a healthy situation. And then there is so much focus at the same time on energy transition that we will have a benefit of helping our customers on both angles, and that’s clearly driving some of the underlying growth in this division. And therefore, we are overall very, very optimistic and positive about the outlook for Commodity Insights.
Ewout Steenbergen: Well, we are not giving any particular guidance on a downside scenario in a quantitative way. So, I would like to be careful to answer your question in too much specifics. I think the overall perspective that we have on the Ratings business is that at some point, we will see the issuance environment coming back. We have seen this in many times in the past. At some point, this will improve. And we really think that we should lower the level of anxiety around all of this because there is uncertainty around timing. But ultimately, we have always said there could be one or a few quarters where Ratings revenue will be under pressure. But if you are having a mid- to long-term perspective of the company, nothing has changed with respect to outstanding debt. Nothing has changed with respect to overall trends and correlations with GDP and other growth drivers. So, the secular trends in this business are still there. Maybe short-term, there could be some fluctuations. But if the perspective is more mid to long-term, I think nothing is different with respect to the overall activity of the markets and also the economics of the business, both the top line growth and the margin expectations for the Ratings business.
