Lance Uggla: Thanks, Eric. Thank you for joining us for the IHS Markit Q1 earnings call. We are pleased with our Q1 results as we outperformed our expectations for the quarter, and we continue to invest in our people, our products, technology and customers for long-term profitable growth. Key financial highlights of the quarter: revenue of $932 million, up 10% year-over-year and 6% on an organic basis and at the upper end of our longer-term range. We experienced broad-based growth across the firm. Adjusted EBITDA of $359 million and margin of 38.6%. Normalized margin expansion was 220 basis points, excluding the impact of FX and automotiveMastermind. And adjusted EPS of $0.53, up 18% over the prior year. Let me now provide some segment highlights. Transportation continues to produce very strong results with organic revenue growth of 10% in the quarter. Growth was driven broadly with continued strength across our auto business and improving performance within our aerospace & defense and maritime & trade businesses. Our recent acquisition of automotiveMastermind is performing well and will be a strong growth driver for us in the years ahead. Financial Services reported 6% organic growth with strength across our information and solutions businesses. In particular, a strong quarter for pricing, indices, valuation services, managed loan services, and enterprise data management businesses. CMS organic revenue growth was 5%, as we are benefiting from improving end markets and also operational changes since merging. And finally, in Resources, we were pleased with 3% organic growth as our upstream energy business continues to improve and our mid and downstream businesses remain strong. We are confident in our low single-digit organic revenue growth outlook for 2018 and mid-single-digit organic growth rate for our annual contract value. This view is in part supported by an increasing CapEx spend environment for our customers as we forecast the price of oil to average in the 60s in 2018. In the beginning of March, we held our annual CERAWeek conference, which brought together over 4,000 global industry leaders and policymakers from over 60 countries and the entire energy value chain. The CERAWeek team managed another great event with record attendance and revenues. We had growing segment participation from across our firm, including Financial Services, which exemplifies the powerful value proposition of the combined IHS Markit and gives us confidence in achieving our revenue synergy target for the year. From my conversations with customers and industry leaders, it was great to sense increasing confidence and optimism in the underlying energy market dynamics. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Todd.
Lance Uggla: Thanks, Todd. I'm pleased with our start to 2018 and feel confident in our ability to achieve our financial guidance for the year due to our execution and stable to improving end markets. We'll continue to take advantage of the merger synergies and our combined scale to make incremental investments that will help us better serve our customers and to aid in consistently delivering our longer-term annual financial commitments of 4% to 6% organic revenue growth, at least 100 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion as we move to our mid-40s target and a double-digit earnings growth. Operator, we're ready to open up the lines for Q&A.
Lance Uggla: Sure, no, that's a fair question and one that we expected. But I think the – from our view, Peter, is if we go back to the merger, we did talk 0% to 2%. We hit 2%, as we said. We then talked 2% to 4%. We hit 4%. We peaked into 6% on the final quarter last year, and we've had a good, strong quarter this quarter. But I think our view is, is that it is just a quarter. We've got a full year ahead of us. If we have another good quarter like that, we'll reassess in the summer. But at the present time, we held our guidance where it was. Thank you.
Lance Uggla: Okay. Thanks, Bill. It's Lance. So, I guess the first thing is when I hear the word artificial intelligence, it's definitely probably one of the hyped buzzwords of the day and one that's impacting a lot of conversations. But if I look back in time, the types of things that we've done in terms of being an information company with a lot of operational activities, if you look back in time, a lot of cost effectiveness came from putting some of the operational jobs in the best-cost locations. But then ultimately, what we found over the last 10 years is that we could use machine learning, which you mentioned, which I'd put as the kind of lower-hanging fruit of artificial intelligence for an information company, to start to take repetitive operational processes and use computerized or computer augmentation or assistance to actually do a lot of those functions. We've been doing a lot of that for the past 10 years and have significant efficiencies around those types of operational activities. The next-level AI comes when we start to move up the food chain from there, where we actually want the machine learning to actually improve over time with built-in processes of intelligence. And that's again, as an information company, something that we spend a fair bit of time internally. And through the merger, we did put in a new role of Chief Data Science, which is another great buzzword today, but somebody that's using math and science, quantitatively led, a high use of technology, can manage operational processes and improve them with AI. And Yaacov Mutnikas, who reports to myself, is our Chief Data Scientist. And as we've said on previous calls, we have about well north of 20 proof-of-concepts, of which 5 or 6 have now moved into pilot. These are all AI-driven. Now, go a bit further up the food chain and we get into natural language processing. Here, we're using computer augmentation to help us leverage available public-based, web-based Internet content to – in a multi-language setting to take events from the World Wide Web, classify them and then insert them into our data sets. And those data sets are both in Economics & Country Risk and in our aerospace & defense, Jane's business, where we're looking to achieve operational synergies and also improved amount of content that can be explored to insert into our events catalogs. So, as a firm, we're doing a lot ourselves. We'll continue to do a lot ourselves. We haven't considered or looked at any acquisitions in that space, but Yaacov's team is now built up to be a significant team within the firm. It's part of the area we're investing in, and we think it's a lot of – the hype around AI is business as usual for IHS Markit. Next question.
Lance Uggla: Yes, okay. So, on the cost side, we – when we merged, we said that we'd have a minimum $125 million. I think we also said at the end of last year that we – the $125 million was in hand, and then we also said that anything above $125 million, we'd invest back in the business. And we talked about four key categories that we felt incremental investment would lead to a higher propensity to achieve the top end of our range. And we really feel that some of those incremental investments that we've been able to put to work, some of the things just we're speaking to on Bill's question around AI and data science and data analytics, those are areas where we can leverage the overall content sets of our firm to improve our research, our insights, our valuations, et cetera. So, the $125 million was a good number, and we were able to put that to – get that in hand and any additional merger synergies put back into our business. On the revenue side, we targeted $100 million run rate at the next year's exit, 2019, and I think we had, had $10 million, $35 million, $100 million, and in fact we feel, if anything, the momentum on revenue synergies has been accelerating as we really look at – we were quite excited around CERAWeek, where we really could see the intersection of energy with financial market participants that want to finance the energy companies, with the automotive companies intersecting around mobility and the shifts in the supply of electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles, how that's going to impact energy prices, as well as demands on the power grid. That was a very interesting intersection. And then finally, the biggest intersection in the middle of all of this is technology, and of course, the Internet of Things. The leveraging of the cloud for information and distribution, the use of cheap storage and the fast analytics and much bigger chips is impacting all our business. So, we really felt IHS Markit come together around CERAWeek and it really felt like a firm-wide event, not a divisional event. Maybe next question.
Lance Uggla: Yes, that's an easy answer, Manav. We have to be prepared and we have to do an excellent job, and our teams have it in hand, and we don't foresee any challenges there. Next question.
Lance Uggla: Yes, no, that's both really. So, we – of course, our data sets provide the fuel into analytics, so that's a positive, but we also have a large geoscience and engineering business that is made up of several software assets. Those assets have been – the primary one there, Vantage, has been working closely with our data science team to build out much more rapid scenario analysis for asset valuations, giving us a competitive edge in terms of data and analytics. So, thank you. Next question.
Lance Uggla: I guess on the – adding to that on the operational side, I think Adam Kansler has been working with [indiscernible] and the team on ECR to build out a much bigger financial markets presence, and I think the team's done some great work there, and that gives them some tailwinds. Also, Ian Weightman on the TMC side, we've really taken technology and brought it up in the firm in terms of giving it a front row seat in terms of Ian leading it, reporting into Jonathan Gear. And the team there is really looking forward in extracting as much as it can out of its current products in a market that's favorable for technology. And then as Todd mentioned, Chad is doing a great job as well. So, a good shout out for all those three teams and they're working hard to be part of our growth. Next question.
Lance Uggla: I think Todd said it right. He gave me an Aristotle quote and said, "A swallow does not a summer make," and I thought that was a good start for the call. And the fact is that it's one quarter. And we merged our companies, we've been very focused on delivering what we say we're going to do and we're really pleased that we have a 3% number. Energy is a diversified division, and I think far too much focus historically just on the upstream because it had such a weight of 65%. But the fact is, is we have the world-leading chemicals team.  We've got OPIS leading in pricing and news in gas. We've got a great power and gas franchise and building renewables presence. And in upstream, we're still the world's thought leaders. We've got the deepest data sets, and we have a recovering CapEx. So, hey, we're back into some low single digits, let's see how we look at the end of the next quarter, and we'll go from there. But we think that low single digits is the right price for our guide – right level for our guidance, and we're just one quarter into the year. Thanks. Next question.
Lance Uggla: Yes, it's a – there are some tough comps in Financial Services in the second half, so I think that's the Number 1 thing that puts us in a place of being conservative and cautious and making sure that we don't get ahead of ourselves. So, I think you have to look at the comps forward and go, wow, last year was a big year. So that would be my Number 1 thing I'd have on my page. Outside of that, volatility is something that financial markets like. It creates activity. So, a few of the geopolitical and kind of political posturing, tariffs, a whole bunch of things that are driving some volatility in marketplaces, make markets interesting and, therefore, more active. So that might be a tick, but a tick that I would put very cautiously as we can see with the seesaw impacts that we've been seeing to financial markets. I would say that there's a strong trend that's been going for the last many years on passive investment, and our index franchise continues. Todd called it out again today. Indices and pricing, solid performers and we've put those on the plus side. And then finally, regulation. SFTR is a trade reporting regulation our teams developed a product for to meet regulations just announced. And they signed up 32 market participants and have the leading product. So, regulation still is a little bit of a tailwind as the implementation continues to take hold. So, I think we've got constructive good markets around us, a tough comp in the second half and some political uncertainty that could put pluses or minuses. So, at this point in time, we just hold firm to the guidance we've given you. Next question.
Lance Uggla: Okay, I can see you guys aren't breaking us down on the financial side, so you're hitting us from AI, sales force productivity. Brand-new questions we haven't studied yet. So, sales force – hey, for any company, we all want to have the best sales force productivity possible. So, for us, we've broken our sales teams into account management and sales specialists. Sales specialists are commission-led so are very much self-motivated hunters, and they work within their product groups and they do an exceptional job to go out and close deals and renew deals and make sure that revenue is brought in.  The addition of account managers across the firm, so we now have both financial market account managers that look for all the revenue synergies across the big financial players. We also, under Mark Rose, have – who is one of our senior energy experts, is leading account managers across corporates. And so, for us, we feel that if we cover our biggest corporate customers and financial market customers with account managers that are not led by the commission of the sales, but rather by deepening the relationship, and then organizing our sales specialists and product specialists into the account, we have a much more productive group. So, we've done that, that's been the last two years' work, and we're seeing the fruits of that and we're quite pleased with that. The second thing that gives us productivity is using technology. And so, at the base, if you want to be – go to the lowest-hanging fruit, of course, you have to have a good CRM. And when we merged, we had three. So, by fall of this year, we'll have a single CRM for all our sales teams globally. And that gives you the tools then to be more productive. More productive with the prescreening, the pipeline management, taking your sales team and products through the stages of closing, qualifying, and closing a deal and then, obviously, the renewing and managing the post sales. And for us, there's only one thing we want to do, is we want to be world class and we want to constantly improve productivity. And I think we've got all the knowledge and capability to do so, and we're working hard to make sure we set a high bar. Next question.
Lance Uggla: Okay, we're not going to have any comments on any acquisitions, but we haven't engaged in any of the rumored sales that you spoke about either. The first question, with respect to volatility, it's – I don't really think in the quarter it had any major impact to us. Where volatility sometimes can impact IHS Markit in an interesting way has to be around volume-based businesses because we have a recurring business model, so whether markets are busy or slow, most of our services are demanded regardless. But where there can be impacts for volatility would be really two places. So, one, in the derivatives market, higher-volatility marketplaces usually mean the trade size is smaller and more frequent. And given we're paid per trade, that generally, on a historical basis, has worked out to be a positive. So, in tough fixed income markets where fixed income revenues were down, we found our rates processing business was improving. The second piece is that when interest rates start to rise, you see a lot of corporates wanting to extend term and lock in rates and, therefore, our loan processing business can see additional activity. And those are two places where I'd say volatility can impact and can have a – can add to a quarter in Financial Services. Outside of that, I don't think, at least in my initial thoughts here, there's any major places where there could be an impact, and we didn't see that impact in the quarter. Next question.
Todd Hyatt: Well, I think with automotive, in particular, we've always balanced continued investment in the business and delivery of margin. And we really have built a story over the last 3 to 4 years, balancing those two items. So, it's not unusual to see margin push up a bit higher in one quarter versus another, depending on investment levels. But I think longer term, we've talked about moving all of these scaled information businesses into the high 40s range. And so, it was a strong quarter in auto, and the underlying information elements of that business provides substantial operating leverage. I mean, there wasn't – really, nothing more complicated than that, Gary.
Todd Hyatt: I wouldn't say anything specific. You hit the primary one, I think, being processing. But when we look at the performance, we've seen progressively improved performance, really over the last five quarters. And so, it's certainly easier to grow at 6% when you're comparing to a 1% from the prior year. So, I think the key for us is to continue to sustain the growth level as we move into the back half of the year. And I think, aside from processing, aside from boiler code, I wouldn't call out discrete items, but it's just ensuring that we maintain that momentum as we move through the year and performing in a way that we're delivering to the expectations that we've made that are delivering a robust level of revenue and profit to the shareholders.
Todd Hyatt: Well, first, as I said, we did see improved performance in all three sub business lines in CMS, so kudos to Ian, [indiscernible] and Chad for delivering that performance. Relative to nonrecurring, we did have I believe $2 million of boiler code revenue, and we did have some software that hit in Q1 that drove a significant nonrecurring growth number. And we certainly wouldn't expect that to repeat as we move through the year. And I think the sub number was 3% for CMS, which is more indicative of what we see when we talk about a low single growth rate for that segment.
Todd Hyatt: I wouldn't call out anything specifically. I mean, Q4 is our biggest quarter; Q1 is our smallest quarter. I think when you look at the ratable delivery year-over-year – the one thing I would say, this Q1, obviously, quite a bit bigger than last year Q1, but you're comparing a 1% organic grower last year to 6% organic grower this year. So, I think that probably balances out the two years a bit more. But I would expect the same seasonal dynamic. We don't have the code this year in Q3. We had it last year. From a processing perspective, the loan processing, flattish, slightly up. Derivative processing, I talked about credit was a bit of a drag. And as Lance said, I think the volatility tends to create more activity, particularly in the derivative processing. And then I think the capital markets refinancing, we'll see how the loan processing business performs this year. Last year was a very strong year, so tough comps, and that's why when we look in balance across processing, we basically have built in an expectation in the low single-digit decline.
Todd Hyatt: Yes, I think the big thing, Toni, is we had substantial billings that occurred in Q1, and obviously, we will be collecting much of that as we move into Q2, Q3. Historically, Q2, Q3 have been our strongest cash quarters and the dynamic really follows billing patterns for the business. Expect the interest number to track in line with the guide around interest expense. Expect free – expect cash tax to be at or slightly improved to last year and then CapEx, from a guide perspective, we said would be down a bit. So those are really the big drivers of the cash flow. I think the other thing is the acquisition-related costs. As we move into future quarters, we'll see that number come down substantively as we wrap up much of the integration activity moving into the back half of the year.
Todd Hyatt: No, I mean ACV is tracking as we expected. I mean we did add OPIS into the numbers and are flat in the quarter. And I think a flat performance in the quarter for us is not hugely surprising. I mean, there's some variability inside of quarterly activity, so nothing – I don't think anything from our perspective that's concerning or surprising. We still believe that we'll deliver low to mid-single-digit sub base growth for the year and that's a metric we'll continue to report on for the year. The one thing that does move the numbers around a bit, Shlomo, is FX. So, as we reset the beginning of the year, we reset it for current exchange rates. So that could be an item, but we can walk through the reconciliation with you.
Todd Hyatt: Yes, so FX, and we've talked about this in the past, we certainly have exposure at the revenue level. As the dollar strengthens, we have less revenue. As the dollar weakens, we have more revenue. We have very equal offsetting natural hedges in expenses. And so, you saw it in the prior years where a strengthening dollar, despite the fact that it impacted revenue, it really had very little impact on profit. Now what we see is a weakening dollar.  In the quarter, we saw 2% FX benefit, so call it, $18 million of additional revenue flowing through from FX. But we also have an offsetting amount of expense flowing through from FX. That's really a nonoperational item. And from our perspective, it doesn't make any sense to try to close a nonoperational item and try to over deliver the margin relative to that. So, as we think of margin delivery, we look at that on a normalized FX basis. And relative to investment, as we've said in the past, we'll balance delivery to shareholders, believe that this guidance is robust delivery of profit and we'll balance that with continued investment in the business so that we ensure that we can sustain future growth.
