Lance Uggla: Okay. Thanks, Jonathan. We managed through the many challenges of 2020 very well and are positioned to have a strong 2021. We're excited about the merger with S&P Global, and believe it will create long-term value for shareholders, new insights and capabilities for customers and greater opportunities for employees. Finally, I want to thank our shareholders for their continued support and our colleagues around the world for their dedication and focus through what was a very challenging 2020. Operator, we're ready to open the lines for questions.
Lance Uggla: Okay. Sure, Alex. Yes, we'll do, Alex. Thanks for the question. In terms of the 100 basis points margin performance, again, that's really just building, as you know and in last fiscal year, a very usual fiscal year for us many, many ways. But we did make some structural changes in our costs, and we're seeing a flow through there. That's less than normal growth rates that we're seeing on the 6% to 8% total that helps drive that overall margin. I think you will see particular as we flow through -- I would look at FY '21 as a relatively normal year. The comparison to '20 is where it gets a bit harry at times from quarter-to-quarter. So Q2, in transportation, for example, was a particularly challenging time for us. I think you'll see some odd seasonality on year-on-year comparisons there. But I would think of FY '21 really a pretty normal year for us.
Lance Uggla: That’s all right. Okay. So then the next bit that I'd like to say is that, for us the Data Lake gives us a speed of development of new products, but also this ability to attach our content with our customers content and give them new unique ways of leveraging and utilizing the data sets. So we see a bunch of efficiencies, and a bunch of commercial activities, of which we've started to get a positive trend going on those already. Of the second part of the questions on the events, I'll pass it over to Jonathan.
Lance Uggla: Can I add, Jonathan, as we -- one of the things I'd say, Shlomo, that I was quite impressed with is with the -- with virtual events we do have experience running CERAWeek India last year, which we did with positive revenue. And so we're applying that virtual model to the bigger CERAWeek event for 2021. And I have to say that the customer take up in terms of participating on in the events, as well as sponsoring and participating from a commercial perspective, has been reasonable. And so I've been quite impressed with the team's work. I know, they've involved me with some of the discussions in building some of the panels up et cetera. But they're doing a great job and I know they won't be able to produce the revenue they did physically, but they sure are building some momentum to add some revenue, positive revenue for virtual events as well. And let's see how that plays out in the quarter going into next quarter, but they'll definitely have a number. Thanks. Next question.
Lance Uggla: Okay. So, no, it's a good question. So there's not a lot of product sales, management overlaps in terms of the products and services that both companies offer. And we have a lot of opportunity for revenue synergies, where we're going to have to apply new people to work on the new opportunity sets. So therefore, the synergies come across all of the shared services. And of course, in a merger like this, we put in retention in order to keep the team's well motivated, intact with performance, successful performance, related retention that ties into us executing the deal really well. And that goes across the executives, including myself that will stay on post closing to help make sure the deals have success. And other people across the shared services that may not be having long-term roles, but their short-term roles are very important and therefore we structure in compensation to help make that happen. I have to say, as we went into the end of the year, post the merger announcement, we really had -- and the pandemic, we've really been operating that the absolute highest satisfaction levels in the firm that we've ever had. It's been a real pleasure, motivating people through the pandemic, getting the teams working on, running the company in a tough time doing the merger. And post the merger, we've announced our hub platform, JV with CME, our Cappitech acquisition, there's no stopping. And this is the company that's going into a close of a merger in the second half. We're still doing the things that IHS Markit has been designed to do and does very well. And so, no, I'm very pleased with how everybody has responded, the morale and how we're treating employees that may be without a long-term job post the close.
Lance Uggla: Right. Okay. Well, hub initiates out of two very large customers that were looking at opportunities to create efficiencies with respect to technology going forward. And those were announced in the press release PIMCO and Man Group. And they have a very close relation given the PIMCO CEO, was formerly the Man Group CEO. So close relationship and both CEOs looking at the forward use of two new technologies to create efficiencies in the total cost of ownership of the solutions that they're needed. And so Hub's initial job is to build a foundation of client transaction and reference data, storage for the management of the activities of the middle and back office of an asset manager. So therefore reducing the inefficiencies that happen from using multiple different systems. And you know it -- it's early stage. Microsoft as a partner is, of course, a choice of Azure with respect to the build and advisory on the build. McKinsey, of course, great partner who has worked -- who are working with asset managers who are trying to make their forward technology decisions. And State Street, great partner because they manage the outsourced back office for PIMCO and ourselves, who have a lot of experience that data management and the build out of financial services technologies. So it's really a joint venture of [indiscernible], where we have many, many owners who are going to own a build of a foundation technology, that will help bring asset management total cost of ownership down across the middle and back office functional needs to better manage those datasets. And it will be a platform that connect -- will connect to all the industry administrators over time. Various software assets, OMS, PMS risk management, risk attribution pricing, a real integrated hub, hence the name that looks to reduce the costs of management data with respect to a big asset manager. And the two asset managers that are announced in the transaction, of course, they have a lot of knowledge and IP themselves, and will be putting that expertise to work as we look at the forward plans of Hub. I don't know, Adam, if you want to add anything else, or we can pause there and -- okay, so we'll go for the next question. Thank you.
Lance Uggla: Right. That's a good question, Toni. Our revenues as Doug and I mentioned in the combination are slightly larger, but they're a little bit different than what you'd call the purebred ESG revenues because we don't have an ESG rating products per se, we have a whole bunch of products that really play into the E of ESG, and will be naturally combined and will create synergies with the S&P products. So for example, we have a carbon registry, which is where we’re -- where we have voluntary emissions receipts that are used for carbon offsets. We also build carbon auction platforms Costa Rica, California, Quebec, to name a few. And those auction platforms for pricing of carbon locally in a state or a region or a country are increasingly important and we'll continue to build those out. And then within our energy and transportation businesses, of course, we have a lot of geo-location data around all the energy-related assets, which are important to the climate discussions going forward. We have a lot of data with respect to some of the land use around agriculture. We have, of course, knowledge of the tailpipe emissions of all the automotive fleets. So we have these, what you would call is within all of our businesses, we have parts of the E of ESG. And when we combine that with the ESG rating services, the Trucost, the RobecoSAM's of S&P Global, we start to have a much more significant circa $125 million to $150 million of kind of base revenues that need to be brought together and then continued to grow at double digits. Doug has mentioned the 40% publicly. We've never really talked about our growth rate, but it's also strong double digits.
Lance Uggla: Okay, thanks. Thanks, Adam, and thanks everybody for your questions today. I'll turn it back to the Eric, operator.
Adam Kansler: Sure. Thanks, Lance. There will be much more to come over the next few months as we bring the two businesses together. But as a sort of as a high level answer to your question, you have a very common set of customers, common set of workflows and a lot of the same data enriching the workflows that the customers use on multiple platforms across the CME assets and ours. So this opportunity to bring it together, you'll have a much more complete dataset across all of those workflows, certainly within the derivatives markets, giving you the opportunity to build additional analytical tools, workflow tools, and things that allow our customers to manage their risk and processes more efficiently. I think they've -- the customer set has found for many years that maintain these data sets and these workflows in multiple places is highly inefficient, it's expensive and it causes breaks in some circumstances. So this is an opportunity to improve the risk management profile for our customer set, bring efficiency, bring their costs down and bring a better set of tools. So there will certainly be innovation and new applications and tools against those data sets and in bringing those workflows together over time.
Adam Kansler: Yes, thanks, Lance. A lot of this was discussed by both Doug and Lance at the time of the merger. And I think a lot of those themes remain true, and as we've continued to explore and get ready for integration, a lot of those original themes have played out. And that's really looking at the scale of data and insights available to the combined business. The ability to put the massive data sets and content available through the market intelligence platform into some of the technology solutions we offer to our customers in their reg and compliance, risk management workflows should be a real game changer in their ability to make decisions and us to give them a very efficient platform for consuming those wide ranging datasets. If you look for -- look at a corporate customer group, automotive, oil and gas, engineering companies will have the opportunity to give them both financial market and risk capabilities they need to run their business, but also data tools capabilities, let them thrive in their core markets with deep industry specific expertise, market insight and including things like asset valuations which we have been able to give before because of the -- really -- that expertise that we're now bringing to that core customer set that's a user of the market intelligence products. So that -- those are sort of the key areas. It's really the combination of a cross asset cross industry data set with workflow solutions already touching many of those same customers.
Adam Kansler: I think you covered things well, Lance. Maybe two quick comments. First on the Ipreo acquisition, I mean that really is fully integrated today. So we don't look at it separately, but each of those businesses is continued to perform really well, really providing central market infrastructure in a couple of places in highly volatile and really complicated financial markets over this past year, and it performed incredibly well and brought transparency and enhanced capabilities. And that includes, you mentioned SPACs, the level of issuance in the SPAC market, many of those transactions, again carried through our platforms. In the alternatives segment of that Ipreo business, combination with our existing capabilities like valuation, data management, the expansion into credit asset classes has proven to be consistent with where the markets are going. The increased flow of capital into those spaces, has positioned those businesses well to be market leaders in providing portfolio management tools, risk management tools, in particular data management tools. We go forward to both GP and LP community, those businesses have grown well up into the double digits over this past year. And we see that for the next several years ahead. And the last point I'd make is around crypto. Though not a singular focus for us, we obviously are responding to our customers needs to be able to value those products. You'll see last November, we announced a partnership with a firm called Lukka. We have several other tactical partnerships, so we do collect a lot of different pricing and reference data and other valuation information around cryptocurrencies in order to help customers value portfolios that may include cryptocurrencies. So it's an area we'll continue to focus not just on the valuations side, but probably even moving into the index side and near future as well.
Jonathan Gear: Sure. I'll go ahead and start and then pass on to Brian Crotty. Manav, so we've – the resources really is playing out as we expect it back in Q2 of this year when we saw the impact coming in on upstream. And we're seeing a two-tier world, obviously, where upstream business challenged by the external markets and the downstream business performing pretty much in line on the subscription side. The -- with the ACV as we kind of we need to lap a full 12 months from the restructuring of the marketplace, which took place in kind of mid-Q2. As we know and as we've discussed on previous calls, we've kind of leaned into this pretty heavily, worked closely with our customers and industry customers around us, but it does take a full 12 months. So as we look forward, we -- Q4 performed as we expected. We expect further decline of Q1, but Q1 for ACV being – bottoming out and then building in Q2. But I'll pass over to Brian for any specific color that he's seeing. Brian, I don't think we can -- I don't think we can hear, Brian. I think you're …
Jonathan Gear: Great. Thanks, Lance. So on the events, as we know, we offer events throughout the year. But Q2 is our heavy, heavy events month from a revenue perspective, where we have our three large flagship events of CERAWeek, the World Petrochemical Conference and the TPM Conference in our Maritime segment. We are not planning on holding those physical events this year. So when we look at our forecast -- revenue forecast for the year, we've taken that -- we’ve anticipated no revenue from physical events. We are, however, holding virtual events in those three events. The revenue from those is significantly lower, Shlomo. So don't expect to see a significant pop there. But I think it's important way for our teams to continue to lead the industry and lead in with our customers and help connect the industry during these times. So again, you won't see any revenue -- significant revenue from events for us in FY '21, but we will be holding the events virtually.
Jonathan Gear: I think you have it right, Lance. We've already started engaging with the government regulators, it's a very positive engagement there. And I mean, as Lance said, I just reiterate what he said, we see no surprises this year. Given the size of this transaction, it of course requires appropriate review by government agencies. But there's nothing I think that we see, nor have we heard any feedback that would cause us any concern. And it's just the nature of the size of it, I think it will be second half completed.
Jonathan Gear: Sure. So we created a $60 million retention pool, which we had announced at the time of the merger. And that's a cash pool being used to retained that jobs, which could potentially be at risk. Now, I'll emphasize potentially, as you can imagine, you do a merger like this, a lot of excitement at the individual level, people worry about what it means for me personally. And that retention pool really allows, as Lance said, it basically buys time for people to kind of see what their future looks like kind of going forward and kind of derisk the delivery of this year. But the $60 million pool which we've -- which we began to roll out shortly after announcing the merger.
Brian Crotty: Oh, okay. Sorry. Yes, I said, Jonathan, you're exactly right. When I look at the ACVs, it's really upstream that drove the decline in ACV. When you look out at the next year, you can see …
Brian Crotty: Okay. Yes, when you look at the ACVs on the rest of the group, you can see them improving steadily. And even upstream, we hit bottom in Q1 and then we steadily improve and get positive ACV in Q2, Q3 and Q4.
Brian Crotty: Yes. I think for us, it gives us a whole new customer base as well. When you look at wholesalers, convenience store marketers, even penetrates us more into traders. So I think that was a good thing for the Opus acquisition. Also, pricing services tend to have stickier renewal rates. And then the strong news component gives us a lower end product to up-sell higher end services. So I think strategically it was a very good acquisition.
Edouard Tavernier: Yes, happy to pick it up. Thank you, Jeff, for the question. So on the pricing side, there will be price increases in 2021, and we will proceed carefully. Let's remember that across North America, we're still in the middle of the pandemic. So we are still reflected on exactly the right time to introduce a price increase. So that currently is planned, but it will be a normal pricing increase and no particular catch ups. We are very focused on the health of our customers and dealer partners. In terms of the forward visibility, as you mentioned, Jeff, a lot of our transactional revenues are tied to things like marketing spend by the industry, as well as activity in the recall business. Now we're seeing some of those spend items come back, they were higher in Q4 than in Q3, and we're seeing a lot of good marketing activity coming through in Q1. So we are confident, they are on their way back. But as Lance mentioned in the introductory comments, and it will take a bit longer for them to reverse to normalized trends. We expect that in the second half of the next year.
Edouard Tavernier: No, I think you covered the key points, Jonathan. There is a seasonality effect, right. If you look at 2020, we took a significant haircut in Q2 on revenues, even as we work in on our cost base in Q3, revenue started coming back in when costs were low, and that it creates some seasonality in the margin accretion. And you're going to see some of that play out in 2021 in the comps. But otherwise, you captured all the key points, Jonathan. Thank you.
Edouard Tavernier: Yes, it's a great question. Thanks for asking it. So I think we mentioned on the Q3 call, that as we were removing the pricing concessions, we would be tracking the retention rates very, very closely through Q3 and Q4. Well, the great news is, it remained very, very strong, right. So our cancellation rates have remained low, even as we took out the option to suspend service and we're very happy about this. If you remember back in Q2, when the crisis struck, we said, the most important thing for our business is to make sure that when we come out of the crisis, we come out with customer relationships that are even stronger than they were coming into the crisis. That's why we made hard decisions. That's why we took the short-term kind of revenue hit because we believe that we had to do to get through the pandemic. I think we're coming out of it in the right place with very strong customer relationships with critical products and with high retention rates.
