Douglas Peterson: Yes, first of all, thank you Peter for the comments. As we looked at guidance, we wanted to take into account this very robust first quarter issuance, and taken a look at the rest of the year what we forecasted and what we budgeted. If you look at a report that we issued called credit trends in global issuance for 2017, as you can see, we looked at different categories. In my comments, I mentioned that, international public finance was going to be dropping and that was driving the overall 1% decrease. But for the entire year, we’re looking at industrials being up for about 5% issuance overall, financial services about a 3% range, structured finance about a 4%, and then U.S. public finance down about 6% to 7%. That’s – those were kind of the underlying conditions we used for issuance for the rest of the year. I don’t – I wouldn’t necessarily call it pull-forward, but it was a very robust year. We also wanted to highlight this quarter, bank loan ratings. We have never really given the kind of disclosure we gave before on the bank loan rating product. As you can see, results are very strong in the first quarter, partially driven by the rate environment, the spreads have come down considerably, as well as what I’d call a much more positive consumer outlook as well as corporate outlook for growth in the U.S. economy. As we’ve always said, growth is huge. GDP growth is the number one determinant of issuance, spreads are also part of that. But we’re expecting the quarter as well as the rest of year to play out, and that’s what we used to build our guidance.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, Peter, thank you again for the complement on the margin improvement. I think what you have seen is, indeed margin improvement for each of the businesses on an organic basis if you take out the acquisitions and divestitures. If you look at the improvements of Market Intelligence, Market and Commodities Intelligence, what you clearly can see is, there are the growth of the business as well as the impact of the SNL synergies. This was in line with what we provided to you in terms of guidance for 2017 with respect to the achievements in synergies and the run rate improvement should – we should see during 2017. Clearly, the margin improvements in ratings was a result of the better top line growth and modest expense increase. So it shows the scalable nature of the ratings business. Obviously, this is not the level of margins we expect going forward as the new standards, but it’s clearly a good improvement in terms of direction of the Ratings margins going forward. And then lastly, with respect to the Indices business, margins as you know are already in the mid 60% range. This is a range where we are probably comfortable with respect to margins going forwards. It’s a very scalable business, the marginal expenses are relatively limited if we are able to add additional revenues to that business, so that’s why we are confident that margins should stay in that range going forward as well.
Douglas Peterson: Peter, I want to add something. First of all, I think you know that we’re committed to efficiency and improvement of our margins. The best way of improve them is through revenue growth, but in addition to that we’re looking at other sorts of discipline on how we invest, where we invest our expenses, how we allocate. But the overall aspirations are to get to a sustainable low 50% range in the ratings business and then the MCI including Platts, aspiring to the mid-to-high 30% range. And then in Indexes, as Ewout just said, we don’t have any specific targets, because we’re already at such an attractive level and we do want to keep investing in that business for growth.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, let me take that. First of all, as you know over time we’ve been looking at growing our index business in different types of asset classes. We have investments around the globe that we’ve made with international exchanges to help them professionalize their index markets, as well as have distribution of U.S. indices and other international indices we have into those market, so that’s one of our diversification strategies. Another one has been on different types of asset classes that are smart beta or different ways to weight indices. And one of the most important growth factors that we have is ESG. We’re seeing very high demand on environmental, social and governance factors used by investors around the globe. It’s, asset owners are increasingly demanding more and more information, as well as benchmarking to EST factors. That’s one of the reasons we bought Trucost. Trucost comes with a phenomenal set of data and analytics, but more importantly a really high quality team. We’ve integrated them very quickly into our business and one of the beauty of Trucost isn’t just that we’re able to develop new funds and launch of funds, we’re up over 100 ESG refund already, but that Trucost also benefits all of our divisions across the company. We’ve got – we didn’t highlighted that we’ve been launching some green bond assessments, as well as ESG products in the Ratings business and we’re looking at ways that we can incorporate more ESG factors and climate factors into market intelligence data as well, so the Trucost has been a fantastic acquisition for us. We see a lot of synergies across the entire group for that acquisition.
Douglas Peterson: Last quarter we gave you a view of what we saw at the time, there hasn’t been enough of a change yet for us to update any of our thinking around that, but as the new tax proposal evolve, we will provide more guidance on that and more of our views as it more comes out.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, first of all, as I mentioned, the high-yield market has been one that that we’ve been able to benefit from. I’ve always talked every quarter, we always talk about the importance of understanding the mix of issuance and this quarter the mix including a large component of leverage loan refinancing, as well as high-yield bond financing was something that benefits us on the top line because of the – because they are the types of organizations and companies we don’t have frequent issuer programs with. But at the same time, while we benefited from that type of issuance overall, if you went back to Slide 10 in our materials, what you’d see is that we’ve also been able to increase our market share of the leverage loan issuers over the last few years. What we see is that investors demand the opinions in the valuation, the opinions and evaluations from S&P Global Ratings when they look at loans and we’ve been able to benefit from that and a robust market and because of our increasing market share we benefited with the increase in volume.
Douglas Peterson: Well, first of all, as you know we wouldn’t comment at all on any kind of market speculation and market rumors, but we do evaluate obviously opportunities in the marketplace, as you saw that we announced this quarter that we have set up a strategic relationship and alliance with Kensho, it’s not an acquisition, but just in terms of the sorts of evaluations that we’re always doing in the market looking for financial as well as strategic fit. And we’re always looking to improve our portfolio in the parameters and bounds of what we’ve defined as the markets oriented data ratings benchmark organization. But let me hand it off to Ewout to give you some thoughts about the second part of your question.
Douglas Peterson: Well, in general terms, we don’t give that breakdown. So we cannot give you a specific answer. Directionally, what we can say is that a largest part of debt was volume driven and contract terms is only a smaller part of the contribution of the 29% increase in revenues.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, first of all, we have been looking at ways to enhance our analytical capabilities that move into new areas like machine learning and artificial intelligence and cognitive learning programs. Obviously, we try to do some of that on our own and there are ways that we can task force, or special labs, or initiatives, as well as embedding things into our work workspace. But in addition, there are companies like Kensho, which are on the cutting-edge that we felt like it was valuable for us to build this connection with them to get access to people who are building new products and services that we hope can enhance what we do that we can learn from them as well as build products and services together. This was definitely done with that in mind to the kernel of your question, which is that, as the world changes, we believe we need to get on with it and move ahead with it, and that we need a combination of internal, as well as external sources for that kind of innovation.
Douglas Peterson: Let me give you a quick update on that. First of all, for those of you that don’t know a project simplify is, we have a – over the last five or six years, we have put in place a whole set of new policies and procedures and processes around improving our control in implementing new approaches to criteria, how we deal with documentation in our organization, and ensuring that we are operating at the highest quality and control standard for best practices, as well as to comply with the regulations that have been implemented around the globe, especially in Europe overseen by Esmond in the U.S. overseen by the SEC. So as we put in place all those different approaches to managing and controlling our business, we added on a lot of layers of activities and processes. And projects simplified for those of you that don’t know, then is an approach to take a step back and reengineer and reformulate our processes with many more of them being automated, as well as eliminating duplication et cetera. We’re probably, as Chip’s using baseball analogy this morning, we’re probably in the third inning. We have a ways to go where we’re just moving from the design phase into the piloting phase. The project is going very well. I’m pleased with the progress. I know that it’s going to require some change. But net-net, we think it will continue to allow us to move improvement in our margins and decrease some of our expenses. But more importantly, it will improve our work flow and our quality and allow us to invest also for other grow.
Douglas Peterson: I’m a little bit scratching my head, because I don’t have that data in front of me. I’m looking around if we have the specific answer to your question. But what I can tell you is that, philosophically, we have continued to manage all of our businesses for a combination of growth. We do have – this is, Ewout, laid out to you a few minutes ago. We do have programs where we like to invest and we like to manage our investments and track them, that’s one of the nice disciplines that the SNL team brought as well as their approach towards opening new businesses and managing them for growth and investment. But I don’t have the specific margins. But Chip has some – [has familiar with it] [ph]…
Douglas Peterson: I don’t have the actual detail on the custom on what – how people move to enterprise-wide contracts. But it is the direction we’re going. So think of it this way that, the SNL contracts were principally on enterprise-wide contracts Cap IQ, we’re principally on per se contracts, and we’ve been steadily moving the Cap IQ into enterprise-wide contracts. But that’s actually the goal of our new and recent sales force reengineering and launch of a whole new approach to how we’re managing the integrated sales force. One of the things that we’ve done and we had a brief comment about it in the prepared remarks was to put in place a unified sales force for market intelligence, which is, as you know, the Cap IQ and SNL sales forces. It’s built in a way that we have a combination of relationship managers who are managing relationships for the long-term. They’re identifying opportunities. We have a sales force. We have an excellent high-quality sales services, organization and post sales support group. And that’s where we’re now launching and leveraging the compatibility and the quality of both platforms to build out this sales approach. And what we’re doing there is also moving more and more of our contracts to enterprise-wide pricing, as part of that process. And our salespeople have incentive to up-sell, to get deeper penetration, as well as to move to – and to move to enterprise-wide contracts.
Douglas Peterson: I would say, we are very confident by the first quarter results. We are not providing quarterly guidance, this is yearly guidance. We have raised the bottom end of the EPS range by $0.10 and the top end by $0.05. What you should read out of that is a good start of the year. Again, we are not providing quarterly guidance. And from our perspective, this is the most reasonable middle of the road guidance we can provide you, it’s neither conservative nor aggressive.
Douglas Peterson: Manav, let me say it in the following way. We believe that there is an opportunity to provide more specifics in terms of our capital management targets and capital allocation targets for the company. Today, we don’t have very specific targets. There is a limit, particularly on the debt level. There is a limit, we want to stay in the investment grade space. But where exactly in the spectrum of investment grade, we haven’t specified. What we expect is that, later this year, we will be able to come back to you with more specific and concrete targets with respect to our capital management strategy. It’s a little bit too early now. So I cannot give you more specifics at this point in time. But later this year, we will come back with more specifics on that.
Douglas Peterson: Let me take that question. On the market intelligence, as you know, our shift to a enterprise-wide model allows us to model very carefully, or the value that we provide to our customers, and the kind of service that we’re delivering, it allows us to have a very good conversation about price. And it’s not necessarily tied to a price per user. As you know, we’ve had sometimes in the past with Cap IQ. So we look at that very carefully. It’s a value-driven approach to how we deliver that value, and then the kind of contract that we’re able to sign. So I wouldn’t say, there’s necessarily pressure there, because we’re able to negotiate that well. When it comes to the fee structures in indices, we wouldn’t necessarily talk about specific customer pricing actions. But we do have excellent margins and we’re very – looking very carefully at penetration at new products, new services, et cetera, as a way to grow our top line growth, and we’re very pleased with where we are in that business.
Douglas Peterson: We cannot give you those specifics, because then we would implicitly tell you what is the level of share buybacks we’re aiming for during this year. I can just say that share buybacks, the company has a track record. We are a believer in buybacks that it is a good and value and handsome way to return capital to shareholders. So you may expect the company to continue with our track record going forward.
Douglas Peterson: No, we’re not. There’s Spain, Germany, the UK, they have different aspects of how it’s implemented. But I don’t know of any place, where they’ve actually implemented in one sell-through.
Douglas Peterson: I don’t know there has been some interesting research and advocacy that’s been coming out recently on what the impact could be on beyond just the real estate industry on other industry that is dead, in particular, community banks are very worried about what the impact would be if their borrowers on SME type activities are not able to, or not able to deduct interest. And what that means both for SMEs, as well as for the small community banks that provide that kind of debt. There’s a lot of different angles coming out as this is being discussed more thoroughly and we’re watching very carefully what all the different arguments are. I don’t want to predict where it will end up, but I do know that there’s going to be a lot of arguments are going to be surfacing on this.
Douglas Peterson: No, we never give any kind of specific pricing guideline, and it’s especially for future pricing. We’re – it’s something that we would – we wouldn’t be able to give you at this point in time.
Douglas Peterson: As everybody closes and we hang up on the call, I do want to thank everyone for your questions, and very importantly, I want to thank the team at S&P Global for excellent performance in the first quarter. We do know that we’ve had a great momentum from how we started the year, and there are some potential upsides, as well as some potential clouds out there. But we’re very, very pleased with how we’ve begun the year across the Board. Thank you very much everybody for joining the call this morning.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thank you for that question, James, I think overall if you look at the expense development in the Indices business relative to the revenue growth, what you see is a couple of step up expenses that we are incurring compared to a year ago that should stay more or less flat going forward again. So to give you a little bit more details on that, we had the inclusion of Trucost. Doug, already just gave you some further explanation of the importance strategically of Trucost and how it is benefiting the whole company from an ESG capability perspective. So that is a step up cost that we didn’t incur a year ago and that you see in the expense base of the Indices business. We had also the launch of a third datacenter during 2016, so that is another step up cost that we are incurring now in the first quarter of 2017 that you don’t see in a comparable period of last year. And then we had some people on capability investments, which we think is important because we further want to expand this business, it’s a business as you are very much aware of that has really a great perspective given the changes in the asset management world and the very large shift from active to passive management. So we look at this expense as more a step up expenses and the margin increase and expense increase from here should not be too much affected by those expenses going forward again.
Ewout Steenbergen: What I would like to say is that, as a company, we are disciplined in every way how we utilize our capital. If it’s organic, inorganic, as well as other ways we can use capital, for example, the most optimal way to return capital to shareholders. With respect to using capital for M&A, we are looking at a couple of key metrics, accretion of EPS is an important element; discount of cash flow methodology is a second important element; and the third important metric we are looking at and actually I’m a very big believer of the importance of this is return invested capital. So we are very much measuring if M&A is ultimately hitting our hurdle rates and cost of capital over a couple of years in the future. Of course, you have to also take into consideration the strategic importance of acquisitions over time. But those are in terms of framework to ways how we measure and assess M&A opportunities in the market.
Ewout Steenbergen: And the other thing I – we can add is that, as we think about the inning of where we’re at with this contract work, we probably got about half in 2016. We’ll probably get about the other half in 2017, maybe it’ll trickle forward after that, but really largely in 2016 and 2017.
Ewout Steenbergen: And I guess, it had just couple of things. We will be providing them with some data and they in turn will be providing us with some of their capabilities and will be offered our Market Intelligence platforms.
Ewout Steenbergen: We don’t target a – the right kind of a mix. But if I went back a few years, what I would tell you is that, we needed to look at a program, where we were ensuring that we’re getting the right kind of contract realization from our frequent issuer program. If there has been any major change over the last few years, it’s that we started looking at ways to ensure that we are having the right approach toward discounting policies on the frequent issuer programs. But we don’t have a target mix. We obviously want to grow the non-transactional revenue, it’s a valuable to have a more stable subscription like approach to our business. And in addition to surveillance fees, entity fees the royalties we get and then the basic frequent issuer program. The non-transaction revenue having that in our overall program is, it’s a good base to have, but we don’t have a specific target overall for that. Just to remind everybody on Slide 25, for this quarter, we did have a 65% increase in transaction revenue. It was and it was principally driven by the high-yield bond and bank loan ratings, as well as some of the improved contract terms, and we had a 4% increase in non-transaction revenue.
Ewout Steenbergen: Well, first of all, thank you for the question. We don’t comment about the market and market price and valuation. But we do obviously look at it. It’s something that we pay attention to and look at. And what we can control is the quality of our businesses, the quality of our execution, the top line growth, the improvement in margins over time, and that’s how we value our performance and that’s also how we get paid. It’s important that people like you are helping understand the business and communicating to the market the quality of the businesses and how we’re performing. But as to the actual stock price itself and the valuation in multiples, it’s not something that I can comment on. That’s something the street actually has to comment on.
Ewout Steenbergen: Alex, this is Ewout. First of all, I think, if you look at that line that will fluctuate a bit quarter-to-quarter. There’s some custom kind of products that you see there that are fluctuating over periods, as well as we had a $2 million correction during the quarter in that line a one-time item of $2 million that should not recur during the next quarters again. So I think those are the main drivers why you saw a slight weakness in the line of the data subscriptions in the indices for this quarter.
Ewout Steenbergen: If you look over a long period like, let’s say, 15 years, and we have a chart, which we typically have in our investor materials, not necessarily in quarter material. You can see over the last 15 years, there has been a very steady year-by-year increase in total issuance with the exception of 2008 when there was a significant drop in particular in structured finance issuance. And that structured finance issuance has never actually recovered from the bubble that it reached in 2006 and 2007. If you look at corporate issuance and sovereign issuance, financial institutions issuance, it’s been also very steady underlying growth with the only year that it dropped us 2008, which was the global recession. So we look at it overall. It’s a steady growth, that’s where we plan around it. That doesn’t mean that quarter-by-quarter, month by-month that mix and issuance is going to be the same, but we need to look at overall GDP growth. As I mentioned in my remarks, just some of the factors with U.S. economy growing at higher levels than we thought with the EU starting to recover with emerging markets like Brazil that’s coming off of a very deep recession into mild growth in other countries in Latin American improving. China’s growth is a little bit more robust than we expected. Those are all very good factors for us to look at shorter-term issuance. But longer-term issuance, we look at kind of on a steady path tied to overall GDP growth, as well as capital markets development around the globe.
Ewout Steenbergen: I would say, this is Ewout talking. Good morning, Tim. I would say that, if you look at the margin in market intelligence, there were no particular items this quarter that jump out, as well as get margin higher or lower than what you should expect directionally in the future, you have seen a significant step up of 270 basis points compared to the previous period of last year. We are seeing the benefit of some of the divestitures and those were businesses with lower margin. We see the benefit of the organic revenue improvements and we’re very pleased to see that this business is doing very well. Just want to point out one data point, again, 9% increase in desktop users compared to a year ago, 9%, which is, of course, a very good result to see that the top line is growing so fast. And then we see the benefit of the SNL synergies coming in. We gave you guidance on that and insight on that last quarter. We will give you an update later this year, but the SNL synergies, of course, helping the margin improvement as well. So ending up at 37.6% margin for the first quarter, that’s indeed in line with our longer-term guidance relates to higher 30% range for this business.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, that was an increase from our previous guidance. Let me explain that to you a bit. The previous guidance was 100 basis points improvement of the margin during 2017, and that was measured from the base margin during 2016. That margin was 42.9%, so at 100 basis points, or at 43.9%. The new guidance is 44.5% to 45.5% to 60 to 160 basis points higher than the prior guidance we have given to you in terms of margin. So what you should read out of that is clearly a high-level of comfort that we’re on the right path with respect to the performance of the business. We are having a – of course, a great start of 2017, and therefore, we have raised our margin guidance for this year compared to the prior guidance.
