Doug Peterson: Hi, George, this is Doug. Thanks for the question. Well, first of all, as you know from our last call and what you’ve seen that we’ve released, we have approval from all of the regulators that we require approval from to close the merger. And – but those are conditioned on certain divestitures. So with the UK CMA, we are – have already presented them with approved buyers for the Base Chemicals business, which is News Corp. We’re waiting for their approval of that potential buyer. And then the second would be from the EC. We have – they have looked at all of the divestitures and the additional one from them is CUSIP, which we’ve announced that we signed a contract with FactSet. And we’re waiting for them to approve them as an acceptable divestiture partner. Other than that, we’re ready to go.
Doug Peterson: Yes, Toni, thank you for that. First of all, let me just share a little bit of the color of the market. As you know, last year was – had a lot of mixed movement in the Ratings. As an example, the corporates in the U.S. were down 30%. Financial institutions were up 17%, and then as an example, globally structured credit, which is CLOs, was up 265%. So we saw a lot of mix in the movements. And our analysts and the team at the S&P Global Ratings research team have been looking across all of those types of factors, what was the part issuance. One thing that they have looked at is what was the growth in issuance over the last couple of years in all the different sectors? What’s the M&A landscape? What are we seeing for the pipeline of LBOs, private sector transactions, private credit transactions? And what they see right now is in the – what we call the corporates or the industrials that they are expecting they’ll be down by about 7% next year with the range of negative 15% to negative 5%. Financial services relatively flat, up about 1% with a range from down 5% to up 5%. Structured finance at about 3% growth for the year with could go down as much as 5%, could go as much up as 8%. And then public finance at about 2%, either flat to up 5%. So that gives you a total of down about 2% with a range that could go down 8%, and it could go up to 3%. As I said, this is based on the factors of looking at the pipeline, looking at outstanding issuance, maturities that are coming up, M&A pipeline, what we’ve learned from the banking sector on what they see with the private transactions, etcetera.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thank you. Well, when it comes to the loan market, we still see conditions which are quite attractive for loan issuers. First of all, even though there is discussions about rates going up, we’ve seen estimates from 3, 4, 5, 6, even 7 hikes recently as the last couple of days, our own economists have increased their expectation for rate hikes in the U.S. up to a range of more like 5 or 6 now. But even if you look at rates, rates are still quite low. And there is a lot of demand for floating rate instruments given the rate cycle, and there could be increases there. We also see a very strong M&A pipeline. As you know, M&A is one of the biggest drivers of loan issuance as people complete M&A, they many times are financing it with a bridge loan or potentially going into the loan market. So when we look at the entire market, we think that even though rates are going to be going up, they are still low on historical levels. Spreads are very tight. There is a lot of demand for floating rate paper. There is a large pipeline of transactions coming through, both from a combination of M&A as well as private equity transactions. So we’re seeing right now still a very strong market for loans into the near future.
Doug Peterson: Thanks, Alex. I’m going to start, and then I’m going to hand it over to Ewout. Well, first of all, when we look at inflation, we see that last year, as an example, in the U.S., it was a 7% annualized rate in December. That annualized rate of 7% has, obviously, led to a very animated discussion about interest rates in the U.S. So as we built our plan and we’re looking forward, we’ve been looking at this in the U.S. and the UK, around the world. So first impact is we believe that interest rates will be going up. You’ve seen them go up in the UK. They are talking about it in the EC. The ECB has now been rumored to be looking at interest rate increases. And then in the U.S., there is expectations this year. So we’ve built those factors in. When it comes to labor markets, that’s one of the areas I am watching myself quitter closely both from a systemic point of view and then for our company itself. We’ve seen some wage pressure in areas like technology roles. There are some ESG roles that we’ve seen some pressure, wage pressure because those – we’re obviously going to be paying market rates. But let me hand it over to Ewout to give you some more thoughts about how we’re applying it for our budget for this year.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thanks, Manav. Well, we’re so excited about China. We have a fantastic team there with really good leadership. We’ve been out educating the market. As you know, there is been some opportunities for us to provide some seminars on credit. We’ve seen a very large increase in traffic coming to us, especially given the current credit environment in China. As you mentioned, we got up to 57 ratings in 2021. One of the things that’s important to us is that they span the different levels of investment-grade ratings. They are broad from AAA to BBB. We rated financial institutions, corporate structured. And the regulatory environment is also one where there are some very good initiatives going on to look at changing the floor of ratings that are going to be available for financial institutions and insurance companies. But our revenue is still light. It’s not material to the company. It’s something that we’re putting a major focus on in 2022, so we can drive our commercial organization faster and harder to take advantage of the really strong start that we’re off to.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Just to give you some thoughts about the markets. Well, first of all, the numbers we gave you were a global issuance forecast, so it’s taken into account all the different markets we are in. But Europe was very similar to the United States last year in full year and also in the final numbers in the quarter. Europe was down in corporates, but it was up in financial institutions as well as very strong in CLOs and structured credit. In addition, the CMBS market in Europe was strong. We saw – it’s not a big market, but there was a lot of interest in CMBS in the European market. We see the continued conditions in Europe that are strong for capital markets. There is an interest. I have mentioned this before in other calls, in the European policy sector to stop having all of the dependence for corporate financing coming from banks and moving more to capital markets. As that continues, we see that as a long-term valuable trend for us. That trend in Asia is also something that we are seeing more of as well. Just a little bit about 2020 – 2021. In Asia, across all of Asia, both the corporates and financial institutions were up. Corporates were up about 10%, and financial institutions were up about 14% through the year, whereas the overall structure in Asia was only up about 30%, most of that being in traditional ABS and RMBS where the major volume is. But we do see, again, in Asia that move towards capital markets away from banking markets as a trend. There is also a lot more M&A activity taking place and part of Asia, obviously, is China where we are on the ground floor there as that becomes a much more sophisticated market.
Doug Peterson: Thanks, Craig. Yes. Right now, I can talk to you a little bit about the conditions, but we are not giving any guidance right now for 2022. But as I mentioned, the conditions for the market as of the current market are still quite favorable for bank loans. In particular, the M&A market, we see is strong. There is a large backlog of transactions which have already been announced that haven’t been closed yet. You have a large private equity pipeline of transactions, which are going on. Even though interest rates are starting to go up, and we have seen the 10-year treasury hasn’t hit 2%, but it’s getting closer. But spreads are tight, and interest rates are still very low on a historical basis. There is a lot of demand as well from insurance companies, from banks and other institutional investors for floating rate paper. So, we do think that the conditions are still very strong for the loan market. But as of now, we are not giving any specific guidance for 2022.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thank you for that. The Climate Service is a really interesting business, and it’s an excellent fit for us with the suite of climate products, in particular, that we have been putting together, both homegrown as well as the Trucost acquisition we made 4.5 years ago. It brings a platform called Climanomics, which is you are able to build across different data sets. It allows companies to look at their physical risk in many different categories, cyclones, hurricanes, fire, floods, etcetera. And it can be modeled to different approaches. As an example, the task force for climate-related financial disclosure modeling. So, this is something that we find that it’s a great fit for our organization. But more importantly, it also brings a really talented group of people, people who are entrepreneurial. They have got passion. They have got energy. And they are going to be a great addition to S&P Global as well because they are going to bring all of that energy as we build out even further our Sustainable1 business platform.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thanks, Owen. This is really an important area for us, both as S&P Global as well as an industry. And by that, I mean, the entire financial industry as we look to this important factor that starts to get included in people’s decision-making. What we see is that the ESG market itself for data and analytics as scores, it started to evolve as more and more insurance companies, institutional investors, asset managers take those factors into account as they make decisions. And as of now, as you know, the factors which are being used by different organizations are not the same. You have organizations that care more about climate. You have some that care more about diversity inclusion or supply chain. And so there is different language out there, whether it’s an impact fund, it’s an ESG fund, it’s an ESG approach. And we are working very closely with different organizations such as the IFRS and the ISSP. They are setting up the international sustainability standards for disclosure. The IOSCO, which is the International Organization of Securities, Commissioners, is looking at new rules around the globe for disclosure as well, both disclosure from the point of view of issuers, but also disclosure that could be asked for by different types of investors as they sell their funds or sell their investments. We do think that there is a really good effort going on across the private sector as well as NGOs along with these regulatory agencies to start addressing what would be the potential regulatory requests as well as the market themselves coming to standards of how we are going to be disclosing this. S&P Global for our products, all of our products, we provide very simple, clear, consistent disclosure on everything that we are providing in the ESG products. Our disclosure is built in a way that it’s consistent, it’s transparent, it’s comparable. You can see what the actual criteria is that’s used to determine an index or a score or the weighting of the score. And we think that, that’s going to be a key differentiating factor for us as we build out our ESG business.
Doug Peterson: Thanks, Jeff. I am going to start and then hand it over to Ewout. As I mentioned earlier, it’s critical for us that we are competitive, and we are paying market rates in all of the different markets we are in. We are seeing a little bit of inflation or increase in job expenses, wage expenses, as I mentioned, in some specific areas like high-demand technology areas, data scientists. One market, in particular, we are seeing increase in some pressures in India. And I will give you an example of something you might not have thought of, but we are actually seeing a lot of our recruiters getting recruited away. People are trying to hire people who can hire people. So, we are seeing certain areas where we do see some increase in turnover, and we are seeing clearly the areas that we are watching quite carefully. But our philosophy is to pay market rates to ensure that this is a great place to work, and Ewout can talk a little bit more of how that translates.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. And let me just reinforce what Ewout said about the businesses and just clarify that this is S&P Global businesses that we are talking about. We have no discussion whatsoever about the IHS Markit businesses. But let me wrap up the call. And I want to thank everyone again for joining the call for your questions, for your support. I want to thank, again, as I always do, our very dedicated people. This has now been 2 years for the pandemic. We are going into our third year. We have asked our people to do a lot last year in the last 2 years. And we want to ensure that they are fully prepared for the expected merger with IHS Markit because we are going to be working really hard and running fast as soon as that closes. And throughout 2021, we continued to perform, as you saw today, with the strong financial results and the progress on our strategic initiatives, especially those that are going to be driving growth in the future and Kensho, data sciences, data analytics, ESG, what we have talked about with investment in our global businesses. Going back to one of the first questions we received about the merger. We are very excited about the merger and the progress that we have been making, planning for the merger. We are going to host the call as soon as it’s completed. We will do a post-merger investor call. We can provide an update on the company’s strategy, the business segments, the synergies, the investment program, share repurchases, things that you asked about today or wanted to ask about today, and that would include guidance. One last point I would like to make on the call is I want to thank Chip Merritt. He has been an incredible partner as our Head of IR. He is going to still be with us for a few more months until May. But for the past 9 years, he has been a great partner. He has helped position S&P Global as the leading financial data and analytics and benchmark company and always with a great sense of humor. So Chip, thank you so much for your partnership throughout. We couldn’t have never done as well as we had without you. So again, I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. We are very proud of all that we have been able to achieve, but we also have a lot to look forward to. So, thank you, again, everyone.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, George, this is Ewout. Obviously, we have continued to work on further validating our synergies, both on the cost side and on the revenue side. We have, in the meantime, had five rounds of synergy submissions by our work streams. So they do a lot of work on substantiating synergies, building bottom-up plans and further really developing concrete initiatives around these synergies. So the confidence level is going up for each of those submission rounds. I cannot give you specific numbers today. We will get back to you during the merger call. But a lot of work is continuing, so we’re ready to realize the synergies immediately after completing the transaction.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Toni, if you look at the revenues for ESG, we’re very pleased with the growth during 2021. We realized 51% growth in revenues across the company. And so overall, we continue to be committed to that 40% CAGR that we have laid out before. Your question with respect to each of the segments, you’re right that Platts is still the highest, the largest in terms of ESG revenue contribution. Market Intelligence is very closely following now the Platts business. And what we are seeing that besides Platts, particularly Ratings, Market Intelligence and the Index business are having the highest growth of each ESG revenues at this point in time. So this is clearly an enterprise-wide initiative. That’s why we have created the Sustainable1 group that is looking across the company and driving commercial initiatives for the company as a whole. And we continue to be very excited about the outlook for the ESG revenues and particularly also seeing that growth in the other segments outside of Platts.
Ewout Steenbergen: Absolutely, Kevin, and good morning. Actually, the way how we look at volatility, that is, in many cases, also a positive for our businesses because if there is more volatility going on in the markets, more activity happening. There is more demand for our products, for our research, for our insight and for our analytics. So actually, volatility in markets usually shows more the higher value add of our products. And then on top of that, we see two of our businesses that are directly benefiting from more volatility from a trading perspective. We have Global Trading Services revenue in Platts that is going up when there is more market volatility in the commodities markets. And then we have the exchange-traded derivative activity in the Index business, which is the case that there is more hedging going on been in more volatile equity markets. And that is one of the revenue drivers of our Index business. So clearly, volatility is helping the company both from a value add, but then also about directly two revenue streams in both the Index and the Platts business.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Alex, if we think about the impact of inflation on the company, we think, overall, this is going to be manageable for us because of a couple of reasons. Obviously, there will be expense increases with respect to people costs and procurement. And as Doug said, we are making some targeted adjustments for certain job groups within the company. But then the offsets are the following. We are continuing to run productivity programs, and you have seen that we have made quite good progress with the program we announced in 2020. Of course, we’re getting the significant synergy programs. And then we have an opportunity based on the high value-add of our products and services to achieve more favorable contract terms and fees over time when we are at that point of renewal. Obviously, that depends on facts and circumstances for each of our businesses. But clearly, we will be looking at balancing growth, at margins, at customer relations and then ultimately, shareholder value by managing the impact of inflation. But as I said at the beginning, we think that is overall manageable from a financial results perspective.
Ewout Steenbergen: Ashish, fully understand this is a very unusual situation that we cannot provide you guidance at this point in time. Having said that, you should expect us from a philosophical perspective, how we manage the company to continue exactly for what you have seen us doing in the past and what we have thought you before. So expect to grow revenues in all of our businesses in 2022 and also to continue to expand our margins. And we will be more specific during the merger call and give you more quantification around that.
Ewout Steenbergen: We will continue to look at all the opportunities. You may expect us to see us continue to be very disciplined from a cost management perspective. There are areas where we are further looking at across the whole company from productivity to real estate to automation, many, many different areas. Again, we will give you a full update on what that means for the combined company from a synergy perspective. But overall, I’m very pleased with the progress we are making to get ready to start to realize those synergies and the concrete plans that we have put behind that. And as I said before, five rounds we now had in terms of synergies, submissions by the work streams. So an incredible amount of work has gone into this to further validate and to bring up the confidence level in terms of what we will be able to accomplish.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thanks, Manav. And you know this is always one of my favorite topics to talk about. So we continue to be so excited about the initiatives of Kensho and how Kensho is helping to transform S&P Global and what it can do also for the combined company after we complete the transaction. You’ve seen some of the highlights of the accomplishment of Kensho during 2021, and we are expecting to see that continuing in 2022. We have such a complete toolkit of AI for unstructured data, which is about linking data, extraction, speech to text, the Codex platform that is now on Cap IQ Pro and has already 300,000 users to date. And you cannot imagine the amount of demand that Kensho have going forward. We will have some prioritization decisions to make where we think we can create the highest value and where to use those resources. Also, by the way, the attention for Kensho from external customers is going up at this point in time. There is more and more external activity happening and also the relations with Kensho with some of the large technology firms is further expanding. So we’re actually really excited that the external recognition of Kensho remains very high. So high value creation for Kensho, and it’s going to be really positive to see what is going to be next for Kensho in a way to help to catalyze innovation for the company.
Ewout Steenbergen: Hamzah, good morning. Definitely what we expect to see is that the data management solutions is going to grow faster and becoming a more and more prominent part of the market intelligence business over time. So, maybe going back to a couple of the comments you made. With respect to enterprise-wide contracts, that process is done. So, we have now all our contracts on that basis. What you are seeing is very steady and healthy growth in desktop. We really like the commercial activity in 2021. We have seen some very healthy sales levels, and that sets us up well for 2022 from a desktop growth perspective, 6% reported growth. And that is more or less that mid-single digit steady growth is to be expected going forward. Then data management solutions in a normal quarter, you should see that grow at high-single digits to low-teens. We are a bit higher this quarter, about 11% and particularly nice growth in marketplace and in the Trucost area as well. So, those are doing particularly very well. And then lastly, you were referring to margins. We have been investing, as you know, the last year a lot in new growth initiatives in market intelligence. And we are very happy to see that paying off from an overall revenue growth perspective. And we said that you should see margins coming back in 2021 to that mid-30 levels. And we are very happy to see that, that actually also has taken place. So, market intelligence is very well positioned, I think for the next few years.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Good morning Craig, and thanks for asking that question. So I would first would like to point out that the expenses are unusually high during this quarter. The vast majority is not recurring, and you should see continued expense discipline from us going forward. So, having said that, you were specifically asking about certain categories, so, what you are seeing were from an expense growth perspective that the majority of the growth was coming from variable expenses, performance-related expenses, which I consider good expenses because they are directly correlated with healthy sales and revenue activity. So, these are commissions, royalties and incentive compensation. Incentive compensation, you asked a specific question around that. We are accruing at this moment significantly above 100% for our short-term incentive compensation, and that’s a bit higher compared to 2020. And also the performance factors of our long-term incentive compensation are running a bit higher than in 2020. So, that drove some of the additional expenses. With respect to growth investments, although you saw that they were overall a bit lower compared to the year before, that doesn’t mean that it doesn’t have an impact on the overall expense levels, because some of those growth initiatives go to a baseline. And it means that some of the new growth initiatives are still incremental to what we already have in place. So overall, growth in net investments drove approximately $15 million of the expense growth during the fourth quarter. So, we think these are clear reasons why the expense growth is happening. The underlying recurring expense growth is actually very limited and very minimal.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning Trevor, definitely very pleased to see such a high revenue growth in Platts. I think it has been a long time ago, we see Platts growing in the double-digit space. So, this is really excellent results. You are right, there was that $4 million commercial settlement in those numbers. If you would take that out, you are at approximately 10% growth for revenues for Platts in the fourth quarter, so still quite strong. So, what is happening behind there in terms of revenue growth, we see strong commercial momentum in both the core business, which is the price reporting business and the insights business. And that is mostly because we see customers being healthy with the current commodity prices. The current commodity market environment is actually very good for our customers and then also global trading services is doing well. We are growing clearly here based on the overall price volatility in the markets. And then the third reason behind this strong revenue growth of Platts is the new initiatives. We have invested in new initiatives like LNG, energy transition and agriculture, and they also start to pay off at this moment, so very pleased with the results of Platts overall.
Ewout Steenbergen: Owen, let me explain to you philosophically what we are having in mind. Obviously, we need to do a catch-up because we have not been able to do buybacks over the last 2 years. The same applies for IHS Markit. We have the opportunity to do buybacks based on the proceeds of some of those divestitures. We are also, of course, looking at the overall refinancing that we can do of the IHS Markit debt and potentially some opportunity for upsizing. And then very quickly, we would like to go in a normal course return of capital. We still are committed to the capital targets that were provided the call when we announced the merger, so at least 85% of return of free cash flow. So, we definitely are ready to resume buybacks after the transaction is completed and we would like to do that as quickly as possible in order to get normal rating again for the combined company.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. In addition to what Doug said, I think we are not having any problem with hiring. We are still a very attractive company, people like to work for us. And to stay competitively from a pay perspective, we have made adjustments for certain job groups. Think about the ratings analysts, technology and ESG. And we are also increasing the merit levels in certain jurisdictions. So, that is just to make sure we stay competitive. But overall, as I said to an earlier question, we believe that the impact is manageable because we have opportunities also to look at productivity, synergy, efficiencies, automation as well as the opportunity to look at some contractual terms and fees over time.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning Jeff. First, to your question about revenue growth, indeed, I said before that we expect to grow revenues in all of our businesses in 2022 and that we will get back to you with more specifics during the merger call. With respect to your question about some of the ranges with respect to the issuance forecast by our research group, I think you are right that compared to a quarter ago, some of the ranges have widened. But overall, the issuance forecast is still at a minus 2% level. And ranges have become wider because as we showed you in one of those slides in the prepared remarks, clearly, there is more uncertainty in the macro environment. So, the level of headwinds and potential tailwinds that we are seeing is a bit larger. So, ranges are wider, but overall, the midpoint is still the same.
