Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Toni. This is Ewout. If you look at the margin development in the first quarter of Ratings, we are overall satisfied with the results we are seeing. And the reason is that, we are also seeing at the same time the benefits of our productivity plans. We see expenses coming down by 2% or in dollar terms $7 million. And we think that is overall showing good expense discipline within the Ratings business. But in general terms, we see that expense discipline across the enterprise in totality. Clearly, if you look more to the outlook of Ratings in margins, although we don't really guide and provide specifics with respect to margin outlooks by segment, I do want to say that if we look at the remainder of the year, our expectation is that margins should look better compared to the respective quarters a year ago. So, overall, we still expect Ratings margins to expand year-over-year 2019 compared to 2018.
Ewout Steenbergen: Toni if you look at the inorganic revenue in the Market Intelligence segment during this quarter, it was in total $8 million. That was driven by a couple of acquisitions by Market Intelligence. Think about Panjiva, think about RateWatch as well as some contribution of revenues from Kensho but that was only a part of that $8 million improvement in revenues on the acquisition line. So overall it's not a large change. As you will recall, we acquired Kensho in the second quarter of 2018. So next quarter basically this is not going to show up in the inorganic category anymore. It's becoming part of normal business as usual.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Alex. This is Ewout. If you look at the improved impact that we are now expecting from stock-based compensation, if you are looking at the guidance we have provided with respect to the effective tax rate for the full year, which is 22.5% to 23.5% we're still within that range now more at the lower end of the range. So, therefore, overall we have not adjusted the tax rate range in our guidance. But what I do want to say is compared to three months ago we have become incrementally more confident around our guidance in general. Because you will recall three months ago we came out of a very volatile quarter and it was very uncertain where the markets would go. If you now look where the markets are at this point in time, the outlook for the next few quarters in the year, the starting point for our subscription businesses with respect to annualized contract value, which is a leading indicator for future revenue for our subscription businesses ,if you look at the starting point of ETF AUM in the second quarter of this year compared to a year ago, overall the health of the debt markets at this point in time, we are incrementally more confident around the outlook and the guidance we have provided compared to three months ago.
Ewout Steenbergen: Alex, if you look at -- first at the exchange-traded derivative volume, you might recall due to market volatility, there was a very large spike in February 2018. So that's not recurring. markets have more stabilized. And then you also see the volumes on the derivatives trading coming down. So we are looking more at the first quarter 2018 as an exception and this is more a normal level quarter, the first quarter of 2019. But we have always said that this business has a natural hedge. So if exchange traded derivative volume is going down that's usually because markets are more positive. And then we see the flip side with respect to the asset-based fee levels. There is indeed a couple of elements that are going into the asset based fee level category. Overall, average AUM for ETFs was up 2%, so that helps in a modest way. Then there is also the mutual funds assets under management where we saw a positive increase. There was not so much change with respect to the OTC levels. And there was one particular administrative matter. We have accelerated and implemented improvement in our processes where we have faster reporting of asset levels by certain managers. That is a one-time step-up in revenues and that will from now on basically be the new normal level going forward. So that is I think the other element that goes in the mix here with respect to assets under management fees. But overall like I said, we are optimistic about the second quarter outlook because the starting point in assets is so much better than we have seen at the beginning of the second quarter of 2018.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning Manav. Non-transaction revenue was down $15 million year-over-year of which $9 million was FX-related. So, that's clearly the largest driver of non-transaction revenue. Then the second driver here was Rating Evaluation Services. That is very much linked to M&A activity in the market. That was relatively modest and therefore also the rest fees and revenues were a bit lower this quarter compared to a year ago. And then what we see with CRISIL is a couple of impacts. First impact of foreign exchange based on the difference in foreign exchange rates from a year ago between the Indian rupee and the U.S. dollar. With respect to the research and analytics business, we see revenue coming down due to some market headwinds, but that is then offset by the Indian ratings revenue which is actually up in a healthy way. But those are some of the elements that are happening within CRISIL. Overall, we will expect to see maybe quarter-over-quarter slow and modest fluctuations for non-transaction revenue. But we still expect over a longer period of time a normal trend of growth of non-transaction somewhere low to mid-single-digits.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. We have -- of course have a very clear statement with respect to our capital philosophy and our capital targets. And we are disciplined around that and we are committed to stay within the targets that we have set. So, at a point, we will fall below the floor of our leverage range. We will certainly at that point start to consider adding new leverage to our balance sheet. What we'll do with the proceeds I think is still to be determined. I think you know our first priority is to reinvest in the business. We are investing already this year in a stepped-up way in organic initiatives. You know all of those about ESG and China and technology and Kensho and other areas. We could also use the proceeds for inorganic investments. We will continue to remain very disciplined from a valuation perspective. And then, of course, the third option we have is return of capital to shareholders. So, still to be determined, but we have clear targets with respect to our capital philosophy and you may expect us to continue to be committed to those targets.
Ewout Steenbergen: Tim, if you look at the next few years for those business cases where we're investing in Market Intelligence, a part of the current expense for this year is really for the build-up phase and we don't expect those to recur. A part is really for operations and a setup of new organizations and new products we will provide to the market. So those expenses will remain going forward. I think the biggest difference that you should expect to see is that those initiatives will start to drop off revenues over the next few years; some a little faster some a little bit further out in time. For example, we have always said that the Chinese investments are more in the horizon of three to five years. But some others in Market Intelligence, the payoff in terms of revenue could be a bit faster. So there you should expect the biggest change that these investments we are doing this year will ultimately lead to an improvement of the organic growth in Market Intelligence going forward.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. We have not disclosed those details. But overall, you should see that that is a relatively small business for us. So not a material or large impact on the results and the difference in your models. I would say relatively small.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. We expect closing somewhere mid of this year. So if you model this, you should probably take it out for the second half of this year.
Ewout Steenbergen: George that was mostly driven by timing of certain expenses. So we have particularly some expenses related to initiatives and events that were a bit higher this quarter. We don't expect that to continue for the remainder of the year. So, therefore, from a margins perspective, we are very comfortable with respect to the outlook of the margins for Platts and we still expect that the margins will develop in a favorable way for the next three quarters compared to a year ago.
Ewout Steenbergen: We're still very excited about Kensho and what Kensho is doing for S&P Global, as a catalyst for innovation and change in our thinking, with respect to our business models, our proposition to the markets. There's new initiatives going on. We have actually a very interesting initiative going on in Platts at this moment and there's a lot of enthusiasm from the Platts leadership team around the implementation of that initiative as well. And we are continuing on some of the implementation of the other initiatives that we told you before. Think about some of the new initiatives around search, the Omnisearch on the platform that we expect to introduce in a beta form later this year. With respect to the financials update and particularly with respect to value-creation update, we're planning to give you more details once a year. We did that at the end of the fourth quarter of 2018, so we will provide you more details on that by the end of this year again.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Bill. This is clearly short-term. We see always some fluctuations in flows going in different asset categories either from a geographical perspective or from an asset class perspective. Overall, these movements can differ quarter-by-quarter. But we are looking at the overall ETF market share that we are having of the overall assets under management that are using our indices. That's close to 30% and that number is basically stable already for a longer period of time. So our market share is continue to be good. We're leading with that market share and this is really a fluctuation period-over-period. If we look at flows for example to U.S. equities in the month of April, we have seen that those are actually pretty robust. So again this can really move around a bit.
Doug Peterson: Hi Tim this is Doug. Let me take that one. Well, first of all, as in the past, people have always looked to see if there was any kind of major correlation of Platts with commodity prices. And as we've always said there's some kind of a range I'm not giving what exactly it is. But if prices get too high, sometimes it squeezes some of the buyers; if they get too low; it squeezes some of the sellers we sometimes see. But we've been in a very comfortable range in the price of oil the price of natural gas. We've also been developing the new products which we've been highlighting like the JKM marker rebalancing the Brent components, et cetera. So, we see that we're selling into a pretty benign -- actually maybe neutral to positive environment for Platts. And as we've mentioned in the past, this is very much about relationships and getting out to have a commercial approach to how we're dealing with the markets. So, we're seeing what we would call a neutral to positive environment. On the analytical solutions, this continues to be part of our growth plans and investment plans. We had made as you know acquisitions in the last two years to build out a data set. Those data sets are included in products that we actually have as well as on their own basis. One of the early wins I'd like to mention is that as you've heard us talk about the S&P Global platform, which is an initiative we have to have a single technology base to be able to provide our information in the market. Platts is piloting a new set of materials that they're delivering to the market which used to be via PDF. And now through our subscription services, they're able to deliver all that information online where instead of seeing a PDF, a customer is able now to download the information, building their spreadsheets using their analysis, et cetera. So, we're laying a very strong foundation for the vision of Platts analytically. And one of the key elements in that was building out this S&P Global platform, so we can deliver those kinds of solutions.
Doug Peterson: Yes. There definitely is a lot of uncertainty out there. I'd basically divide this into two the positive as well as then some of the uncertainties. On the positive side, business sentiment is still strong, consumer sentiment is strong, banking balance sheets are very strong. There's abundant capital. The accommodated policies of the central banks around the world have continued in place with very cheap capital and in Europe in particular flooded liquidity into the markets. So there's very, very strong conditions. And then we've also seen economic growth. Even though it slowed down a little bit in China and Europe, the U.S. just had a very strong quarter. And our own estimations are for a slight slowdown in global growth from last year, but still a global growth. And we also see a low probability about 20% or so probability of a recession in the U.S. in the next 12 months, which is actually a very low level. Now what are some of the challenges or uncertainties? Clearly, there's uncertainties around trade. There are still -- the markets are still waiting to see what's going to happen with the U.S.-China trade negotiations. European markets are still quite weak Southern Europe in particular. And even though Brexit is something that we were panicking about a few weeks ago, it went away for six months, Brexit still needs to be resolved. So you still have some political issues and trade issues that create some of the uncertainty. And then as I said, Europe is also -- continues to be a pretty weak area.
Doug Peterson: Hi, George, this is Doug. As we've looked at this and we've made a couple of quick adjustments to it looking at what we see from the pipelines, from speaking with debt underwriters and investment banks, by looking at what we see from issuers as well as taking a look at what we see in terms of credit conditions and global markets, as you see it's relatively unchanged. There is a slight, slight change in what we expect for corporates to be up a little bit, for financial institutions to be down a little bit, for public finance to be down a little bit. But net-net, the overall change is very similar to what we had before. And the differences across those different asset classes and different types of industries are so minor, it doesn't really have much of a change in what we look forward to in terms of revenues and our revenue mix.
Doug Peterson: Well, first of all, thanks for the question, Drew. Nice to hear you today. We opened up our credit rating agency in China officially, on March 26 with a seminar. We felt it was valuable to launch this with an approach to having relationships with issuers, with investors, with market players, with debt underwriters, the financial institutions, et cetera, by introducing them to our employees, by talking about our methodology and talking about how we're heading into the market with this very transparent approach to credit ratings. Since then, we continue to see customers. We're now up to having had over 250 calls with relationships that we're starting to build, to open up the rating agency and to be able to do more and more issuance there. We have not done an issuance so far. When it comes to some of the risks when we look at China, clearly there's the discussion about the level of growth in China and the type of growth that China has been developing. As you know, a few years ago China was very much of an investment-led export-oriented economy. They've shifted more towards a consumer-oriented consumption economy, with a lot more investment in the domestic markets. We think that there are a few sectors which we're watching carefully there, which would be the -- a couple of the property sectors. In addition, there's some municipal debt which has been growing, but we don't see any major credit bubbles right now in China. If we did we would raise those. But we think we're off to a great start and very enthusiastic reception from the market players as well as excellent relationships with the key regulators and official market players that we need to be working with to ensure the success of our ratings business in China.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thanks, Craig. Well, first of all, just a brief comment on how we ramped this up, because I think that's important. As we've been going to this market for the last few years, trying to build up a relationship to understand the dynamics of the domestic market, we wanted to make sure that we built this out with a consolidated approach with a long-term view. What we did is, we originally started with 10 veteran S&P Global analysts who are Mandarin speakers that we brought from offshore. And they spent a month building out criteria, working on how we're going to be able to rate in the market, using domestic criteria, domestic understanding of bankruptcy laws of -- recovery laws, et cetera. And then they back-tested 400 credits to ensure that we had the right kind of criteria in place. As we were doing that we went out to the market and hired 21 more analyst. So right now we have 31 analysts covering the Chinese market. They've covered 40 different sectors and different types of sectors and subsectors and they've done 400-plus initial credit reviews that they've done. And now with that our sales teams are out in the market discussing what that means and building up those relationships. Now just in terms of similar size you've heard this before, it's the second largest bond market in the world after the U.S. It's close to bypassing Japan also on the public side as well. They have -- most of the bonds are held by banks and financial institutions. They're still not necessarily into a pension system and individual holders and only 2% of the bonds are held offshore by foreign investors. So we think that the dynamics of the market is shifting from a short-term bond market. A typical bond is about a 3-year duration more or less as oppose to U.S. which is depending on which market you look at 7 to 11 year duration. It's a very short-term duration. It's still being held by financial institutions with very little international presence. We think that all of that is going to change. And then as that changes this is the opportunity for ratings. We have not built out a very aggressive revenue model for the first year. We think this is an investment year. And we think that over time we're going to build out a revenue model. I'd prefer to come back to you as the year progresses with some more information that could be either financial or directional because we're really right now just at the ground floor of getting this thing off and running.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So what we've seen so far in the second quarter, it's only been a month it's similar to the kind of mix we saw throughout the first part of the year. Europe is still weak. The European markets were very weak in the first quarter. In fact if you look at the total market in Europe financial institutions was down 25% in the first quarter. Total Europe was down 8%. In Europe the investment grade was down 12.5%, high yield was down 25%. And we've seen that continue. So you have very specific conditions in Europe that are a little bit different than the rest of the world, partially because of the economy has slowed down, there's some uncertainty and then also you have a new round of liquidity being pumped into the banks by the ECB. It's an LTRO-like situation in very, very low interest rates. So putting Europe aside and coming to the U.S.. What we saw in the U.S. in the first quarter was as you know there was a very -- the bank loan activity was down over 26% on new bank loan, but high-yield issuance was actually up 6%. It's not quite apples-for-apples, but it is the markets that those types of borrowers will go to. They'll decide if they're going to the fixed income market or the loan market. We have seen in April some refinancing starting to pop in as well as new issuance and we've seen -- April was not a great month either, but overall, though we did see a lot of the activity with people coming back to market for refinancing. One last trend that we mentioned -- Ewout mentioned in his comments that M&A activity was weak during the first quarter -- actually in the fourth quarter and the first quarter this year was -- is the pipeline has actually started looking a lot better when you look at deals announced. So one of the charts that I track which looks at deals announced has actually started popping up which is usually a good indicator for our Ratings Evaluation Services as well as issuance down the road.
Doug Peterson: I don't have a precise answer for you to give you what's from share gains. But what I could tell you is that a lot of our growth and you saw it in the charts today is coming from what I would call the newer or nontraditional products. We had strong growth on the desktop which you saw, but we had even stronger growth from data feeds and from credit services and things that we see are where the demands are growing from our users. The users are looking for more and more granular data and new ways to incorporate data into their own modeling. And so that trend is something that I think we're investing in and we think it's going to continue going forward. But I don't have any specific comments about share gain.
Doug Peterson: As we've looked at what we need to have to enhance and improve and continually update our approach to Ratings as well as all of our analytical products is right now our major emphasis is on ESG. As you can see we believe that there is an exploding demand. We don't know how it's defined yet or what direction its going, but we think it's exploding for ESG data and content. So this is where this quarter you saw that we launched -- or last quarter in the first quarter we launched two significant benchmarks for ESG products which we're out working on and building up. When it comes to specific data whether it would be real estate or if it's information about interest rates or credit recoveries et cetera we believe that we either have or have access to adequate information to fulfill our duty to produce excellent ratings.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So first of all, Shlomo thanks for asking the question. We're really thrilled and very pleased with having made the Kensho acquisition and all of the difference that it's making across the company. We have traditionally had a couple of areas that we've highlighted, which we're data-linking. We talked about enhanced search capabilities and omnisearch capability. Ewout just mentioned something that's going on with Platts where we have now a team embedded in Platts working on the market on close process to find different ways to look at the value of information and to get it in a faster way as well as identify potential opportunities to continue to improve our business model. And if I use those as a few of the examples those are -- there's activities like that now going on in Ratings and Indices. And also even some of our corporate functions they're helping us look at some of the ways we manage the business overall. And as a result of the early wins that we've had we decided that it's valuable to invest in our businesses for growth opportunities and this is where the investments are coming from Kensho. So they're related to investments in growth. They're related to where we're going to be either opening new markets or launching new products where we think that Kensho can help us with that. Some of those expenses are people and some of those expenses are additional computing capacity or capacity for data tools et cetera. But all of them are based off of early results that we're very comfortable with the progress with Kensho. And they're all geared towards growth. Although I would say there is -- some of the data work that's going on will potentially lead to productivity as well. So we're not just putting productivity behind us but a lot of this is being geared towards growth opportunities.
Doug Peterson: Well, let me just wrap this up and first of all thank everyone for joining the call today. As you've heard from us, we continue to be committed to growing our businesses to investing for growth to finding new ways to continue to have productivity. We're using our framework of Powering the Markets of the Future and the six foundational capabilities as a guide frame for us. We'll continue to show that to you as we use that as a consistent approach for speaking with our Board of Directors about our long-term growth with our employees and also with our shareholders. So we look forward to being back in touch with you at the end of the second quarter. And with that thank you again always for your great questions and for your support. Thank you again.
