Doug Peterson: Alex, this is Doug. Well, thank you for the - joining the call, and for your comments. On issuance, we've incorporated various factors into our issuance forecast. As you know, in the slides we gave you before, we showed you the expectations for issuance coming up. We've always talked before about the relationship between GDP growth and issuance being a stronger one than interest rate. As you know January had very strong issuance. The issuance in January was a record, it was a $532 billion. It was up 13.6% from the prior years. A lot of that issuance was in the US. The US was up 93%. We've incorporated that into the year. Our expectation is that the first half of the year should be fairly strong, given the overall investment profile that we expect of the economy and we've looked at more uncertainty in the second and half of the year, as we don't know exactly what the impact is going to be of the new administration aspects that are going to be rolling out, whether it's tax reform, regulatory reform, infrastructure investment, et cetera. In addition, we've incorporated some uncertainty into the second half the year related to Brexit and other geopolitical of aspects. But overall we're - we believe that 3% forecast which was prepared by our fixed income analytics team is the is strong, its based off of the combination of refinancing which we already aware of and we're expecting that most of that will come through. And then what we see in pipelines from meeting with investment banks and rating issuance advisors to build our forecast. But it still off of the base, as you know of those different factors and we're comfortable today that that’s – what we're including in our guidance.
Doug Peterson: We've made great progress on the integration of SNL and Cap IQ to turn it into market intelligence. As you know, we've been reporting on our synergies throughout that time and how we've done with the different expense synergies and revenue synergies. On our expense synergies, as you’ve seen we've made excellent progress. This is allowed us to have an intensive focus on our commercial activities, on our operational activities and be able to address customer needs in a way that's more comprehensive and integrated across the Cap IQ and SNL platforms. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are developing and will be launching later this year, a pilot program market intelligence window which will allow us on the desktop through mobile platforms, et cetera to be able to address the needs of our customers. And what that's leading to from a commercial point of view, what your question is more specifically about, is that we can provide enterprise licenses which take into account the usage and the breadth of need of a firm and provide them with a more simple contract that allows in many cases, more users or more access to the system, which on the one hand, might as a per user basis end up maybe being less expensive to them, but they're using a lot more data and many more users in it which is very beneficial to us. So this like many of our different products and services across the company, these truly are a customer by customer basis in terms of how we deal with them and the sales process its a long professional sales market, sales process. We've restructured our sales team. So they are unified and they've been rolling out a comprehensive approach to our different markets, whether it's by regions or it’s by different types of industries and segment. And as you pointed out that is our approach this year would be to rolling out, almost everywhere, but especially where it makes sense enterprise wide pricing for market intelligence.
Doug Peterson: If you just give me one second, I've got that calculated here. So let me just give you some of the numbers, more specifically the breakdown with and without those, I don't know if I have the aggregate number in front of me, but the - when you look at non-financial, it's going to be in a range of approximately 2% to 6%, financial institutions from about 1.5 to 4, structured is right now one of the areas that I am least certain about, its more in kind of the 0% to 6% range. And even though you look at the public finance potentially dropping a lot this year, given the headwinds and what we saw a very strong issuance last couple of year. So public finance could be down 5% to 10%. So overall issuance about 3% and excluding sovereigns in domestic China is also about 3%, once you take the positive upside in non-financial, what you've seen like in this first of month of the year. And then you subtract some of the downsides. We still in up with about 3%, excluding sovereign.
Doug Peterson: Let me first of all just tell you what's some of the elements are, I don’t know if I can give you a precise basis point by basis point approach to that. But as you remember we have a combination of the three different businesses within market intelligence which you’ve seen the desktop, the enterprise business, the SNL businesses and the new risk services. We have Platt, we've taken out J.D. Power, we've taken out what was our pricing businesses, J.D. Power had generally a lower margin than the new average margin, the pricing businesses have higher-margin, than the actual businesses. But I don't have the actual numbers and I am going to look to Ewout to see if he has a chart with those actual numbers. But those are the elements that are incorporated into that margin.
Doug Peterson: Well, let me let me just tell you little bit about margins generally, if you don’t mind, I'll give you some broader aspect to it. We don't have any guidance specifically about our margins, but we do have what I may call aspirations. As you know in the last few years we've had an intensive focus on margins, that’s a combination of improving commercial activities, growing the top line, as well as maintaining productivity and being very disciplined around investment. In ratings, we aspire to be with a – to have a five handle, its beginning of our margin where we've been there over quarters, but we aspire to be in the low 50s and this we help - we believe we could get there through the continued commercial discipline in some of our productivity programs. In the market commodity intelligence segment, we aspire to the mid to high 30s. We think that as we complete our synergy programs over the next couple years, as well as ongoing productivity program and commercial programs that we've be aspiring towards that. In index, we do not have a target. We are very comfortable with the level of margin that we have now in the 66 - in the last years or so it’s between 60 and 66. We know that there's kind of – it popped around a little bit. But we don't have any target that’s different than what we have there and which should be in the low 60s. But those are the - up for the three segments. Those are the - our aspiration of our margin.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So that is a – that’s been something that's been really interesting, as we continue to watch the development of the European market. It almost kind of goes and fits and start between when do you see issuance that’s starting off in the European markets and you get some very strong orders of European issuance and then you get some very weak orders in issuance. The main factor which is inhibiting that is really the ECB liquidity program. The ECB liquidity programs has continued to provide a lot of liquidity in the European banks and it's basically between the strength of their capital which is been improving in European liquidity programs that are in-place. It’s allowing the banks to continue to be strong lenders, but there is a general shift overall towards more and more issuance in the market. Just as an example, in this year - during the year that was in January you saw the issuance go up in Europe in financial institution, in the industrial it was down a little bit, you've also seen more in sovereign. So total Europe was up about 13% in January. Over the last couple years, it's been up and down, it goes from being up to flat, et cetera. But I do think it’s the most important aspect or is really combination of what we see happening with the LTRO programs, the ECB liquidity programs and the overall bank behavior that they're holding more and more credit on their balance sheet. Now the other final point I'd make is that the ECB itself has a very high demand for the purchase of assets. They continue as quantitative easing program and assets they want to buy or investment grade debt security and ECB itself has been talking about promoting the development of capital markets. In addition, there is a program based out of Brussels called the Capital Markets Union. The Brussels financial - the financial regulators are all in favor of having a more cohesive and more European wide approached capital market. So we are very close to those initiatives. We have people in Brussels. We visit Brussels a lot. We visit all of the major financial capital and we believe that this will continue to be a positive over the long run, but it might be going in fits and starts.
Doug Peterson: It is a concern to the extent that we're going through a lot of change in the industry and if I told you otherwise, I probably would be telling you something we spend a lot of time thinking about. We do have though a few factors which we think position us incredibly well. One is that we have benchmarks that are must have benchmarks, like the S&P and Dow Jones and other branded benchmarks that we have that are really necessary for whether it's the actual ETFs or other investment products or for the data that’s required by investment managers to be able to benchmark their portfolios in their performance. So we think that we have one advantages in terms of the types of brands and the kinds of products we have. The second is maybe a little bit, if you go back to microeconomics and remember those curves of elasticity of demand and some of the products which we believe are going to see price cut, the price cut might be offset by the volume growth. And I don't want to say that that's always going to sort of work out that way. But if you look at the overall growth of volume in this industry and the recent DOL [ph] of ruling which looks like it might be reversed, was going to probably benefit ETF and passive investment. We probably see some sort of passive investment benefit from a lot of these trends that will also benefit us. So even if some of the fees do go down and there is some fee pressure, we should be seeing some advantage of that from volume. Just as an example, we mentioned it in our call, but it was just three years ago that we were across the $500 billion line for ETF AUMs and we now crossed a $1 trillion at the end of the year last year, even only a year ago we were $815 billion. So the growth in these - it's a combination of new flows into the asset classes, as well as obviously increasing the value of the indices themselves that we see that from, but we do - we are very aware of the cost pressure. We are working closely with ETF providers and others and it’s something that we are ensuring that we can maintain a leadership position in the quality of our benchmark, the positioning that they have. But pricing pressure is something that we're aware of and we're trying to actively manage towards it.
Doug Peterson: It’s really hard for me to project. I've been doing this for now almost 6 years and every quarter there is a different mix of what has been attractive in the markets, it depends on investment, on growth, on GDP growth, on what the interest rate environment is going to be, what Janet Yellen might do with interest rates, what the net exchange rates is going to be for people have global operation. I – its possible if there's some pull forward that’s taken place in January, it's also possible there were some pull forward into the fourth quarter, but there is a very healthy refinancing pipeline that we look at, some of the issuance that was done in January was issuance by companies that have - already have incredible amounts of cash on their balance sheet, like Microsoft and IBM and AT&T and Morgan Stanley and Wells Fargo and BoA. And so the largest issuers in January weren't necessarily those that needed the cash, they also were all corporation and have massive amounts of cash offshore. So I don't know, I can't really answer your question about this pull forward or not. But we do in our forecast, if you look at the forecast that we prepared, we do have a more robust first half of the year than the second half year in the forecast that we've prepared, which was the 3% growth in issuance for 2017.
Doug Peterson: Peter, let me add that if you go back to the slides that Ewout presented, there is a new slide which shows the revenue mix across broad categories. We thought it was helpful for you to see a little bit further breakdown on that and I don't remember the actual slide number. We can pull that that up. But it shows where we've got the growth across the different business segments and is an example in financials there was a drop in the fourth quarter, in financial issuance from 115 to 104, that’s our revenue mix. In corporates they went up 20% from 283 to 340. We think that that should also help to give you some kind of the direction as to what the - what issuance trends are, as well as the revenue that we're seeing from those and you can get a view across the board how we think we're doing those different groups. And all of them are a combination of all the different factors which Ewout mentioned.
Doug Peterson: Not really, we have looked at Dodd Frank, there's really two aspects to it that I could mention, but this is – think of this little bit more speculation as because we don’t have a lot of facts as to where this might go. On the - on ourselves, we believe that the overall Dodd Frank rules that is coming in place are similar to the other 21, I guess jurisdictions around the world, where we're also rated. So even if Dodd Frank changes it’s not going to change our operating model very much because we're regulated as similarly or even more heavily in other jurisdictions like it by ASMA [ph] in Europe. So there might be changes to Dodd Frank, they can have some small benefits to us in the US, but they're not necessary they're going have that much of an impact if we have to continue to comply with a similar or the exact same kind of provisions everywhere else in the world. On the actual markets themselves, to the extent that there are Dodd Frank provisions which improve market liquidity or investor issuer access or clarify some of the things around, for instance of Volcker rules we see. Thanks for getting back into more proprietary trading and a higher liquidity in issuance in the markets or if there was a change to the of risk retention rule that allowed CLOs and CMBS issuance to explode if there – it has been that much of an impact from the risk retention rule, I can't quite tell, but it looks like it might be a slight impact. But those are the things that could be more market impact. They don't have anything to do with us directly. But if they end up providing an environment where there is growth in the market, in particular growth in financial markets, higher liquidity, higher issuance, we would potentially benefit from that.
Doug Peterson: Well, I don't know if I call it relative to what the market does, but relative to ourselves, we've had a, what I would call a multiyear program to bolster our of commercial activities in the rating agency, a result of our own changes in Dodd Frank we have hired a world-class team of commercial people in our rating agency. They are now out building relationships with customers, anticipating their needs for capital markets activities by looking at their own exposures around the globe and by being closer in a relationship, having this relationship model, its allowed us to also demonstrate what is the value that we bring and have a one-off, as I call them kind of individual conversation and negotiations with customers around the globe. And we've started seeing the benefit of that from higher contract realization and we expect that that will continue to flow through in 2017. We saw the benefit of that in last year, some of that into the fourth quarter. But it is part of our top line growth strategy is to have these one-off relationship conversation with the issuers, to ensure that they understand the value and we can see some of that value through improved pricing in contractual terms.
Doug Peterson: Yes, if you look you know, for the last I guess, 12 years or so, we've grown over 12% per year, you just bounce in the low teens from quarter-to-quarter, I think with this kind of noise quarter-to-quarter whether there 10% or 14%. With indices nice strength in the internationals big product, which is one of new things we're launching and conversely we don't see much strength in metals and mining work, this difficult environment. So those were two kind of newest areas that we've been focusing on. Overall together its kind of better than our model, but it just kind of bounces quarter-to-quarter, are difficult to explain that.
Doug Peterson: Thank you for that question. On Platts, on our top line growth, it clearly is the combination of all the factors that you discussed. As you remember a few years ago and going back to the question about Dodd Frank, there was - one of the provisions of Dodd Frank ended up that all of the major financial institutions exited the commodities businesses, and now it had been a major drag on our top line growth and on our revenue level is all of the major global financial institutions exited commodities - trading and commodities businesses. A few of those have a tiny trading desk left, but most of them sold their commodities businesses to other trading organization, who are already our customers and we saw some loss of revenue there, that had been a headwind. There was also a headwind when you saw the oil price, which had been in the $100 range drop into the 20s and 30s and it put a lot of pressure on our major customers that are producers on the upstream side, who are getting squeezed by their - on their profit margins and they were in tough negotiations to see what kind of renewal levels we get, what kind of increase in pricing. So there were some headwinds there. Obviously on the other hand, some of the users, power plants and airlines and others saw a big benefit from the lower oil prices and low energy prices and we had some potential upside there. But I think we're getting into a normalized position with the oil prices in the 40s, 50s and 60s. There still are some organizations but that's not the right level that they can be very profitable in. But we do think that we will look carefully at the overall market positioning. We felt that the increase in more maybe more stable oil market benefits us. And as you know, one of our revenue streams that we talk about is the market services area. So it’s not just the - we saw a strong growth in that area which is one of the other areas. So we're not only just a subscription business, but we do have a small amount of our revenue coming from market and trading services and that area did benefit from the volatility as the market moves back up from the lower price to the middle price. So every factor you mentioned are things that we watched. We think that we're in a more stable environment. We don't think that there's going to be anybody getting in and out of this business and we'll be negotiating throughout this year ongoing long-term contract.
Doug Peterson: And let me pick up the question the border adjustability, as you know that the tax code was updated 30 years ago in 1986 and at the time our economy and the tax code is still very much skewed towards agriculture and manufacturing, especially with preferences and special exemptions for lot of industries. And it's been a long time that we needed an update of our tax system. We also have the –as you know, and one of the highest tax - corporate tax rate in industrialized world with us ourselves paying over 30% rate, which is been very high. Now specifically related to border adjustability, this is one of those - one of those areas that is probably quite controversial because the way it impacts different types of organization. As you know because we have such a high tax rate any lowering of rate would benefit us and then specifically in border adjustability, we're an intellectual property firm that is been around for long time and our intellectual property is principally registered in the US and in fact, even in New York. And when we sell and we have customers that are paying us from offshore to use our ratings or our indices or market intelligence or re Platts data and that is being purchased overseas, that would be considered to be an export of services and we would benefit from a lower tax rate or from the border adjustability where we would not be having to pay a tax on that export of services. I don't have a specific dimension yet that I could tell you exactly what the benefit could be because we don't have enough of the proposal. But I would tell you that we would be a major beneficiary of that border adjustability and it's something that as that is developed we have our tax team, our economic team, our are public affairs team, et cetera are working closely with other advocacy groups and organizations in Washington to understand all these proposals and what the impact might be. But this is one that for us could be a major benefit.
Doug Peterson: Yes, and Craig, as you can imagine from my prior answer, where this is also on our list with the same teams that we're looking out with advocacy groups and our tax accounting, finance, public affairs groups, et cetera. This is one of those proposals that we think would have a - also but tends to have a negative impact on issuance. Clearly, it's a proposal that is linked with a pay for to other sorts of changes in the tax code. For example, accelerated, depreciation would be paid for with elimination of the interest rate deductibility. So we see it, typically in combination with other types of - other types of benefits which then need to get paid for it and they were paid for by this interest rate deductibility. In all of the work that we've done looking at the different systems, we think that the major impact is going to be on high yield issuers. And as you know, if you go back to what's the typical deal thesis of leveraged buyout or of many sponsor deal, there is a - the high-yield debt not only provide them access to capital and improves in ROE, it also provides a tax shield and the interest rate expense itself is part of the deal calculation as to what's sort of tax shield you get from the interest rate. And so this is the part of the yield curve and the credit card where we think they will be the biggest impact and potentially issuance could get hit there. When we look at the higher quality end of the rating scale. So, blue-chip companies, investment grade companies, even without the deduction, we think that would still be more attractive to companies in issuing equity. I don't think companies are going to be wanting to flood the market with equity, do their financing. There might be a boon to investment bankers to structure hybrid or other sorts of instruments that could be a debt like or maybe equity like, but not considered to be a common equity. We do rate a lot of those types of instruments. So preferred shares and in anything with kind of fixed coupon, we do - we do rate those kind of equities or things like that. But we do think that overall elimination of interest rate deductibility would probably be a net negative to issuance and that we're operating on right now. But we're trying to look very closely at the market and what the actual proposal is since we don’t really know what the proposal is and what it’s going to. So we're going to have to watch this. We do know that over the long-term in issuance levels are much more related to GDP growth. But this discussion about interest rate deductibility and tax law changes, does throw some new elements into our planning and our thinking that we've got to be very close to.
Doug Peterson: Well, first of all on index as you know we have been diversifying our business in various ways. One of them is through different sorts of indices, as you mentioned fixed income indices, right now that is a very, very new industry, so to speak. Its just recently have the index of large index complexes started moving into organization to see them on a professional index managed approach to building up ETF products, et cetera. We think that that space is still wide open and one that there's not a lot of ETF volume and should be growing and we're hoping to pay much larger position t here. Custom indices and factor indices are getting very popular, specially with family offices, sovereign wealth fund and investors that need some sort of benchmark to manage specific against risk or asset liability matching in their portfolio. We continue to see that is an area where we're investing and growing. We also have two other areas I want to mention, one in the ESG. We've bought Trucost and Trucost is an organization that provides a very precise and high quality climate and water and other sorts of environmental facts, environmental data. We're able to use that to build environmental or climate or other ESG type fund. We see a very high demand for data and analytics and now increasingly also helpful for fund that has incorporate ESG or sustainability or long-term growth type factors, especially coming from sovereign wealth funds and from pensions and endowments in northern Europe and some places around Europe and United States. So that's another area of growth. And then generally across the business, we're looking to see how we can capitalize off of the value of our data more and more and see that is one of our growth areas and not just the traditional ways that we've had with AUMs and a fund approach in using our benchmarks into the fund area. So data and data and analytics is an area that we are looking at and that's where some of the other aspects to how the data is used, how we look at market et cetera, we're thinking that there should be some opportunities there as well.
Doug Peterson: Andre, I don't have enough of base of discussions yet to give you - to give you like a scientific answer, I can just tell you anecdotally, this every CEO and every CFO that we've been meeting with are studying the tax reform proposals the same way we are. There is then – if you met with the largest organization's, the largest global organizations and if you look at the repatriation topic which we haven't touched on, repatriation is one that also has a very large impact on companies and could have as I mentioned in my comments a shorter-term impact on issuance if people brought back a lot of cash and don't need to go to market. We don’t we'll have a long-term impact. But there's a lot of corporations that have literally - there is a couple trillion dollars $2.5 trillion we believe in overseas cash that could also going into that equation. And I don't - as I said, I only have anecdotal evidence, I do not have anything that’s scientific yet. Each company is impacted differently, if you went in that with retailers that import a lot of their products from offshore, if it's - weather clothing, apparel, toys, electronics, et cetera, this the approach towards the border adjustability has a very negative impact on them. If you speak with large exporters, like GE and Boeing and Caterpillar, order adjustability is a very positive impact on them. A lot of the CFOs of the more highly rated companies, the combination of a much lower tax rate and interest deductibility are kind of a wash. And so they would say that it's not going to - the interest rate deductibility is not going to have any impact whatsoever on their issuance programs because net-net, the net after tax cost as even can be lower because the interest rate is lowered so much. So again, I can only be anecdotal. I would hope that as we go throughout the years and we get more specific proposals that I could give you better answers then I just did. But those are the kinds of factors that are being looked at in the kinds of conversations we've been having. But right now it's all anecdotal.
Doug Peterson: It’s better than expectation. They had a target, and we cannot necessarily share with you folks, on what they would accomplish at this point in time, and the $10 million target has exceeded - or the number has exceeded at target. So they were very pleased with that. But once again this is still early days because its a lot of piloting going on as you know, Cap IQ reps are going to Cap IQ customers and saying hey, look our arsenal product, let me show you what we do this. But to me the biggest move really can't take place until you have one integrated platform, right. That’s when you can really begin to shape customers behavior were meaningfully and that’s not going to be for a while.
Doug Peterson: And I'll just – just one methodic add, and this is not of intent to point - your view is probably similar to other folks out there. January was a great month, if January was a horrible month, maybe that question would even come in, but we can't concern ourselves with one month out of 12 because we know that once every single year it’s choppy for month-to-month. So we can't be swayed by one particular month, as we think about our annual guidance.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Manav. This is Ewout. We would certainly not consider that guidance as conservative. What you obviously might see when you do an integration is that you first take care of the low hanging fruits. That's why there's always a large acceleration of the benefits at the beginning and then the remaining of the integration synergy benefits from later during the year and take more time to achieve that. And so this is really the best guidance we have, we expect that the remaining of the gains will be more backend loaded, because it is the harder part of the synergies, especially related to bringing our products to a one platform, that is really the main outstanding where the remainder of the synergies will be achieved.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. And Toni, what I specifically would like to point out, is that the total margin change for market and commodities intelligence for the full year 2016 was 410 basis points. The FX element in that were 140 basis points. So that gives you the breakdown of how much was really underlying performance improvements, over the difference area versus the amount that came from FX and then as Doug said, there is the different elements of the businesses that are having different levels of margins. But we probably need to come back to you later on with more specifics on that.
Ewout Steenbergen: We don't give specific by segments. But as we said in the prepared remarks that we expect margin expansion for each of our businesses.
Ewout Steenbergen: Let me give you some of the components here. And so I'm looking here at the revenue components, if you make a breakdown between transaction and non-transaction, transaction was up 26%, non-transaction was up 5%. If you look at a breakdown by region, US saw the largest growth of close to 17%. The EMEA region was around 6%, Asia, ex-Japan was around 8% and Japan itself was 13% and then the rest of were other small numbers. I have to note that Canada had as quite large increase of 63%. If you look at another breakdown of revenue, corporates we so up by 18%, financial services down 9%, infrastructure up 40%, US public 37%, sovereigns 10% and structure 11%. So overall I could say revenue was up very strong across the board. We saw expenses up $30 million quarter-over-quarter. That has mostly to do with incentive compensation and catch up, given the strong results for the quarter itself. So if you look at the combination of strong revenue growth across the board, in almost all regions and issuer types, as well as really good expense control with the one change an increase related to incentive compensation, we saw those margins in the ratings went up in a very healthy way.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thanks, Bill. And Bill I don’t want to thank any of them, I want to clarify this right now, the pronunciation is Ewout, the W is capital to V, so it’s Ewout for everybody.
Ewout Steenbergen: Let me start James, good morning. Regarding the assumptions underneath our EPS guidance with respect to buyback activities, at this moment cannot specifically comment on the size and timing for obvious reasons. But what I can say is the following, we will continue with buyback activities also in 2017, following the strong track record of the company. We believe it's a good use of the strong cash position we have and also the strong future cash generation we predict and we believe our stock today is attractive at current levels. We will be of course be disciplined and focused on the way how we really can create value enhancement for shareholders. So definitely there is an assumption with respect to buyback, but it cannot give you the specifics, but I hope that gives you a flavor for the underlying philosophy, and especially the disciplines, capital management we will apply as a company.
Ewout Steenbergen: We don't quantify the amount of the contract changes Greg, so we can't help you with that portion of the question. What was the other part of your question, I apologize.
Ewout Steenbergen: And as Doug mentioned earlier, so we think we made some nice progress in 2016. We think there's more progress that can be made 2017. And I would say in those two years that will be probably the bulk of the progress on these programs we're working on. It could be a little tail after that, but most of it would be in '16 and '17.
Ewout Steenbergen: They are going to start to beta testing that in the third quarter with a very limited number of customers, but we expect that that will really be more of a fourth-quarter event when the market intelligence 1.0 platform is potentially ready for rolling out more - on a more broader basis. But just as slight a different answer to your question. We're very pleased with the integration of SNL. Its been something that we made some of very tough management decisions when we brought on board, in terms of how we're going to manage the organization, putting these businesses together, which was not necessarily something was very natural for this organization and it's paid off by making those tough decisions right up front and having an excellent management team from SNL that came on board and incorporated some of the best management from the company that was already here. And generally speaking, we've been ahead of our targets and we've been able to execute in a way that we've had a very good financial performance, principally from expense management, we're now focusing more and more on revenues and we have a few really good early wins. But I don't want to promise that we can get the same kind of speed of execution on the revenue synergies that we did on expense energy. But it's something we're tracking, we're watching and I'm hopeful that we will. But it’s a lot harder than getting the expense synergy.
Ewout Steenbergen: Ansh, how you should see our guidance is really middle of the road, it’s neither conservative nor aggressive. That is the philosophy we apply. We think the guidance we have provided for 2017 is strong guidance form all aspects, high growth, margin expansion, EPS growth, excluding the accounting change. So we're in a range of 8.5% to 12%. So we think this is a very strong guidance we have provided. There is no particular conservatism in this, its really considered middle of the road.
