Harold McGraw: First of all, it's a little early to be focusing on 2011. We clearly, obviously, look at the schedule very hard. The calendar is very full. It's going to be a science year next year. And so, if you look at the calendar and just take it from that standpoint, our guesstimate at this point is that we will be at or a little better than 2010 state adoption levels on that one. But we've got to also see what the effect of Common Core Standards are going to be, and if there's going to be changes from that standpoint. So it's a little bit early, but if you look just at the calendar, at or above 2010 is what we're thinking on that one. New issuance, Brian, as you know, coming off of a softer second quarter, we really ramped up, especially the high yield markets. And again, the big number that we watch is the refinancing numbers out through 2014, still it's about $2 trillion in terms of maturities coming due on that part. And of course, there was a lot of refinancing or refundings in the third quarter, a lot of the new issuance that way. We've seen a continued strong corporate market in here. Issuance, a little softer in Europe, but again, one would think that it should be still fairly strong, and we have evidence of that at this point. We'll have to see as we get into November and early December, but so far, it's been pretty good.
Harold McGraw: In the el-hi market, yes, you've seen some on that one. It's hard to, as we're saying, it's hard to trace. Funding is coming from various levels but from what we are hearing, for both ends, both at the stateside and the federal level, both are talking about funds coming into the market.
Harold McGraw: Yes, and that gets us back to the 40% range. And I think what we're going to see, especially in terms of some of the QCCR compliance network cost, we're going to start to see that abate. And the hope would be then that we would be able to translate that into margin improvement on that part. So we're pleased with where we are relative to the cost associated, but we'll be looking for margin improvement.
Harold McGraw: Well, again, I mean, there's a lot of uncertainties and what the pipeline would be like and what any additional regulatory issues and compliance cost and all of that. That would certainly be the hope, Peter. But I think we just better take it as it comes right now, just so that we want to keep expectations to where they are.
Harold McGraw: Well, I mean, again, I think one of the questions is, we want to take a good hard look at the student aid, the federal government student aid program. That clearly has helped Enrollments, and that's why we made adjustment from Higher Ed grew from 5% to 7%, up to 8% to 10%. It's really going to trigger on enrollments there and if enrollments stay strong, then I think we will continue to benefit from that. And therefore, margins will be reflective of that.
Harold McGraw: Yes, again, I think we've got to see what the impact of Common Core Standards are going to be on that part. And my opinion between that and digital, it can only help.
Harold McGraw: Craig, at this point, on the Higher Ed Professional side, we're seeing 15% and growing very rapidly. So we're pleased with that. On the elementary-high school side, it's smaller than that. We're benefiting at the Higher Ed side with McGraw-Hill Connect now, and all of the related pieces to that. But we don't break that out as such, but it would be a smaller number than the 15%
Harold McGraw: I would say it's somewhere probably a little higher than that, but probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 6% to 8%.
Harold McGraw: Well, again, the open territory market has been problematic, really, for the last four years, and we are looking in to see more progress in that area. That will be a big piece of future growth. That's roughly 45% of the whole opportunity on that part. But at this point, we still see it as a hold back.
Harold McGraw: Craig, right now, so as we were saying, especially in terms of corporate governance in that category, we're starting to see still strong transaction growth, a little bit less in Europe on that part. But so far, it's looking promising. We'll be watching it together in all of that, but from a pipeline standpoint, it's looking good right now. And again, the bigger number is the $2 trillion worth of refinancings that have to take place between now and 2014. And that should keep some pretty good activity in that part of the market.
Harold McGraw: Yes, well, Mike, it's a little bit early to be forecasting that. I think that what we've done is we've taken a look at where we are in terms of what we're going to be submitting, and we've taken a look at the calendar and just have done some rough estimating, and that's why we say at or above 2010 levels in all these. But I don't want to mislead, and we have to see what Common Core Standards are going to do. And so it's a little premature to come in with a harder number.
Harold McGraw: Enrollments. The number we're watching there is clearly enrollments. And as we said, the student aid program has been very robust and very helpful to that part of it, and that's why we've increased our projections on that. That's the number we're going to be looking at. And then if we have a decent enrollment number, you can anticipate a commensurate year.
Harold McGraw: Well, I mean, I think it depends on the area and the like. That's why in the QCCR area, we breakout both the quality assurance aspect, the criteria, the compliance and the risk areas on that part. And we managed the criteria side very hard on that one, making sure that it is as strong, as solid and is appropriate to any particular issue. If there is a particular area, where our criteria is a little tougher or a little more stringent than somebody else, I think it balances out in through the number of issues, but there could be some in that way on that part. But we also are saying very clearly to any issuer that if you were supplying us with information that is going to go into a part of the determination of a rating, then, A, you have to be accountable to make sure that the data and information that you're providing us is reliable and all of that. Now we're going to test in all of those kinds of things. But again, all we're saying is that, you've got to be very accountable that the information that you're giving us that's going to help determine a credit rating is reliable. That's what we're saying.
Harold McGraw: Both are very viable in all of that. In fact, also in terms of organic growth, a lot of the digital components like McGraw-Hill Create and Connect and those kinds of things, those are very strong organic programs, and you can count on the fact that of the four uses, dividend, share repurchase, organic and acquisition, all are active and continuing. Now again, when you go through the latter part of 2008 and into 2009, activity levels in terms of acquisitions and some of those projects were softer in all of that. And obviously, the focus then was on share repurchase and dividend in all of that. Now given the strength of the free cash flow and improved markets and the like, you can see activity in all four areas.
Harold McGraw: International. The international side was a little softer than we had anticipated. But the Higher Ed side, in particular, it's clearly going to come in, in terms of -- or in line with our expectations and maybe even better on that part. But it was the international side that was the softer.
Harold McGraw: We'll see. Well, at the very least, we'll meet share. And hopefully, we'd do a little better. But at this point, I think it's safe to say we'll meet.
Harold McGraw: No, I think that again, you still have pent-up demand. Remember, when we talk about the state adoption market, it was half or a little more than half of what it was last year. And so the increase of 65%, 75% in the state new adoption market and also, some of the growth in the intervention market, I think it has been a little bit of a surprise and has held up. Even though at one point, we were thinking 875 to 925 for the state new adoption market, in the second quarter, we came back to 825, 875. And I think that's going to a pretty a good range for this year, and we clearly are benefiting from that.
Robert Bahash: Yes, if you adjust for the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange in the quarter, as well as the impact of the one-month worth of TheMarkets.com, the apples-to-apples margin would be 39.6%.
Robert Bahash: Our current thinking in terms of where we are and how we factor into our outlook for the full year for all of K-12 is that for residual sales, we're looking at a decline on a full-year basis in the high-single digits and for open territory declines and more of mid-single digits maybe 3% to 5%, with declines in both areas.
Robert Bahash: Craig, let me just expand on your previous question. The paper print buying postage elements, of course, are variable cost. So if you elect not to print a product and you move to a digital offering, those costs go away. But you also mentioned warehousing, of course, that's not a variable cost. You're still going to be in an avenue where we're going to be producing product for a period of time, maybe our warehousing structure over time could be reduced, but that's clearly not a variable cost in the short-term.
