Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Bill, first of all, in terms of the cost savings and in terms of being able to realize those savings, we will realize those cost savings in 2012. And again, not to be nebulous about it, but we're seeing at least $100 million. And we believe, as we go through all of the reductions and shared costs and all of those things as we go through the separation process, that there'll be more. But I think it's safe to say, at this point, at least $100 million is a good way to do it. Leverage...
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: That's right. And that -- and again, at least $100 million. And also in terms of leverage, it's way too early to tell at this point. I mean, obviously, we've got a very clean balance sheet. And relative to organic growth projects, transactions, shares repurchased and things like that, we will have ample capability to do whatever we need to do on that part. So we have a very clean balance sheet.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: And given the conditions that we're facing at this point, obviously, in terms of some of the lower revenue growth and the higher profit growth, obviously, cost reductions are having a significant impact.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. I mean, as we said, what we're seeing on the structured finance side, we're starting to see some pickup on the commercial and a little bit on the residential side. Obviously, the public finance market is quite strong. Bigger than that, Bill, is that you're looking at -- in terms of nonfinancial corporate securities over the next 5 years, you're looking at $46 trillion of refinancing and new monies on that part. So we're starting to see some pickup on that side. Obviously, investment grade is doing better than speculative grade, and that goes for both here in Europe and parts of Asia Pacific as well. But now, it will start to pick up, and we'll start to see more activity on that part. And the plus side is that we're seeing it on the structured finance area.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, I mean, you've got ongoing cost reduction in one area, but you're also rightsizing that a little bit. But the big area is the foreign exchange. And again, especially coming out of Europe, our revenues were impacted by foreign exchange. But also positively, the expense base is also affected that way. So we'll have to see how the currency markets play itself through, but we're obviously benefiting on the cost side with foreign exchange.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: And obviously, again, we're in a very, very sensitive period with the Education business because we have to make sure that we're prepared for the spin, and we are. And standing up the Education business as a stand-alone has taken all the attention on that part. Obviously, being responsive, as a public company, to every other interest as well, we are going through a process on that as well. But the most important part is that this is a 2012 event and that it is going to be a stand-alone business, and we have to make sure that -- in every possible way, that it is capable of being able to deliver on its strategic mission. Now in terms of, as Jack said, proceeds and everything else, you can look at the key components. It will definitely have some transaction component to it. It will definitely have some organic, especially as we continue to build out on areas like Platts and S&P Dow Jones Indices and things like that, and also the geographic expansion at Ratings on that, but also in terms of share repurchase as well.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, well, I mean, it's very strong for a very good reason. I mean, you've got so many states that are having difficulties, and as we were saying, non-transaction revenue represented 58% of the second quarter revenue in all of that. And again, that was a lot to do with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. But we're not -- I mean, we're all concerned in terms of the lack of growth and some of the economic conditions and all of that. We're all influenced by that. But clearly, you're going to see more public finance issuance on that one, and it's a critical phase, and we're watching it very carefully. And again, from a creditworthiness standpoint, we will be extremely diligent in terms of stating exactly what we see.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, well, I mean, again, from our standpoint, and there would be modest price increases, but again, what you really have to focus on is the currency side of it. The strengthening U.S. dollar is obviously influencing it. But excluding the impact of foreign exchange rate, we see an increase in the non-transaction revenue.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, that -- I mean, that is where it's coming from. And it's happening very, very rapidly, and in particular, at the Higher Education level. As you know, with some of the transformation, with the Apple partnership and things like that, both Professional and Higher Education have significant title expansion in that area, and that will flow this year and next year to increases on the profitability. The K-12 area is still one that is -- it's very fragmented. We have pushed very hard on the high school market in terms of new title capabilities and the like. But again, because of state and local municipality economic conditions, it will remain fragmented. But the Higher Ed and the Professional side, it'll be a direct contribution.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: I'd say you're probably right, Doug. It is more the same, although I think you'll start to see a little pickup in the structured finance area on that one, and we're looking to that. But again, the European environment is so difficult right now. I would say that it would probably be more of the same.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, first of all, if you take a look at the overall appetite and the need and the criticality of it, and the second one, take a look at the industry serving it on that part, McGraw-Hill Education is one of the most comprehensive and most powerful scaled capabilities and the like. As we're going through some very, very interesting changes in terms of the digital composition and how education is being focused on, both at the Higher Education and at the advanced level, as well as in the elementary, secondary school area, you're seeing some fundamental change taking place. Ours is, is that with McGraw-Hill Education, the digital transformation has to be accelerated. We have to continue to push aggressively on that. And as an industry, you're seeing that. I think that our capability and the team that we've got, we've been able to demonstrate making that kind of change more rapidly. And I think that judgment of anybody in the industry is going to be on their ability to develop a digital product very, very quickly and comprehensively.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: I think it's very important, and especially when you're talking about emerging markets. 2/3 of world GDP growth is coming from something called emerging markets. And our ability to be able to interface with that, and in particular, on the Professional and Higher Ed side, it's going to be a big component of growth going forward.
John F. Callahan: Sorry to interrupt. The -- on a run rate basis, absolutely, at least $100 million by the fourth quarter. In terms of actual flow through the P&L within 2012, I would say about 2/3 would flow within the P&L this year. And obviously, that $400 million would benefit both businesses as we go into next year. And again, that excludes the one-time impact of the costs that we highlighted today around the separation expenses.
John F. Callahan: Well, if I go back to my comment a minute ago, that we anticipate at least 2/3 to benefit the P&L within the full year. I would say a little less than half that has already been reflected in the P&L year-to-date.
John F. Callahan: And obviously, we're also benefiting from -- the Education business is obviously benefiting from the very significant cost restructuring they did in the fourth quarter, where we eliminated -- last year, we eliminated 10% of all positions. That, obviously, is also adding incremental benefits.
John F. Callahan: And Peter, I would just add that looking forward over the balance of the year, as Terry mentioned in his remarks, we have a tough expense overlap, particularly in the third quarter. So I'd be -- we're cautious as we look at the third quarter. But on a full year basis, we -- our anticipation is that the margins would remain 40% or better on a full year basis.
John F. Callahan: Yes, 2 quick questions. I mean, for the JV over the balance of the year, from an earnings-per-share point of view, we think it'll be accretive $0.01 or $0.02. And on the third quarter call, once we actually have real operating results, we'll detail that much more than we can today. And then I'll be honest, we're very focused on trying to determine the right strategic path for the Education business spin or, potentially, sale or other option. Obviously, in a sale, we would have a fairly significant cash infusion. We haven't spent a lot of time, quite honestly, trying to sort out what we would do with that. Obviously, it's a high-class issue for us to consider. I would think you should expect some part of that would be consistent with our return of capital policy that we have as part of the Growth and Value Plan.
John F. Callahan: And I would -- our current forecast assumes sort of low single-digit growth in that area over the balance of the year. So obviously, to Terry's point, currency, and then, obviously, how active the markets are on the transaction side will drive the business for the next 6 months.
John F. Callahan: I'd squeeze in this point as an example. Obviously, it's much smaller because it's not Higher Ed. But the Professional business, while it's a small business, it's our most digitally advanced, and we have continued to build profitability in that business. So we have some experience in managing through this transition. It will obviously work differently in the Education markets, in Higher Ed or K-12 going forward, but we're working our way through that.
