Harold McGraw: Okay, all right. Well, actually, Sloan, as you know, this all started in 2010. We had to make sure some of the bigger issues that were influencing the corporation in terms of things like legal and regulatory and the Structured Finance revenues and some of the funding issues from state, we needed to get those sorted through.  And so as we progressed in 2010, we really focused on getting those behind us and sharpening on the expectation for execution, and that's why you saw some of the management changes and so forth. As part of all that, we also then began to look really hard at the overall portfolio in terms of where we ought to be allocating a lot of the capital and given some of the cash generation and so forth. One is that we wanted to really reinvigorate a commitment that we've always had to share repurchase, and then as well as to the dividend situation. But that also led then to the whole issue of McGraw-Hill Financial. McGraw-Hill Financial is a completely different business than Standard & Poor's. It needs its own management structure, it's an own design. It needs its own growth pattern and so forth. So integrating those businesses became a priority.  And so as we got into 2011, we needed to be running McGraw-Hill Financial,I think. And we're really, really pleased with the results in the first half of this year and what the prospects for McGraw-Hill Financial are. The second one was then starting to look at some more non-core assets, and that's what led us to the Broadcasting piece. Some of the things that we've talked about in terms of focusing on more core properties led us to really, really strengthening our initiatives on Platts, and that led to the BENTEK Energy acquisition and the Steel Business Briefing that we just announced on that one. We need to accelerate aggressively the digital transformation at the education side, and clearly, we're seeing it at the higher ed, professional, international, and we're now beginning to see it again on the K-12 side. We have to deal, obviously, with the state funding issues. And obviously, for this year, Texas, as we've said, was going to be the wildcard in all of this. The good news is that they are funding. The issue is it didn't come in May, June or July. It's going to be into the third quarter, and so we look to benefit nicely from that part. In terms of other aspects of the portfolio, the only thing that I really would say at this point, Sloan, is that again, everything is being looked at. There is an awful lot of things that are on the table right now, from a timing standpoint. I look to the second half of this year to be making some pretty significant action statements, on that part. But again, overall, we've got a very strong cash and balance sheet position. The share repurchase and dividend, we're going to continue to emphasize. We've had a strong first half. We're going to have a very strong second half, on that part. But it gives us an opportunity, having all of that, to be able to make some changes and focusing more on some of the core assets that we have. So other than saying that there's going to be more actual statements coming relatively soon, we feel very excited about the portfolio review that we've done, and it will continue, on that part. Does that -- without going into any other specifics, I mean, the actions we're taking on this one, more to come.
Harold McGraw: Sloan, we've got to take a look at what conditions, and all of that. The answer to your question is yes. It is to say that the step up in the first half is more of what we're looking at in the second half. But again, we will take a look at conditions as they exist, and if we think it's necessary to accelerate, we will.
Harold McGraw: Well, the answer is yes. I mean, when we look at things, we're looking to get as much intelligence and support as we can. And so the answer is yes.
Harold McGraw: Yes. I mean, again, dependent upon conditions and the like, I mean, those things are on constant review on this part. Making sure that -- going back to our first premise always, as we came out of 2010 and a lot of the external market factors that were influencing things and moving beyond that. The question is, is: How do you allocate more capital to your high-growth global brands, one; and two, in doing so, how do you define core, and where are you going to make those investments? The nice situation, Michael, is that we've got the wherewithal. We've got the flexibility. We've got the capacity, and we just want to make sure those allocations are going to those that are going to give us the best returns.
Harold McGraw: No. I mean, I think that the issue for us is that the first half showed us the revenue growth expectations that we wanted. We were hoping to get to the double-digit growth. Now in all 3 segments, with the exception of Education, which is under a different kind of pressure, issues in terms of revenue growth, we saw the double-digit growth that we wanted.
Harold McGraw: And the other aspect here, Michael, is that again, everything is relative to the environments in which we operate.  And so as we were putting numbers together last year, we thought the $2.79, $2.89 was a very responsible platform for what we were seeing. Clearly, given the strength of the first half and some of our expectations, we can now say the upper end of that, on that part. But again, it's one that, relative to environment conditions, we want to be able to operate at the highest level we possibly can. And if it's doing better, we'll do it better.
Harold McGraw: No, no, no. It's a very different situation. Obviously, given the turmoil in the financial markets and all of those kind of things, we were clearly influenced and clearly the stock was influenced with some of the uncertainty and the regulatory and legal situation and the like. Today, what we said -- and by the way, what we said from the very beginning is being reaffirmed, is that it's a vastly different legal and regulatory environment. We have -- we don't have anywhere near the uncertainty in the regulatory issue that you had a year ago. Both the United States, Europe, Japan, Canada, Australia have all completed those kinds of forms. Now, by the way, one that we're pushing very aggressively on and why we're focused on the G20 coming up at the end of the year is that there still needs to be an effort, and hopefully, led by the United States, to harmonize some of the financial regulation. They're not all in compliance with each other, so we need to push very aggressively on that. But the regulatory environment is vastly improved in terms of certainty and those kind of things. The legal issue, we said from the very beginning that the overall legal situation is low in all of that but you have to bear it out. Today, 30 suits have been dismissed or dropped, and we see that continuing. Most importantly, the categories that those suits were in, underwriter suits, stock drop suits and things like that, the courts have all set precedents now that those are not germane. So we don't see any additional activity on those things. But as those dark clouds go away and the earnings power and the execution capability is there, what we're focusing on now from a strategic standpoint is where we want that capital allocation to go in terms of the core assets and how we can expand faster.
Harold McGraw: Well, it doesn't. I mean, this is day-to-day, everyday business conditions, and you watch it, all of it, very carefully. Sometimes, in terms of how you establish criteria, what the -- who's financing what, what capabilities it takes on. There are shifts back and forth in all of that. We want to make sure that from a clarity standpoint that we're as transparent as we possibly can be about what the criteria we establish for certain instruments is and that we apply it in such a way that it's coherent to the marketplace on that part. From time to time, you'll see some share gains or reverse in all of that. But that's just normal operating conditions. The most important thing is that people have a very clear understanding of how we are viewing and assessing any particular instrument, and that they see a very clear application of that.
Harold McGraw: Let me put it -- flip it around on that one. Given some of the cost pressures that we talked about and whether it be foreign exchange or some of the others that we've dealt with, I am personally very pleased with the margin level that we're running at right now. Quite frankly, my expectation was not where it is right now on this one. So I would say to you without getting into forecasting margin levels or whatever, you can assume that margin level that we achieved in the first half, we should be able to at least match in the second half.  And obviously, everything we're looking at is trying to improve that. But I think that for Standard & Poor's, that is a pretty good level relative to some things that we faced.
Harold McGraw: No, I wouldn't forecast yet on that part. I mean, again, as markets recover and as this business is getting all the attention that it's getting in all of that, obviously, we want to try and improve upon that. But I wouldn't forecast anything yet. I think where we are right now, I'm pleased in the first half. We're going to do everything we can to build on that.
Harold McGraw: Yes, you're exactly right, Peter. You should think and given the fact that states have been healthier in the past and funding is more predictable and all of those kind of thing, we tend to have been in near 100%, 95% to 100% anyway, of the market opportunity. This year, and this came out a part of the strategic study that was initiated last year, our decision is that on some of the smaller disciplines, that we were not going to participate, and we're not just going to be in every single thing. Getting -- making sure that in terms of reading, math, science, those are very core disciplines that you have to have high competency in. And some of the others, we'll be very selective in terms of where we're going to allocate capital.
Harold McGraw: Well, the good picture overall, Craig, is that the comment that we made coming in into this year, is that we thought the state adoption market -- I mean, and I think a good story, is that the state adoption market would equal or do a little bit better than 2010, and that all was dependent upon obviously Texas being the biggest part of this year. When we saw the state legislature in Texas wandering a little bit in terms of funding initiatives, it concerned us obviously, on that part. The fact that they have now come out and are going to fund and fund at the levels that they're funding and into the third quarter, that makes this a much better year. So last year, the $858 million, $875 million range, I think we'll definitely do that, and we might even do better than that. Open territory is again spotty. I mean, it's sort of like looking at numbers for the EU or something. You've got so many different countries with different growth prospects. You can come up with an average but some states are doing a little bit better in the open territory area, but then you have some outliers as well. But overall, I would say the situation is clearly improving.
Harold McGraw: That's -- obviously, that is one that we're watching very carefully because of the health of the states and the influences, lots of other decisions as well. I mean, in terms of activity levels, we're starting to see some activity on this. But I'm still a little bit guarded on that. I wish we were seeing a little bit more at this point. But I would certainly hope that the second half and certainly 2012 begins to show a very different picture than what we saw in the first half of this year.
Harold McGraw: Well, this is one that's definitely improving, on that one. We have seen a little bit more strength, obviously in more of the plain vanilla side of the structured market in terms of asset-backed securities. We're seeing more activity in Europe. We're seeing the commercial mortgage-backed market showing some signs. So it's definitely improving. I mean, if anybody wants to talk about the residential mortgage-backed market, no, you're not seeing any pickup in activity there. But in terms of ABS and CMBS and so on , yes, you're starting to see some here and in Europe.
Jack Callahan: Yes, let me give specifics by segments. There's no real change in our overall segment guidance at this point in time. So from McGraw-Hill Financial, that would be double-digit growth. Although double-digit growth for S&P, there would be high single-digit growth. Now obviously, there's always could be some potential volatility in the capital markets. Information & Media, more in the sort of the mid-single, a bit better there but we'd hold to the mid-single for right now.  And then MHE is low-single digit guidance for the full year. Obviously, that would require a pretty significant Q3 given where we are so far within the year. But we'd stand with that initial guidance right now.
Jack Callahan: The flat outlook for the balance of the year is prudent. Also, I'd just -- and even we -- the expense comparisons in the back half are a bit more favorable for us relative to last year than they were in the first half of this year. So and it's still too early to comment on next year.
Jack Callahan: Yes. To be specific on this year, our outlook is fairly conservative for the balance of the year. We're not banking on any material improvements relative to our outlook right now.
