Douglas Peterson: Ashish, this is Doug. Can you please repeat the question? You talked about sales cycle for all divisions or for a specific product? I'm sorry, I didn't pick up your question.
Douglas Peterson: Got it. Thank you. Well, first of all, we've seen that in the last quarter and going forward that people are thinking very cautiously about expense management, especially in the financial services sector. This is an area where people have been looking at how they're going to be managing their own expenses. They're looking at the environment, which we described as quite difficult, given the inflation, given the interest rate environment. There's not a lot of deal flow. So, this is where we're mainly seeing slowdown in some of the sales cycle, although this stabilized in the second quarter. It actually -- we started seeing in the fourth quarter and first quarter of this year and now we're seeing it in the second quarter, but it did stabilize.  As you recall, we also have some cases where it's taking us longer to renegotiate with our customers because we're bringing them more value. We're bringing together multiple products. So, sometimes consolidating products and consolidating contracts takes a little bit more. But let me hand it over to Edouard since he's on the call as well tell us a little bit about what he's seeing in the Mobility sector in the same sense.
Douglas Peterson: Thank you, Toni. Let me just take a step back one second and talk about what we're hearing in the market. I've been traveling this year. And I've been in every continent -- I've been except for Africa and Australia. But I've been around the world. I've been traveling a lot. And in every single conversation I have, we talk about sustainability, climate, ESG, energy transition. This is on everyone's mind. And depending on where you are in the world, it's either moving faster, maybe a little bit slower in the U.S. than it had been before. But there's also a shift going on in the way that regulators and investors think about their accountability to deliver their own views on climate change and on energy transition. The investors and regulators no longer want whoever is managing their money or who they're regulating to just make a decision based blindly on a score. They want them to have their own opinion based on their own analysis and building models from the bottom up. So, when you think about that shift taking place in the market, you then -- we bring the kind of data which has time series on it. We've had information that goes back 15, 20, 30 years. Trucost last quarter grew 38%. Our climate service, which is something that people are using for modeling climate change and physical risk, that grew 78%. So, we're seeing that some of these -- I call them, proprietary data or modeling services that we have are really in high growth and high demand. As you know, we also built a climate credit analytics model with Oliver Wyman. That grew over 50% in the second quarter. And so, we see across the globe that people are starting to make decisions themselves and they can no longer rely on just one single data input. They need to have the data.  So, I think that we have a great head start by having bought Trucost seven years ago. We had the S&P Dow Jones Sustainability products, which started over 20 years ago. And let me hand it over to Edouard, who can give a little bit of color also for the automotive and mobility sector.
Douglas Peterson: Thanks George. Well, as we've talked about over many years, the sensitivity to the price of oil in the Commodity Insights business is actually not very important to get to really low oil prices, like below the 60s into the 50s and 40s. And similarly, the same thing happens. It needs to get well over $100 before it starts creating sensitivity to the market or the industry. What we're actually seeing is a lot of interest and a lot of growth outside of what would be oil and gas. As you know, we have a large sustainability set of products and climate change products, energy transition within Commodity Insights. We also see a lot of interest and lot of growth in what we've done in terms of combining the product sets from the old Platts business with the E&R from IHS Markit. This is where you're taking prices and benchmarks and adding in forecasting research and analytics. So, we see a lot of interest in what we're doing. Our customers are asking for more. And we're layering on top of that artificial intelligence tools, tools, analytical better vision, better charting capabilities, ability to use our platforms more simply. We've taken multiple products and combined them into one or two solutions. So, across the board, we're seeing that our clients need more. They need to understand more about what's happening in the energy market. So, the sensitivity to the price of oil really doesn't kick-in until the oil price drops a lot or gets really, really expensive. Thanks George.
Douglas Peterson: Andrew, let me start, and then I'm going to hand it over to Ewout. I want to go back to a period six and seven years ago when we first made our investment in Kensho and around the -- and we started thinking about what the future was going to look like. And we actually see that future playing right now. We felt that in five years from then, which is now -- and 10 years from then, which is five years from now, that people like us would be making decisions assisted by artificial intelligence and machine learning tools. And in the last year or so, it's become apparent that there's another leg to that stool. It's not just artificial intelligence and machine learning. It's also generative AI. We've been embracing that across the company. Kensho has developed an expertise in different types of generative AI models. They are a go-to source in the company for learning about what we can do and what are the different models we could be applying.  As you saw in our prepared remarks, we have a governance approach around AI, which is to ensure that we're always thinking about our customers. We have a hybrid methodology of philosophy about using multiple types of models and sources whether that's internally driven from Kensho or the divisions or externally from open sources from partnerships. When you look at the needs for developing AI solutions, you end up actually having to stack multiple models on top of each other. And you require really careful management of your data, so that you can protect it as well as ensure that it will be then used and displayed in the right way. And then the third part of our governance is to ensure that we're all protecting our data. This is one of the first things we did when we started seeing generative AI models. We took a step back to make sure that we could protect our data and our IP. But let me hand it over to Ewout and then over to Edouard talk a little bit more about some of the things we're seeing in the company.
Douglas Peterson: Okay. Thanks Craig. Let me give you some color just on the issuance market generally and then dig into a couple of questions you asked. Overall, as you know, in the last quarter, the issuance was strong. It was up 8% billed issuance, including bank loans. Our bank loans is actually quite weak during the quarter. But the -- we saw, on the other hand, a lot of volatility and a lot of lumpiness in that issuance. There were some characteristics of markets like corporates in the U.S. was up 80%. Overall investment grade globally was up was up 20%. It in the U.S. Overall, it was up 19%, et cetera. And then overall, high yield was up 90% during the quarter. But on the other hand, structured credit CLOs were down 46% in Europe, 42% in the U.S. So, there's a lot of lumpiness in markets, and that has to do with uncertainty as to ratings, what's happening with interest rates, what's happening with inflation, yield, et cetera, spread. So, there's a lot of market instability still out there. We saw yesterday the U.S. fed raised interest rates by 25 basis points. This morning, the ECB raised interest rates by 25 basis points. So, the markets are looking for some stability of rates and spreads growth rates, et cetera.  Now with that backdrop, let me give you what are a couple of the forecast that we have for the rest of the year. We've increased our range for billed issuance for the rest of the year from a range of 4% to 8%. The previous was 3% to 7% at the last quarter, and the quarter before that is actually 2% to 6%. So, we've seen it improving throughout the year, what we expect for the rest of the year. And if you look at the -- what we're expecting for the rest of the year, if you look at 4% to 8% and with the guidance range we just gave, it means that we're going to be growing in kind of the mid double-digit range for the rest of the year in billed issuance.  A couple of the different areas I can share with you. As you know, our Ratings research team produces forecasts and summaries of what they're going to see going forward. We use that as one of the inputs for billed issuance. It's a different methodology than the billed issuance, but I want to give you that information anyway. We see the corporates growing at about 13% for the rest of the year with a range between 5% and 20%. Financial services flat for the rest of the year, with a range that could be down as much as 5%, up 4%. Structured finance down about 13% for the year, with a range of down 18% to down 8%. And then U.S. public finance could be down about 5%, with a range down 10% or up 2%. So, these are the factors that we're using. We are expecting that once we see these factors I mentioned like inflation, interest rates, spreads, et cetera, as that starts to improve, we think we'll see a better outcome.  One last thing I want to mention is M&A. M&A has been incredibly weak. This last quarter, second quarter, it was one of the weakest levels we've seen. It was as low as the second quarter of 2020 when we saw the beginning of the pandemic when everything came to a halt. I've been speaking with a lot of banks to understand what their outlook is for M&A, because that's a big driver of levered loans of the lending market, of the high yield market, et cetera. We're seeing from the bankers that we're speaking with that they're expecting that at the end of this year and into the first quarter of next year, they're expecting that M&A will pick up again as the market conditions improve. They've told me that there's a pretty large backlog and big pipeline waiting to -- for people to start doing deals, but it's not happening as long as there's still some uncertainty in the markets. So, thanks Craig. Thanks for the question.
Douglas Peterson: Yeah. Thank you, Russell. Thanks for joining the call today. We -- if you take a step back -- and one of the key drivers of our merger with IHS Markit was to look at what we think is happening with the transformation of capital markets globally. As you know, in the U.S., the capital markets for corporate financing is somewhere north of 70% of the market, probably even higher than that. In Europe, it's probably only about 35%, maybe 40% at the most. And across Asia, it's in the 20% range. We think that, that transition of capital markets globally is going to continue. We see the United States has a very sophisticated set of institutional investors that can go across the entire stack of capital. In Europe, we're starting to see more of that. In fact, one of the signals, which is positive for a business in Europe, is the withdrawal of liquidity programs like the LTRO from the central bank, from the ECB. We're also known now with the combination of the products and services. Starting with Market Intelligence, we have the data services from DVA, which provide prices on over 13 million securities, loans, swaps, other types of fixed income products and loans. That's a really incredible set of data, which we've now added into Capital IQ Pro. And that kind of data is used by the markets. We have the ability to expand into private credit as well. The private credit asset class is right now about $1.5 trillion, of which $1 trillion is probably out in the market in place. And there's another $500 billion which is dry powder, which is going to be available as that asset class continues to grow. We have ways we can serve that. So, if I look across the entire stack of capital, but let's now look only at the debt and credit side. In the debt and credit side, we have credit ratings. We have private information, private market information. We've got pricing information about bonds and loans and swaps. We also are now covering the issuance with issuance data. We have Wall Street Office, WSO, which is supporting the underlying -- underwriting of loans, et cetera. So, we have -- we are covering products, data services, software services across the entire stack of debt and credit. And finally, also in our index business that you asked about, we also have a set of credit products, iTraxx, CDX, et cetera, that are providing information for the markets. And we can use those for Indices. And we're seeing opportunities there not only in the fixed income indices themselves, but also extending into ESG fixed income indices as well as multi-asset class indices. But let me hand it over to Ewout, who can supplement some of what I just said.
Douglas Peterson: Thank you, Russell. And I want to thank everyone for joining the call today and your excellent questions. And I also want to thank Edouard for joining us today. I'm so excited about the progress that we're making at S&P Global and our focus on growth and innovation, which you heard about. I'm thrilled that we're at the forefront of AI and gen AI and that we've got Kensho that's going to help lead us and bring that together. I'm also very excited that we're the center of what's happening in global markets and in particular, sustainability and energy transition. This is something that's changing every day. And we're having the most important dialogues and building the products and solutions that people need. And as always, I want to thank our people. I feel fortunate that this year, I've been able to travel again, and I've been meeting with our people in Tokyo, Dubai, London and Denver. And I'm always inspired by their passion and their commitment to S&P Global. And I'm always impressed by their great work. So, again, thank you, everyone for joining the call today. And I hope that everybody gets a chance to enjoy the rest of the summer, and have a great day. Thank you so much.
Edouard Tavernier: Thank you, Doug. And hi, Ashish. So, in the Mobility sector, we're seeing trends similar to what Doug has described. In the sense that in the first couple of quarters of the year, we did see a slight softening of retention rates and a slight lengthening of sales cycle. And what that pertains to is the normalization of the sector after a couple of years of really, really elevated kind of retention rates. So, at this point, we feel the situation has normalized. They stabilized. Our retention rates remain very, very strong by historical standards, slightly less elevated than the past couple of years and business -- kind of new business momentum is now stabilized. Thank you.
Edouard Tavernier: Hi, Toni. A couple of good examples actually of what Doug was talking about in Mobility, and opportunities we're able to unlock now as part of S&P Global in partnership with S1. As Doug mentioned, Climanomics, we launched in June e-version [ph] of Climanomics, which assesses physical risk for the automotive sector, where we were able to feed all our supply chain data on the automotive sector within Climanomics platform. That's one example.  The bigger one, actually, is we are now building a carbon accounting data set for the Mobility sector. And as you know, in automotive, the key question mark is Scope 3 emissions pertaining to vehicles on the road and the upstream supply chain of the battery. In this space, we have a unique opportunity with our proprietary data to become the sort of record of carbon accounting data for the automotive industry. So, a couple of examples here about how raw data itself combined with our S1 expertise can really create some unique and defensible products.
Edouard Tavernier: Thank you, Ewout. Thank you, Doug. And just to add to what you said, I want to bring up one example of how we're thinking about innovating at scale with a new technology like generative AI. And as Doug said, our experience in earlier forms of AI and our cloud investment over the past two years, I think, puts us in good stead to harness this new technology, but I think we have to recognize there's a step change here.  And so, as we think about how do we enable our organization, one of the big strengths of our strategy is to upskill people and make sure we familiarize them with this technology. Earlier in July, within Mobility, we actually launched internal solution called autopilot, which is all about bringing the tool to hundreds of our colleagues within the Mobility division. And we've already seen dozens of use cases developed over the past two or three weeks and we learn every day from this particular solution. We learn not just about large language models, but we learn about data curation, we learn about what kind of UI do we need to develop, what kind of business governance do we need around it. And that's a great example of one of the ways in which as an organization, we're learning and we're harnessing this new technology. Thank you.
Edouard Tavernier: Thanks Jeff. So, I'll -- I can give you quite a simple answer to that question. You're right that we work with most dealerships in North America. We work with most global OEMs, and we work with most suppliers. So, in that sense, we feel quite penetrated, because we have relationships with most of the potential customers out there. But we also have a portfolio of offerings, whether it's at CARFAX, Mastermind or elsewhere. And within that portfolio, we have more mature offerings. But we have lots of fairly young offerings which have been developed over the past five or six years and which have a lot of mark-to-market penetration to go. So, if you take a look at the examples that Ewout mentioned, products like CARFAX for Life, used car listings, Mastermind or supply chain and technology are all products which have a huge amount of runway ahead of them, right? They're still younger products. They're evolving very fast. And we have a long way to go before we get to full penetration. So think of -- so if I take a step back and now think about those secular drivers, think of them as follows. We have a lot of product innovation. And from a commercial execution, we have a lot of white space with all of these offerings we've developed over the past five or six years, which are maybe 30%, 40%, 50% penetrated. And then, we have all of these secular tailwinds, which are those massive disruptions going on in the industry, which are creating demand for information. And we see we're very well positioned to capture that demand. Thank you, Jeff.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Heather. This is Ewout. Welcome first of all, to the call. So, just to be very clear about sustainability and energy transition. We're not backing away from the $800 million target. We are currently backing away from the timing around that, because we're not 100% certain anymore that we can hit that by 2026. Why? Because we are still continuing to see very positive trends with respect to the longer term secular trends around ESG. We think that all of those -- underlying drivers are still there. But in the short-term, we are impacted by some uncertainties, uncertainties about the regulatory landscape, the political climate, mostly in U.S. We're seeing some on the buy side firms reconsidering what they want to do around sustainability. But we see continued actually pocket of strength in our business. Think about our climate activities, think about ESG raw data, energy transition, all of these products continue to grow very well.  I also would like to point out that we expect a reacceleration of our sustainability and energy transition revenues growth in the second half of this year. So, growth will come back in the second half of this year. And we're still very positive and optimistic about the outlook for the medium and long-term.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yeah. Good morning, Seth. First of all, I think this is exactly in line with our expectations, the margin development in Ratings. And let me explain why that's the case. The same what we said for the company as a whole, we are seeing now also this quarter for Ratings with respect to the expense reset of incentive compensation compared to last year. Last year, in the second quarter, we saw a large change in the accrual for incentive compensation across the board, but also in Ratings, both for the short-term and the long-term incentive compensation accruals. And we are resetting that for this year based on the strong performance of the company and the strong performance of the Ratings business as well. So, we are overall very positive about the medium and long-term perspective and outlook. If you look at where we are from a trailing 12-month perspective for margin for Ratings, we're at 55.2. We're guiding this year to 56 to 57. And then as you know, we have our IR targets for 2025 and 2026, 58 to 60. So, you will continue to see strong margin improvement of Ratings over the next few periods.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Manav. You're absolutely right. Where we are with the business at this moment is exactly the same place where we thought the business would be when we had our last call in April. The business is performing in line with expectations. And the only reason why we are making the change with respect to the guidance range has to do with the short-term uncertainty around sustainability and energy transition. So, to give you a little bit more color around it. If you look at some of the key drivers of Market Intelligence, ACV growth is good. Closing rates are good. Retention rates are good. User growth is good. We see a lot of new product launches bringing to the -- being brought market by Market Intelligence. So, overall, we believe the business is in a very good shape. At the end of the day, we are very excited about the potential of Market Intelligence, particularly combining the two companies together in that segment and the potential it will have with respect to commercial growth, and we fully expect to hit our Investor Day targets for Market Intelligence.
Ewout Steenbergen: Absolutely, Faiza. And let me combine all three of your questions in one answer. So, first of all, the business is seeing very healthy flows. We have seen very strong U.S. equity flows at $53 billion. We have also seen very solid fixed income flows for the quarter. That was at $6.5 billion. So, we think the business is seeing really the positive impact from overall positive sentiments around the markets we have seen over the last couple of weeks and months. So, that's first.  Then with respect to the outlook for the remainder of the year in terms of our assumptions, we have assumed no further market depreciation from the June 30 level onwards. And we have also -- looking at the ETD volumes, we have assumed that volumes for ETDs remain at a positive place, but coming down slightly from where we were in the first half of this year.  I also would like to point out that if you look at where we ended the quarter from an overall AUM perspective, we're about 19% up compared to the point where we were at the end of the second quarter of last year. So, certainly, the starting point for the second half of this year is very strong.  If you look at mix, yeah, there is always going to be some kind of a mix in flows to certain products versus other products. We have seen that in the past as well. That will normally normalize over time. So, we think this is more short-term noise due to that flow seasonality. But from a medium and long-term perspective, we believe that there is still a correlation between AUM levels as a key driver of overall AUM fees growth for the business. So, in other words, if you combine all of these trends together, we're very happy that we could raise the guidance for the Index business for the second time in a row and we're very optimistic about the outlook for the remaining of the year for the Index business.
Ewout Steenbergen: Happy to clarify that, Alex. So, what I've said before is we think the business in all the aspects is performing in line with expectations what we had a quarter ago. So, we don't see any deterioration in any of the underlying business lines within Market Intelligence. And it is actually exactly where we thought it would be at this point in time and also with respect to the book of business, the ACV growth, retention levels, sales cycles and so on, we see exactly what we would expect to see at this moment. But as we have highlighted during the call, there is uncertainty about sustainability and energy transition, particularly ESG scores is a part of the revenue stream for the Market Intelligence business. And we are a bit prudent here deliberately in order to change the guidance here. We're not pointing to any point in this guidance range. We're just lowering the guidance at this point in time. But as we have said, we are actually really positive and optimistic about the outlook of Market Intelligence. We see a lot of positive trends underneath the business and I've mentioned those before. But let me just give another couple of examples of that. The combination of the capabilities is working. So, we're seeing a lot of new products that is in development with respect to combining Market Intelligence and financial services of IHS Markit. We see increased value realization with customers and actually a slight pickup in pricing in the business. We should also benefit from trends of consolidation of data vendors and we are one of the beneficiaries of that. So, many positive things that are positive trends for Market Intelligence. We're just really prudent, and that's the main reason around the sustainability revenues in the near-term.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Thank you so much for that question. You're absolutely right that we see quite some seasonality in margins in Market Intelligence, but by the way, also in several of our other segments during this year. And that has to do with the reason that I mentioned before around incentive compensation where we saw a large pullback in incentive compensation in the second and third quarter of last year. So, that is what we are going to lap this year. But then in the end, in the fourth quarter, we have much easier comps. And just to give you a data point for the company as a whole, that would mean that we are expecting from an expense perspective that expenses for the company as a whole for this year will still end up in low single digit growth territory for the company as a whole. So, you would expect there for that reason that the fourth quarter margins are going to be really strong. And the expense growth in the fourth quarter is going to be really low in order to achieve those outcomes.  So, also, let me give you another data point in terms of margin expansion for the company as a whole. We still expect 60 to 160 basis points margin expansion for the company as a whole. And for Market Intelligence, you're also looking at quite a significant increase in margins over the next two quarters from a trailing 12-month level now of 32.4 to a range of 33.5 to 34.5 for the whole year of 2023. So, yeah, third quarter, still a little bit depressed by the expense seasonality, but fourth quarter very strong margins and expenses really low. That's the overall trend that you should expect for Market Intelligence and the other divisions.
Ewout Steenbergen: Tom, one of the things that I'm really excited about is that on the one hand, we have Kensho, which is a relatively small group, but really an innovation accelerator within the company. And then we have all of our colleagues around the world, because we have so many data scientists, technology engineers, data experts, experts in a lot of specific areas and fields around the company. And you have to bring all of those together in order to get the acceleration with the opportunities that generative AI and large language models are bringing for us as a company. So, Kensho is focusing on a couple of areas that will have the biggest impact for the company as a whole. This could be use cases that we are developing. But also think about collecting the data and structuring the data in token sets that are the best readable for large language models. And that's actually, from a technical perspective, a really important challenge.  But the good thing is Kensho has been doing that kind of work already for the last five years. We have experience we're working with AI for the last five years. We know how to prioritize this for the last five years. We know how to track the economic benefits and we have been doing that for the last five years. So, we have a lot of experience around dealing with this, and we're not trying to invent this for the first time at this moment. But then on the other hand, we also have the crowdsourcing. So, we have a lot of colleagues that are contributing to these kind of initiatives to collect data for large language models and many other initiatives we are experimenting across the board. So, let me hand it over to Edouard, because there's also a lot of great experimentation and development going on in Mobility.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thanks Alex. Just generally, I would like to say expenses are under control. They are in line with expectations. And we expect the overall expense growth for the full year to be relatively modest.  So, let me give you a little bit more color around this. So, the key driver of the expense growth this quarter was a swing in the incentive compensation that we already discussed. As I mentioned, also expect that to create elevated expenses in the third quarter, and then we will see it significantly coming down in the fourth quarter. We still expect to hit our margin targets for this year. And as I said before, I think it's also may be good to point that overall we're looking at expenses in absolute dollars that are on a declining trend. So, we have now seen two quarters in a row that in absolute dollars, our expense is coming down. And actually, the third quarter, we expect sequentially further that our expenses will be down relative to the second quarter. So, very much in line with expectations.  Your question about what is going into the growth bucket? It's a couple of areas that go in the growth bucket. The first is our strategic investment spend. So that is the $150 million budget that we have for this year to invest in some of our key initiatives to drive future growth. The second is the additional spend with respect to cloud and also the additional usage of GPUs for our gen AI developments that we are buying for our cloud providers. And then the third, that is the BAU growth. So, these are costs related to BAU growth. Think, for example, about additional data that we have to purchase for product development within our divisions. So, those elements go into the growth bucket. But overall, we don't see that really as an expense. We see that as an investment in the future and future growth for our businesses.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Let me give you a couple of additional data points in addition to what Doug said. If you think about the expenses for the index business, actually this is the only division where the growth initiatives were a little bit higher than the incentive compensation we said. And that's for a good reason. Because as Doug highlighted, there are so many areas of growth initiatives in our index business. Think about fixed income data that we can sell together with the indices itself, multi-asset class, sustainability, factor based thematics, Kensho and so on and so forth. But the most important thing here is, as we have told you at our Investor Day, this is going to be a business that we are committed to deliver double-digit growth in 2025 and 2026 at a level of margins in the high 60s. So, of course, phenomenal outlook for this business, given all the growth initiatives. So, we think it's the right thing to do to invest into this business line, both in fixed income, but also many of the other categories that I just mentioned. So, thanks Russell.
