Chip Merritt: Thanks, Ewout. Just a couple of instructions for our phone participants, please press Star 1 to indicate that you wish to enter the queue to ask a question. To cancel or withdraw your question, simply press Star 2. I would kindly ask that you limit yourself to two questions; that's two questions, in order to allow time for other callers during today's Q&A session. If you've been listening through a speaker phone, but would like to now ask a question, we ask that you lift your handset prior to pressing Star 1 and remain on the handset until your question has been answered. This will ensure better sound quality. Operator, we'll now take our first question.
Chip Merritt: Yeah, I don't know the very exact numbers, but a few quarters ago in our slide that we gave you a price chart which shows you the break down market intelligence cost by - customers and was roughly pretty evenly split between four categories. One of the categories that people don't think about a lot is corporates and others. So you know the corporate and accounting firms and consulting firms [indiscernible] those folks may buy not look at this specifically, but those kind of firms. Then that chunk with sell side, a chunk with buy side, a chunk within private equity. So please go look at that chart may, might exact figures, but take pick up that chart.
Chip Merritt: Yeah, so on the first quarter call, we shared some specifics with you, and once again I don't - how appropriate I think they were, but in the U.S. four or five years ago, we were up about 34% in the first quarter we were around 93%. And then when you got to Europe three or four years ago, we were down around 40% and got around 70% somewhere in there, but I encourage you to go look at first quarter slide. We might share that plot again, I didn't feel like putting it in there every quarter, but at least give you a sense for the really the big share gain, not taking share away from a competitor, but just more and more bank loans are rated.
Douglas Peterson: Peter thanks for the question, good morning. We continue to be committed to improving our margins and at the same we are investing the businesses we think that obviously one of the best indicators of improving our margins is to keep growing the top line. We have invested in however approaching commercial markets, we put in place commercial heads of all of our businesses we are working towards looking at the best ways to penetrate markets and then improve our top line growth, but at the same time we are also committed to managing our expenses in a way that are professional as well as appropriate for our business growth. So we continue to be believe that we can improve our margins, we have thought about a lot about this and it's something that we think that we can still do.
Douglas Peterson: Joseph, thank you for that, this is Dough let me just give you a couple of quick thoughts about that. As I just mentioned to Peter, we continue to look at top line growth as the best way to drive our margin improvements and we don't have necessarily projections for each segment, but our guidance is adjusted. Operating margins about 46% to 47% that you just saw in the slide that Ewout presented. In the ratings business over the long run we inspired to the low 50% range. We are continuing to look at how we can drive productivities through investments in IT, but maintain our quality, our controls and our analytical excellence in the market in commodities space we've got a high 30% margin over the next couple of years. We are continuing to complete the synergy program as well as the other approach to commercial discipline in IT investments as in ratings. And then in index, we don't really have a specific target in the index business. AUM levels and derivative activities in some ways are out of our control, but we are continuing to invest in the business and due target - in the extent we have it targeted. It's maintaining in the same kind of a range, but we are not giving a specific target for the index business.
Douglas Peterson: There is a couple of things on the tax reform. Obviously if the overall tax rate is reduced that would - we will be a beneficiary of a lower rate. We have been able to have a few benefits here and there and we're in this 30% range we used to be at the more of the 31% and 32% range. But if the corporate tax rate went down to 20%, we will have a very positive impact. There is other provisions which have been mentioned in the past like non-deductablity of interest expense, we have look at that carefully, we see what that might do to the debt markets. We think that there could be some potential impact to debt markets from that, but at the same time debt is the most important capital market in the United States and it's a way the corporations finance themselves and provide more leverage and better returns to their shareholders. But these are still - most of this specific details of the tax reform are really not known yet and as they become known we are going to be looking those, but based on what we know now, net-net we would probably get some benefits from the tax reform based on the provisions that we have seen.
Douglas Peterson: Tony, let me take the first part of that question. On the first part of the question as you know we are slowly moving towards changing our contracts with customers to an enterprise wide contract which means that you have agreement with your organization and they can bring on its many users as possible. So as we move more, more of our contracts enterprise wide that means that there are - you open up the ability for anybody in that has approached using a license to use products and services so that's where you see the number of desk tops increasing and it's a good leading indicator for us in the future where we are going to be. We are negotiating contracts overtime as the usage goes up its gives us the ability to think about how we can get pricing increases over time on that. And Chip has some more numbers specifically about the different segments of who the users are.
Douglas Peterson: Well that the two aspects, the first in the US that's clearly interested in Washington and I have no idea what the term could be for GST reform, which might eventually change the dynamic of the R&BS market. The R&BS market in the US is gotten to be quite small, but in the last quarter, there was less the $12 billion of issuance of R&BS securities. So, there might be at some point, some reform there, but I'm not going to hold my breath for it. In Europe you know that Mario Draghi has spoken many times about wanting to revitalize the securitization market in Europe and they do think, to be some progresses, see more structured credits, this quarter they were $14.2 billion worth of CLO's and other type of structured credits. And we do see some interest in Europe to have a more robust securitization market, particularly because, it frees up capital on corporate and thinking down sheets, so that they can be re-invested in other type of activities and as well as provides more inventory for the securities markets and moves away from more terminal and banking market. So, I've had a lot of discussions with this with different central bankers and policy makers, but, there is no specific plans innovate that I've seen. And in the US the biggest market could get at least, if you saw the R&BS market, opening up again, but I don't see any timeline for that.
Douglas Peterson: Thank you, Hamzah. Well first of all, when it comes to Midrid 2, we are obviously looking very carefully at this, there are sort of different in's and out's from this, and there is a lot of new discussions about this today related to how the US players are going to be able to deliver intelligence and research into the European market. So, first of all from our point of view, a direct point of view, we're providing research in data and analytics that is already paid for with hard dollars. When somebody gets the subscription to our products and services we are already paying for them, with a, to a subscription that is paid for with hard dollars, Euros, pounds whatever the currency is. And we are not part of the unbundling loops that is going to take place from the institutional self-side research analysis or now typically ramped in their soft dollars, which is part of a training credits or some sort of a training system. So, from a direct point of view, we don't think we are going to see any impact or business. Second, as the market does become unbundled and you see new ways for research to be delivered, our platform at market intelligence can be used by the investor banks to deliver research and we can do in a way that we are able to track usage, we are able to track how many times of different reports are opened, so that they can be charged, we can set up subscription approaches and we can do that and reach out to different types of investors and analysts that are using the kind of research we have today. Clearly the biggest question that's been coming up when I meet with you and your colleagues and peers is that, wilt her be any kind of negative impact on the research projects? And we don't know if that's going to, what kind of a potential make us impact it could be if there is a squeezing of research budgets and organizations have to look carefully about how they want to spend, how they want to spend their hard dollars overtime, if there is going to be any negative impact there. Well generally speaking, we are watching this very carefully, we're going to understand what it means for us, but, there is no direct impact initially.
Douglas Peterson: Well first of all, our expectation right now for oil, is that it's going to be in a range somewhere in the $50 to $60 range, but, let's say $45 to $60 is the expectation that we have right now. At $45 you see people pulling up production when it gets into the mid 50s, people, sorry when you get there in the 40s, in the low 40s people stop producing, get into the 50s, 55, 60s people start producing more, you get more supply coming in. so, we've seen this dynamically, so we have a much more stable oil price. We've been growing portfolio of services that can allow us to provide all the way from the exploration and the well head to the refinery onto the product, with a combination of crude oil analytics, of refinery analytics, of shipping etcetera and we are just starting to see the promise of putting those businesses together to start growing. So, we think the plats in the overtime in the couple of different buckets, one is obviously the different acid classes and sales of petroleum, natural gas, energy, plastic, petrochemicals etcetera. And then the other is pricing and GTS, that go with trained services and secondarily the trade flow analytics and data products. And we are investing in all of those to see if we can grow our subscription businesses overtime and make this one of our growing businesses. But, we do see this stability should be beneficial to the business, but I can't initially forecast what that's going to mean for us in the future.
Douglas Peterson: Good morning, Manav. We look at the LNG business as one that's - which is really a long-term investment for us. I don't know if I could say that the contributions are going to be high over the next few quarters. I don't even know how long it will take to get there. But when it comes to development of a global market, this is one that we are investing in because we think it will become a significant global market. If you go back just about two years ago, the price of the BTU of LNG was $4 in Louisiana and $16 in Japan because there was no very unified markets through LNG but as the LNG terminals get built up around the world, cost for liquefaction and de-liquefaction and in particular with Korea, South Korea and Japan being the two largest importers over time, we really think this will develop into a global market and we would like to be on the ground floor. So right now we see it more as an investment market where we are buying the right kind of and building the right kind of capabilities to serve this market. And overtime it should get bigger and we hope it becomes one of our areas of growth.
Douglas Peterson: One of the things that I would also point out, it's not a Science what I am going to tell you, but it is a way that the bankers as well as issuers think about it. If you look at a combination of bank loan rate of high-yield bond proceeds and CLOs together, you will get a pretty good picture of what's happening in the high-yield markets because they are substitutes - somebody who couldn't go to the bond market, they could go to the bank loan market and they could also - the banks could securitize their loans and the CLOs. And when you look at those different volumes that's what - that's the way I look at the overall high-yield market, its different pieces. And clearly with the liquidity in the banking market in particularly in Europe and then in the United States with the access to the CLO markets for its banks and then there is a lot of investors who have also been interested in floating rate exposure as opposed to fixed rate exposure especially over the last few quarters. It's a combination of all of those factors that has driven such high activity in the bank loan rating market, and we do believe that we have a good penetration there and that we are one of the rating agencies that's a go-to rating agencies for that type of activity.
Douglas Peterson: What I would say is that it's two answers. The first answer when it comes to progress on getting the Project Simplify and pilots were making excellent progress with rolling it out across different practices and at some point, where we are going to be moving into the largest practices, where we are going to be rolling ourselves. So up until now, the philosophy is simplification and standardization of building an embedded control and thinking about an end to end data collection all the way to the publishing process has been really good work and the overall design progress, the piloting progress and how it is moving has been quite good. When it comes to the thing on the financial impact on it, it's starting to leak in, it's not a big driver of expense right now, but over time it's something that we will start becoming more significant, but as of now it has not been an important driver of expenses going down.
Douglas Peterson: Jeff this is Doug, that's essentially a bit of a theoretical question, but the mid-50s or the low 50s is a medium-term goal, not necessarily a long-term goal. Clearly, there are flows of issuance that we benefit from sometimes when there is higher flows we are going to benefit from as the part of our revenue stream which is the transaction based revenue and from the point of the view of - if there is a quarter that doesn't do very well and you have heard me say this many times before that we could easily see a quarter or two or even more where there is weak issuance and our top line is not as strong as it has been and the mathematical calculation of that could lead to a lower margin. So theoretically to your question you could feel lower margin but when it comes to how we manage our expenses and how we are managing our business overall, we are very conscious of improving our performance, improving our margins. But theoretically from your question, there could be some quarters that the top line growth is very meek, and it could hit our margin.
Douglas Peterson: Okay, yes. So thanks for that. First of all, this is something that our fixed income research team in Ratings, they do this report few times a year. And the basis of this report is a combination of analysis of what is the refinancing pipeline. So what we are seeing in terms of maturities that are coming through and all of the different bond markets in the world. It's also a combination of looking at what's the expectations are for growth in the world. And there is one big wild card this year which is something I mentioned in prepared remarks about monetary policy and what kind of impact that could have. So just in terms of couple of the key components, first of all when it comes to issuance forecast in 2018 overall, it's for about a - basically flat, let's call it overall flat even though it might be around you know about 1%, but generally speaking it's flat. It's a combination of looking at financial services issuance, which is going to be up about 5%, structured finance up about 5%, U.S. public finance down about 7% and then overall globally corporate should be down a little bit based off of the maturity profile that's out there. And as a result of that, you see that the overall forecast is as I said flat up maybe you know about 1% to 2%. When it comes to GDP growth rate, our team is forecasting GDP growth rate next year on the global scale about 3.6% with the U.S. in the lows two's around 2.2%, 2.3%. We are also expecting that there will be three 25 basis point interest rate increases in the U.S. as the U.S. Fed Reserve starts to normalize monetary policy further and that's also something which is going to play in the market. We don't necessarily think that there is going to be an increase in December but those three will most likely be next year. And that in Europe, there might be a slowdown or a potential paper of the purchase of bonds in the European market. So again these are all of the different factors that we look at maturities, we look at what's happening with overall with the interest rate, the base rate interest rates in the global market's expected growth. And the growth in the global economy is actually pretty good right now. There is only six countries around the world including Venezuela, they are not growing. And it's been a long time we have seen sequential coordinated growth across the entire global economy especially after coming out of financial crisis. So all of those generally give us a pretty positive, or benign to positive environment, and we look at that when we are preparing this forecast.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, so first one we talked about and we were very specific about this quarter was the bank loan ratings and that's something when we talk about issuance we are including the bank loan rating market. That's - when we talk about issuance we are talking about fixed income instruments that are issued by governments, by financial institutions, by corporates, by municipal et cetera. And so the first really one of the important elements was the growth in bank loan rating. The second is in terms of the mix. When sovereign is an example was down about 11% but we don't get a lot of income from sovereign. It's not an area that drives a lot of our income growth. In addition, there is industrial side in the U.S. the corporate issuance was up 6.5% and that for us is one of the key drivers. The corporates are those that go-to market, they pay us the ongoing issuer fees as well as how they are going to the market. There is also an addition, maybe the commercial paper market was strong in the last quarter with a lot of issuance there that maybe again hasn't really picked up. But think about for us the industrial corporate markets in U.S. were up 6.5%, financial services up 9% and despite the downturn in Europe in corporates and financial services, those were offset by the U.S. issuance. And then secondarily, CMBS and CLOs were up in both markets, in the Europe and the U.S. So it's been about the components, corporate issuance, financial institutional issuance and the world's largest capital markets in the U.S. and then structured finance issuance in Europe and the U.S. both in CMBS and CLOs, both of those up. Those are the components that drove the increase despite the total market being down.
Douglas Peterson: First of all thank you for the question. If you look at the instead of slide 9, if you look at slide 10, this gives you a view of what are the majorities over this following years and next 10 years at the end of each of these periods and that I think is the way to look at what is the potential growth of this market. I am not going to say that you can never predict what's going to happen in the future, but this just gives you a view of in 2011 when I joined the company, I could see from having worked in a bank setup, the bank loan market was going to actually expand and we put a major focus on this in 2011 when I joined the ratings business, because I knew from coming from the banking world, but this is going to be a major focus of the banks given the kind of capital allocation and risk capital approaches that were being imposed from the regulators. And so we have seen now that over the last seven or eight years we have seen a 11 % triggered growth in that what you consider to be the majority if are going to call that the next 8 years were the majorities. The mix of this - this is the U.S. leveraged loan market on this slide. So this doesn't give you the European piece of that, but the European piece of this we look at that as the markets get more sophisticated and as the bank loan market gets more sophisticated that benefits us with the CLO markets as well as bank loan rating. But also as those many of those bank loan ratings turn into issuance they move from a bank loan into a bond issue that also benefits us as well. And remember one of thing typically the leveraged loan market are double the plus or lower rated issuers which is the non-investment grade or the speculate type of issuance which is also one where we typically get a better type of the fee profile in the investment grade. So we look at this overall as it is really important area for us to stay close to, to watch the evolution in the mix between the different types of markets, loan markets, CLOs and non-investment grade its I think it's all kind of wrapped up into one broader type of non-investment grade market. And we think that one of the really good stories for last few years has been the leveraged loan market.
Douglas Peterson: Great, thank you. Well, let me close the call by thanking everyone for being on the call today. I think that consistent overall was how we have been doing this year. We delivered another very strong quarter and as you have heard throughout from our commentary as well as the questions and answers we are committed to continue to improve our margins. It's something that is important to us to have expense discipline, but at the same time also deliver high quality, highly valued relevant products to the markets. Whether it's things we have talked about over the years the strength we already have in industries and commodities and markets intelligence and ratings or at areas that we started growing in related to supply chain analytics in the energy industries whether it's the ESG products and climate and green evaluation areas where we also see a lot of relevance for us to create new standards as the markets continue to evolve. And we thank you very much again for all of your questions and we look forward to interacting with you as we approach the end of the year and we will be back on this call in about three months. Thank you very much.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Peter. If you have heard us speaking last quarter with respect to our capital philosophy and targets, that is a new frame work we have set out to you our investors that hopefully provides clear guidance on our expectation with respect to capital return. Our balance sheet, share buy backs, our dividends and also leverage expectations for the future. What we have said is that we want to be investment great overall and that our adjusted growth leverage should be in the range of 1.75 to 2.25 versus our adjusted EBITDA. This quarter we are at 2.0 so just at the midpoint of the range and therefore a very comfortable where we are with respect to leverage at this point in time.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Conor. This is Ewout. Of course we have taken notice of that report and overall our expectation that those particular professions or proposals should not impact the S&P global. As you would see it's very much in between data providers of equity markets and broker dealers and the charge of data feeds from the equity markets. We are facilitating some of those through our platforms, but the end those are direct to relationships in terms of intellectual property between the exchangers and the broker dealers. So overall, we don't believe that will have an impact on the companies and therefore we are very comfortable that the company will have similar growth expectations in the future not impacted by this report.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yeah, at this point in time, our foreign cash is focused on permanent reinvestments overseas. So that is the starting point. We might reconsider those plans when there is a change in tax profession and that could be repatriation, but we need to discuss at that point in time when we have the tax. So it might be that we reconsider our permanents reinvestments, plans we have today, but we need to see what will come out of the new tax regulation and we need to decide at that point in time.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning Tony. Let me just give you a little bit of color on the performance overall clearly this was not such a great quarter when it comes to issuance the global issuance was down almost 7% overall, but as usual there is a mix balance that we always look out to see where there might be sources of strength for the type of performance we had on the top line. In U.S. the corporate were up about 6.5% the financial services were up 9%. You know the public finance is down about 19%, but a combination of the corporate to financial services what we saw overall with some strength in the public and the - the structured finance area, there was a CMBS strength, it was up as 46% for the quarter as well as structured credit which was mostly CLOs that was up over a 100%. So truly the mix of what we saw that we benefited from and then as you know this quarter we had the first slide we showed you was bank loan ratings because that's been a very positive story for the market overall. The bank loan market has been strong through a combination of banks activities with their own balance sheets and then securitizations to go eventually sometimes into the CLO market. And it's a combination of all of that that is driven our top line growth.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning Alex. This is Ewout. So we are very encouraged by the trends of moving to enterprise wide contracts. As you know that is an exclusive strategy of markets intelligence and we think that's good for the customers and good for S&P global. So let me give you a little bit of more color around that about one third of the previous capital like few customers are now come forwarded the plan in ultimately to continue to bring the whole customer set to enterprise wide contracts and we believe that's a good developments because it ultimately - it means that when one of our customers is adding new employees, new analysts they can all be added to the platform without any additional costs. And, still it will increase usage, it will increase embedding into the models, we like to see that number of 13% increase in usage, we think ultimately more users is always a positive in the long term. So, overall this is an explicit strategy, we believe we provide value for the platform, we look as you know from the enterprise wide conflicts very much to actually usage, and we try to make an estimate of the edit value for the customers. How much that's embedded into the work close. So, there's a difference between a customer that is looking at a more high-level data sources, others that go in very deep prefatory intelligence and therefore there are some difference changes in terms of the price setting. But overall, we believe that the product is well priced, is competitive in the market, is heading functionality and that is the main drive behind the growth in users and the best of revenue.
Ewout Steenbergen: Hey good morning, this Ewout. So, let me first tell you about the big picture perspective have on this business and then I will provide a little bit more color, so overarching we think we can grow a business that has margins mid 60% range, mid 60% by 14% revenue growth during the quarter, that's a very good development and that creates a lot of economic value, for our shareholders. I have specific reasons why there was a 190 base point decrease in margins for indices this quarter. The first reason is, the addition of True cost on average is driving the margin down but truly that's a good investment and a capability that will help future growth. And secondly, there are some foreign related expenses, we think about certain royalties we have to pay where there is a revenue element on the one hand but then an offset on the expense line with respect to the royalty. So that is also having a slight impact on margins. But taken altogether, we believe that this is a business that we are able to grow, and the future is still at that mid-60% margin level in a very healthy way. So certainly we expect to continue to do that and will invest intelligently also in future growth in the Indices business.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yeah, good morning. This is Ewout. Overall, we believe that there is a lot of opportunity to further expand the margins in Market Intelligence. You have seen very healthy growth with respect to revenues. So that is one side of the story and we believe we were talking before about the active users of the platforms. Ultimately that will help to drive up the revenues of the desktop in the future. Secondly, we believe there's opportunities for efficiencies, we are still working on the SNL integration. We will get back to you with an update at yearend where we are with those synergies, but we have all the reason to believe that we will be able to hit the target with respect to synergies we put out to you at the point of the acquisition but also at the beginning of this year. And lastly, if I look at the overall year-over-year trailing 12 months margin improvement; I am looking at 420 basis points margin improvement year-over-year. So we think that is a clear indication that we are on the right track. Again, growing the top line harder and higher than the expense line in the future, we will continue to derive the margins up.
Ewout Steenbergen: So let me build on Doug's answer. The other side there is we are staying very tight and disciplined with expenses. So particularly in this period with revenues going up, we don't want the expense line to go up too much. As you have seen, we have even announced a restructuring in Ratings at this point in time. So the benefit of that is when there will be some headwinds at some point in the future that we have an expense base that can withstand that in a healthy way. So certainly at that particular point that on the expense side, we continue to be very disciplined, and that should help in a theoretical scenario as you described.
Ewout Steenbergen: So make sure we are clear, make sure - the products have not been combined yet just the commercial agreement, okay. All the SNL clients were already on enterprise-wide. So they were already there.
Ewout Steenbergen: I think where you see it, I don't have the numbers at my fingertips but there is one way you can see it occurs in a proxy is to go back to our slides and look at the part of our Ratings, which is what was transaction revenue versus what was, let me just find that slide if I could. Yes, so if you look at on slide 26 of our slides, the non-transaction revenue increased 7% and that is driven partially by the new issuers that come on that pay us for entity rating. So that would be the one area I would say that you could look at for proxy. Otherwise I think it would be better if Chip call it up a bit later with some more specific data on that question.
