Doug Peterson: Thank you and welcome. Welcome to the call, I think this is your first time on our call. And so first of all, the market intelligence business is advancing quite well as you heard from some of the statistics that I provided and some of the examples. Related specifically to your question about selling environment, I'll just be clear that we continue to progress faster on cost synergies than we do on sale synergies. But we are finding some early wins -- we're finding more wins in Asia right now that we are necessarily in Europe. I mean this is where we're able to either sell SNL products into Asia customers who are using the former Cap IQ salesforce. Or we're funding opportunities where we've integrated the services together between Cap IQ and SNL and also delivering them into Asia. The selling environment is mixed as you know, there still are a lot of financial institutions that is one large part of our customer interface that are reducing headcount, they are reducing some of their -- specifically, trading and front office people. On the other hand on the back office and areas like compliance, controlled risk management, and also some more traditional consumer banking and commercial banking activities, there continue to be increase in headcount. So the environment is mixed with some consolidation and shrinking happening, and on the other hand increase in demand for risk management, for other sorts of tool. So we're seeing a mixed market but we are continuing to have a very, very strong sales effort. Our sales team has integrated excellent in a big way that's very well integrated, and they've got a new commercial approach like reaching out to clients in a much more consolidated organized way, and we're starting to see a top line growth coming out of the synergies as well.
Doug Peterson: This is Doug, thanks for the comments. And to start off with -- as you know, we've been engaging in a commercial approach to running our business with hiring of Krik Hoise [ph] for the last year to lead our commercial activities. We've approached our clients in a way that gives us a broad relationship oriented approach where we're looking at ways to broaden our coverage, including products like loans, ratings, RES etcetera. So we're looking across that as well as looking at our contract terms. One of the areas where we also had very strong in this quarter was in Asia. Just to give you a color on the issuance in Asia, it was up in across the board in every category. In fact, total issuance in Asia this quarter was greater than total issuance in United States if you include sovereign issuers; sovereign issuers are not necessarily an area that there is a lot of profitability on but even so the total issuance in Asia for the first time outgrew the total issuance in the U.S. In the U.S. as you know, the issuance was down overall, in corporate 7%, financial institutions is down, while in Asia the corporates who have 32% and financial institutions were up 84%. So it was a combination of our sales approach, our relationship management approach, more penetration and looking at how we're working on contracts and then very importantly, the volume in Asia.
Doug Peterson: That language refers to the types of engagements that we have with our customers. We have many, many different pricing approaches across the globe where one of the biggest things you're going to hear from us, from our ratings business over and over this term simplify, we have projects to simplify our workflow, we've been investing in technology simplifier workflow that also brings with a combination of better control, better process management; and then also in many cases lower expenses. So on that side we're having a lot of focus and on the top line we're also looking at ways to simplify our pricing model to revisit our contracts that we've had with customers for very long time that provided relationship pricing that we want to recalibrate to markets so there is much larger issuance. So it's a combination of factors but the top line growth, some of that has been driven by approach to how we look at our pricing and even though we're simplifying it, it has had some benefits and also going up.
Doug Peterson: I guess what I'd say -- first of all, our number one and number two priorities are; number one is to continue with the integration of SNL, that is something that's critical for us; as you know, we've made a very large investment in that. And even though we've had -- we're off to a great start it doesn't mean we're going to take our eye off the ball on that one. And number two is to smoothly complete the exit of J.D. Power which has been going well but we want to make sure that we complete in a way that's very organized and executed well everything we started. Putting those two aside though, you mentioned tuck-ins there, we continue to look at opportunities, we're not going to shut things out but if we believe that there would be opportunities that might have incremental value to our Company by adding capabilities or products or sales or operations or geographies that might enhance our ability to create value, we might look at those but we're always going to look at those in combination with what the financial returns are and how that looks for the long run. And then also do we have the capacity and management skills and capabilities to absorb and take over those businesses. So we have our eyes open, and you know our normal philosophy about our capital waterfall, and so we do look at things but nothing to report on.
Doug Peterson: Let me start and see if Jack has anything to add. We're still looking for long term, we have looked at this business, it's a very attractive growth machine for us. We expect that over the long run it's going to be growing in low double-digit range, it's something we're looking for. This last quarter there were combination of factors that potentially growth came down a little bit, again, it has to do with the overall financial institutions market with some of the downsizing that firms had done inside of the organization. And we're looking continue to see how we can drive that growth and the main factor over the last quarter just related to the slowdown in some of the headcount and financial institutions.
Doug Peterson: I think the impact on the margins in the quarter was largely driven by more J.D. Power than Platts, it's from some expense timing at J.D. Power. So that was actually a bigger driver than anything really at Platts. And in couple of quarters J.D. Power will be out in numbers and it will be -- we'll have a clear view of the quarter-to-quarter performance in Platts.
Doug Peterson: Craig, I think from a longer term point of view, from the benchmarking we've done relative to other similar companies, I think I'll be reluctant to put out a target of high 30s. I do think though with growth, with scale, with realization of incremental synergies that has been identified for 2017 and 2018, we do see a path to margin extension but I think from a longer term point of view, we'd more in sort of a mid-30's range versus a high 30s.
Doug Peterson: Yes, there is a couple of things driving it in addition to FX. One of them is, if you recall about year and a half ago, we had undertaken a couple of programs to rebalance our sales force, as well as rebalance our analytical force globally. We also had some programs where we slowed down some hiring, so some of that's just coming through from straight headcount and straight changes to the way that we are managing the business, so those continue to go through. But one of the major areas, if you recall last year in the first half of the year we had the final resolution of some of the disputes and losses we had the U.S. government in 20 states, as well as some private litigation. There had been some residual expenses related to that and then we also have been engaged in the full blown implementation of the Dodd-Frank rules which kicked-in in June 2015. And in order to implement that we had engaged some outside help from some consultant firms and risk management experts, etcetera. So those are the legal fees related to -- those have tapered off in the second quarter, and then some of those external consulting fees and other advisory fees, those are gone. And so we think that we're approaching a more sustainable level of expenses going forward, although I would point out that with some of our programs we do continue to invest in technology, that's critical for us. And as we simplify the business, we will be investing technology; and here and there we are going to invest in talented people so -- but we do think that some of those extraordinary expenses such as clinge [ph] now clear through.
Doug Peterson: The way I think about it is -- there is necessarily an appropriate level. We have a commitment as well as an operating philosophy across the entire company that we're going to always look for continuous improvement and continuous upside. One of the biggest determinants of our margins are going to also be top line growth. That's one of the reasons that we also have a big focus across the entire company and also in ratings on commercial activities which are the things I'd mentioned before on needs they're selling relationship approach to selling deeper penetration, broadening customer product coverage, looking at contracts pricing etcetera. So it is a combination of how well we do on growing the top line that is going to have an impact on it. And if we can have some of that incremental sales drop to the bottom line, taking advantage of our scale. I guess long answer to the question but we continue to be committed to driving growth in our margin through continuous improvement, both from top line activities, as well as finding ways to continue being more efficient on our cost basis.
Doug Peterson: What it implies is that we had some of contract have been basically become stale or become quite old and we needed to go back and just look at the level of compensation we had been receiving for the type of activities that we were providing and the benefits we're providing for the issuance. I'd also say that another aspect has to do with how do we look at these long-term relationship contracts in the context of the size of issuance that had been undertaken originally when these contracts were put out versus what kind of issuance we see today. So there have been opportunities, this is something that we're going to continue to look at but it's based off of generally speaking, better coverage and better relationship management, those go hand-in-hand.
Doug Peterson: The CMBS pipeline has actually been quite weak. The CMBS issuance is down over 60% in the second quarter. There were 10 transactions that were completed, we were on one of them and we continued to crawl our way back into that market. The pipeline now -- right now is actually quite weak, it's a trend that started off in the first quarter, I mean the first and second quarters continued in CMBS. So we do -- we have hired and great team, we tooled our approach to the business over the last couple of years, and it's our hope that we get included on more and more deals on the CMBS market overtime. We do continue to rate many of the single borrower transactions but those also have been quite weak during the quarter.
Doug Peterson: I pointed two things. One, compared to Q1 -- Q1 was normally terrific growth quarter for our global trading services. It was up quite considerably in the first quarter, we still had very nice growth in that area, it's only 10% in the mix. But we saw very nice growth in the second quarter but it just wasn't quite stacked [ph] as what we saw in Q1. So it wasn't as accretive as we saw previously. It's still a challenging market out there in terms of the profit -- the profit pressure is not enough on the commodity space. We're still going growth but it may be constant to point or two.
Doug Peterson: Let me just give you a little bit about -- nobody's asked this question yet but since I'm prepared for it, I'll say a couple of factors that are beyond assets related to the overall issuance markets going forward, as you know from what we just gave you, we do see that there is going to be a reduction in the overall issuance for 2016 but if you look forward further, I mean you look at the 2016 -- looking out for to 2020 or so, there are two factors we're looking at. One of them is total debt markets, including bank loans which we don't necessarily rate. The market is large with independent growth by trillions of dollars, in fact it could stand over the next five years to $73 trillion market including a large increase in China. We do think that there is an increase in the combination of refinancing as well as new financing going into that. We are targeting through all of our business in market intelligence, couple of businesses there and then also in rating; more and more penetration of loan markets and through models and things like that. So we look at the size of the markets and how they're growing longer term and just the next quarter. Over the rest of the year though we do think that there is large amount of debt maturing between now and 2021, the issuance -- the maturations over the rest of the year are actually not that strong, that's why we see the full year down about 3.8%. We're concerned about the Brexit, what kind of impact that might have on issuance. U.S. interest rates and global interest rate outlooks have been quite volatile and they're changing all the time. So in the short run we usually expect possible volatility as you've seen, as you track this business; quarterly issuance can go up and down but with a very long run five year view we see some very large numbers, $73 trillion overall corporate debt market which includes bank loans. And then through 2021, $10.3 trillion in debt maturity, that's actually publicly issued debt. So we do see that there is a lot of activity, we're trying to build our business around this and trying to expand it beyond just being a single leading approach to the market, looking at bank loan rating, RES, different types of loan evaluation services, etcetera. So this is a big area for us to focus our strategy going forward.
Doug Peterson: I think the leading indicators could be higher oil prices. It's probably -- I'm giving you an unscientific answer but if I were going to look at what are -- what's one of the most important correlations to overall volume as well as activity, it has to do with the price of oil. As you know, as we dropped into a very low oil price certainly this year even though it's recovered somewhat, there were lot of -- people at the industry -- you had a large increase in the falls from bankruptcies in the U.S. in particularly, in different types of oil businesses. So probably getting a higher price of oil would be the largest factor that could bump up growth to the double-digit range if that was still possible. We have still been growing quite steadily in the mid-single, mid to high single digit range despite this because it's still such a demand of information and for our prices embedded in different kinds of contracts but double-digit range would require more than just -- would require lot of work for us but in particular for the price of oil to be a lot higher.
Doug Peterson: It's just sort of -- primary driver would be first this level of overall debt issuance because that's probably the first and the second most important driver. There could be a little bit of impact from what goes on with fund flow relative to U.S. equity markets that could impact our indices business. But now we have pretty good revenue visibility outside of debt issuance because so much of our business today is recurring revenue subscription base.
Doug Peterson: We have a resource model that takes everything you just mentioned in terms of our forecasting. We are able to manage the staffing level through attrition if we needed to and we're also able to manage it through our bonus pool, our bonus accruals, if that was something we needed to look at to ensure that we're accruing according to the kind of level of staffing we have, as well as level of activity. So those are two of the most important levers. But we've built a way that we've got some flexibility as well by having analysts that are spread around the globe, they're not all concentrated in London and New York. Despite the Brexit being a concern for us, we do have significant staffing and other European cities including Frankfurt and Paris and Madrid. We also get support from our partner CRISIL in India, they are part of the overall flows, some of the aspect to work for process of crunching numbers etcetera. So we have various variables we use to manage that and that's part of what John Burris Curtis [ph] is doing great job at.
Doug Peterson: This is an interim process that could take a while. There was no low hanging fruit. This is something that's not -- it's very important for us to proceed from a relationship point of view and we hope that there is continues steady penetration of more products, more services to our customers as I mentioned. There is now league table for loan ratings and this is another area that we're trying to do more and more of it. We think also around the globe as most markets are more bank markets as oppose to loan markets. We're trying to penetrate with more services in that area as well. So this is something that we hope we can see continuous improvement in growth on the top line from many, many different factors, it's not just the contract terms.
Doug Peterson: We have good relationships with our customers and as you can imagine anytime when you want to renegotiate contract terms, it's never, it's not always easy.
Doug Peterson: Yes, that's an area that we've been spending a lot of time on, structurally, as well as strategically. The industry itself is going through a massive amount of change with Barclays having changed hands with I7 bought IDC, with what's happening in Europe with the exchange transaction going on there and the interest of fixed income investments from the world. As well as all of the main asset managers, large globe assets managers looking at so much change in volatility in the shape of the fixed markets, especially with pricing and liquidity concerns creeping in. We think it's an area that it will continue to develop, we think there will be more and more ETF products and target day products, we retirement products, etcetera that are developed over the years. We would like to play in that. We're off to a good start with our dialogue with the asset managers and with ultimate distributors about these types of products and services. We have a core set of indices around the S&P 500, as well as some other fixed income indices. We have $40 billion right now in AUM in the fixed income index space. We are looking at all different ways to grow the business, whether it would be continuing to grow and penetrate with what we already have and what we're developing, as well as looking at the different properties that pop up for sale and whether or not they could be valuable to be added to our portfolio at the price is attractive, as well as if the capabilities are being attractive. So it continues to be an important potential growth area for us. And we do have dedicated resources to seeing how we can grow in this area.
John Callahan: In terms of its contribution, it's a couple of pennies per quarter. We're still waiting on the final approvals to close that transaction. Our current assumption is that we've looked for a close towards the end of the year. Our current estimate assumes -- sometime in the fourth quarter, and so we believe the net dilution impact within 2016 is going to be quite minimum.
John Callahan: I'll only give a little bit more detail as Doug added some comments on it earlier. The primary difference between the first and second quarter is the Forex benefit, there was just relatively more Forex benefit in Q1 than it was in Q2. So there was about two points benefit in Q1 and less than one in this quarter. So once you equalize for that you're pretty much in that same range around 28%. And we're quite pleased with that step versus the year ago and reducing this is an opportunity we can continue to get some steady improvement overtime.
John Callahan: I just want to add one thing, that if you think about the second quarter, if you look at last three years or so, the second quarter has been our highest margin quarter for the rating business because of the larger levels of issuance during the quarter. So -- it can't predict the future but we would not expect necessarily to have those kind of margins each quarter in the third and fourth quarter.
John Callahan: I think some of the expense difference between the first and the second, and that general range that you mentioned had to do with the drop off -- what Doug mentioned in terms of some of the outside professional fees that we were paying either to lawyers or more significantly some of the work goes underway and risk the compliance area to ensure that compliance from the Dodd-Frank requirements which we had to do last year. So that money has been spent, we do have that risk and compliance investment now in run rate, so that benefit is from the expenses quarter-to-quarter. On a go forward basis, it's not like we expect minimal revenue, I mean we have to kind of -- to Doug's point, we're trying to be more commercially oriented going forward, we are going to be influenced by what's going on with the issuance trends. I mean I just would say that our forward outlook is not assuming robust activity that we saw clearly here in the second quarter.
John Callahan: Bill, I'd add to that. Just keep in mind, we're trying to grow off an ever increasing day, so double-digits of $700 million will be different in double-digits of $0.5 billion. So reality is the business is working hard to extend its product line so we have been investing to expand out the product line beyond the oil, on that note in terms of the business. And we're also looking to do more than just price assessment than we're investing to do more in the area of supply demand analytics. So I think we also -- in the longer term point of view need to kind of build out the product line and increase our offering.
John Callahan: The only thing I'd add to that is, as you know in our indices business we do have certain, as you know we've changed the way we characterize our revenue. If AUMs continue on a very steady increase that would also be a benefit that revenue tends to drop almost all straight to the bottom line, so that could be another factor that would put us up towards the higher end of the range. And that's as per the funds flow and overall end market level.
