Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, Manav, that's exactly right. I mean, the big thing on the Ratings side is, besides the general issuance, part of it has been on the structured finance side. In terms of some of the high-yield issuance, some of the CLO, collateralized loan obligations, some of the commercial mortgage-backed security market, it was the structured finance side that really drove that part of it. And again, with U.S. issuance, corporate issuance, a little bit down and also in Europe, it was the structured finance side that really carried the day.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. First of all, Platts is a really very consistent, steady performer. Revenues were up 10% here. And again, what we're doing is expanding the product offering platform. We were talking about the iron ore market, but again, both in terms of oil, petrochemicals and the like, the pricing assessment and price discovery business we're up to providing some 12,000 pricing assessments and benchmarks a day and that's fueling spot markets literally all around the world. On Kingsman, obviously, we're expanding the portfolio in terms of the commodity side of it, and the sugar platform is one that's only getting stronger. So we're very, very pleased with where Platts is and how it's going. But it's, again, it's something that we'll keep in front of us all year long. But as we expand the platform base to more commodities, we're going to be focusing on the price assessment capability there.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, you know us. I mean, we always want to try and improve upon anything and everything. But no, from a cost standpoint and the integration standpoint, you can consider at this point the integration that we were undertaking is complete.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. And again, as Jack is saying, Craig, it's one quarter. And we're very pleased with that one quarter, but again, we will see as we go forward. And again, in 2012, as we were saying, sequentially, the -- each quarter got a little stronger in 2012. So we're going to have to watch the comparisons there. But obviously, a very strong start to the year.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Again, it has more to do with the integration of the acquisitions and we're very pleased with the capabilities they're bringing us. But again, in terms of R2, QuantHouse, CMA, again it's extending and expanding our product base and that is very, very important to us at this point. We will look forward more to the second half of this year for contribution from that. But at this point, it's been a development of the product base. There's also, I mean, from a marketplace standpoint, it's a little bit of a weaker marketplace. You're seeing a fair number of layoffs on the financial markets side in all of that and so we're being impacted a little bit from that standpoint. But more importantly to us is expanding and developing the product platform. That will benefit us big time later on.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, and here, I mean, you really got to take a look at overall economic conditions. One of the things that we're seeing is by sovereigns, in particular, is an awful lot of emphasis on infrastructure financing and that should benefit us and we're going to need to see that new issuance continue. But again, we're benefiting right now from the resurgence of a structured finance market, especially in the high-yield area, bank loan ratings, CLOs and so forth. And that portends well because that means capital is being deployed, which is going to be very, very helpful to overall growth. But what we want to see pick up is we want to see more of the traditional corporate issuance, corporate securities, continue. And again, remember over the next 5 years, we're looking at some $46 trillion globally of new monies and refundings in that area and that's been a little quiet at this point. So we want to see a pickup on that side. But other than that, we want to really just focus in on general economic conditions and how capital is being employed. And right now, it's in some of the high-yield area rather than some of the more traditional areas.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, and Bill, as we were saying, the story in the first quarter is really on the structured finance side. And it's the high-yield market, bank loan ratings, CLOs, all that, CMBS that really fared well. We want to see more of the traditional corporate security market issuance start to come back. There's also another one that we need to keep an eye on and that's Europe. Europe is obviously, in the aggregate, in recession and all that. We need to see some pickup coming out of Europe. Europe is a bit flat right now and we want to see a little bit more resurgence there.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes -- no, no, no. We were obviously very pleased with the margin contribution in the first quarter for S&P Rating. As Jack said, there was a very defined cost improvement initiative that was undertaken that helped. But also, as you said, it was structured finance. And again, when you start talking about some of the high-yield bank loan ratings, CLOs, all of those kind of thing, they're going to participate at a higher margin level in all of that. So I was very pleased to see that. I think that 46% is a great number, but it might moderate a little bit from that. I mean, I think that's a little above where we anticipated. And as we see more traditional corporate issuance and hopefully Europe corporate issuance pick up, it'll be at a little bit of a lower-margin level. And so I would see the number coming off a little bit. But it's still going to be -- our anticipation it's going to be a pretty good number for the year.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, I mean I would be guessing a little bit on this one. I think right now, Peter, that the fact that we saw this resurgence in the structured finance area is very good because we weren't anticipating it to the extent that it came through. But it also, again, as we were saying, it really speaks well overall for the economy and especially here in the States that money is being deployed into a number of projects that are going to lead to more growth and hopefully jobs and all that. So it speaks well to some of our situation. We want to see that obviously also benefit the European market. By the way, the other one, Peter, that you mentioned was on the regulatory side. Again, that's an ongoing process and we deal with numerous regulators around the world and we'll continue on that part. But right now, I don't see that having a overburden to the margin levels. And at this point, I would say that somewhere in the mid-40s, early 40s, somewhere around there, if you're looking out over a couple of years that we'd be able to maintain that. But let's see what structured does for the rest of the year. And also, let's see where the resurgence in some of the corporate security markets is.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: On May 14, there's a rating agency roundtable in Washington, and I'm sure the Franken Amendment is going to get some attention and all of those kind of things. I see overall -- by the way, our relationship with the SEC has to be a very, very good one and we work very hard in making sure of that. We are as interested as anyone is in terms of strengthening the process of our ratings and all of those kinds of things and want the highest quality that we possibly can. Doug Peterson, our President of S&P Ratings, will be at that roundtable meeting and will express exactly our attitude towards how to continue to improve and build on and so forth. But at this point, it will be a steady process and everybody can weigh in, but we have the most vested interest in making sure that process improvement is at the highest level.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, first of all, and again I'll let Ken address sort of the legal outlook aspect of this. I mean this is a number of years, like 5.5 going on 6, since the financial crisis and overall things are beginning to moderate a little bit. Again, on legal suits, 42 have been dropped or dismissed. As Ken mentioned, you still have about 2 dozen cases that need to get before a judge and all of those kind of things. So we feel pretty good on that standpoint. I think the message that we're sending is that we're very excited about these businesses and we're doing well and we're off to a good start in 2013. And we're investing in those businesses. And when we got into December of last year, the $700 million special dividend was a sign that, I mean, you're not hoarding cash or setting up reserves and all of those kind of things. We're running the business to run the businesses. We were very pleased with the $500 million accelerated share repurchase that we announced recently and we'll see as the year progresses on that part. But no, I mean, nobody likes to get sued and all of these things, but we'll deal with it. And we'll deal with it because of the merits and the facts that are in our favor in all of that. But no, we're not -- from a balance sheet standpoint, how you deploy capital is a big question between and -- acquisitions, organic growth, dividend, share repurchases, we have been very mindful of all of those and that's where we're going to keep our focus. And we'll see in terms of share repurchase what more we might be able to do and the like. But at this point, our actions are all straight up and straightforward.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: No, and just the opposite. Just like the rating agency roundtable of the 14th of May, that -- the SEC is our regulator and it's our responsibility to do everything we possibly can to make that process smooth and that's exactly what we're going to do. And from a DOJ standpoint, as Ken said, we have very strongly gone back to our judge and made a motion to dismiss the entire suit in all of that and we'll see where that goes.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, again, in terms of motivations, you're going to have to ask them why. What we have done and worked very hard on is the how. How can you bring this kind of case the way you can? And the conversations that we had before they filed it with them was all talking about facts and figures about why they're wrong in all of that. But other than that, motivation is up in the air why they thought they could bring it against one or whatever. Okay, Craig.
John F. Callahan: And I would just add that it was very strong cost management performance with costs growing well behind revenues, in part driven by some of last year's cost initiatives.
John F. Callahan: The Kingsman acquisition specifically added about 150 basis points to the growth at Platts. So the organic growth continues to be quite strong, high-single digits. And now that, that business is approaching $1 billion, that's becoming quite a considerable business [indiscernible]
John F. Callahan: Craig, at this point in time, I wouldn't -- it's only -- only have one quarter behind us right now. So I'd probably stay with our existing guidance by segment. Admittedly, maybe there's a bit more risk relative to some of the projections in Commodity & Commercial given some of the tough overlaps that particularly the Commercial business had in Q1 and then maybe a tad of upside in Ratings. But right now, I think that general -- the guidance we gave I think we'd stick with that.
John F. Callahan: And Craig, our guidance assumes pretty good growth in Q2 on the transaction side, but it does slow considerably kind of given the overlaps that we see in the back half of the year and also it's hard to look ahead that far, so -- but just keep in mind, the overlaps will get more challenging as we get deeper into the second half of the year.
John F. Callahan: Let me comment first on sort of the issuance outlook. Just to reaffirm, I think looking for the first half of the year for 2013, I think it's going to be quite good. I don't know if Q2 is going to be as good as Q1, but I think it's still going to continue to be good, in part driven kind of what activity looked like last year. I think, we are, on the other hand, a bit more -- look, we do have some challenging overlaps, particularly as we get to the back half of Q3 and certainly in the fourth quarter. So we had extraordinarily robust activity, particularly in Q4 of last year. So I just think we're trying to be mindful of that overlap ahead of us. But for right now, I think we feel good about issuance and it's also nice to see us doing better -- or expanding our reach in places of structured finance where maybe we were not participating to the degree that we are now. So in balance, feel very good about the progress that we're making.
John F. Callahan: And Bill, in answer to your second question on cost, our guidance for this year does include some continued benefits from some of the cost actions that we have and are continuing to make. But we recognize longer term going to 2014 that we do believe that there's some additional cost opportunities and we're working on parts of that program. I do think we can get at some of these stranded cost issues. But it'll just take a bit of time to kind of work through that. So you should anticipate our continued focus on productivity going forward.
John F. Callahan: Well, what may help that a little bit going forward is we've had a -- in some cases, while we've been growing the non-transaction part of the business in places, we've also had some falloff in parts of -- from some of the legacy issuance going back a little bit. And that leaky bucket part of that on the non-transaction side appears to be moderating. So obviously, we were very, very pleased with this non-transaction growth that we had in Q1. I don't anticipate that level of high growth for the balance of the year. However, we do anticipate it to be quite strong relative to what we saw recently. And I do think that may be a bit more stable as we start to get out into 2014. It's a little bit too early to be providing too much precise guidance in that area. But I think we feel a little bit more bullish about that than maybe we did a year ago.
John F. Callahan: Look, we have -- we're running this -- we're going to manage this balance sheet like we're running and building this business. So we're lucky enough we have a fair amount of cash. We have a tremendous amount of debt flexibility in our balance sheet. And the reality is, with the margins, the return on invested capital we have in our businesses, we're going to continue to generate a lot of cash. So I think we're pretty confident that we have a lot of flexibility to deal with any of the opportunities or issues that we have in the coming years ahead.
Kenneth M. Vittor: We look at every case on its own and we made a judgment on a variety of -- using a variety of factors that it was in the best interest of the company, our employees and our shareholders to settle the Abu Dhabi and the King County cases.
Kenneth M. Vittor: Well, the DOJ case, as you know, we moved to dismiss the entire complaint on April 22. The parties will exchange briefs, the government gets to respond and then we get to reply. Oral argument has not been scheduled, but I anticipate it will take place sometime in the next several months. And then the timing of the case will be dictated by what happens as a result of the judge's ruling on our motion to dismiss. The CalPERS case has been going on for several years now and is currently on appeal on our dismissal motion under the anti-SLAPP statute. So it's hard to judge what the timeline will be on that until that appeal is resolved.
Kenneth M. Vittor: I can't speak to what the DOJ and the SEC are talking about, but they are not a plaintiff or a party or a participant in the DOJ case.
