Doug Peterson: Good morning. Thank you, Manav, for joining the call. The mobility question you have relates to some of the changes that are happening at a structural level in the mobility and transportation business. If you recall the last couple of years, we saw all of the used cars became a very large sales aspect for the dealers and the automotive manufacturers. The OEMs were struggling to actually meet demand. So we're seeing a shift away from used cars to new cars. And we actually expect that there's going to be a lot of growth in the sales of automotive products around the globe this year. And where we're seeing some of the slowdown in subscription relates to dealers, as dealers don't have necessarily the same margin, they might be changing some of their approach to how they're working with the sales force they have. So we're seeing that that's one of the areas where we see some disruption in some retention rates that have started to drop. Other than that across the board and the rest of the company, we do not see any changes whatsoever to retention rates.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thank you, Ashish. What's driving growth in that segment, if you recall over the last couple of years, there was -- the supply chains had been disrupted. There were no access to different types of chips, which are used in the automotive sector, including even things like key fobs. And you also saw a lot of disruption demand from the market as people were looking for cars, but they couldn't get them. So we're seeing that manufacturing is up. In fact, our total vehicle sales globally, we're seeing very strong sales coming up in the U.S., over about 7.5% growth in China, about 6% growth in Asia, including Japan and South Korea, about 6.5% growth and in Europe about 7.5% growth. So across the board, we see a lot of growth in production as well as coming from a very, very depressed base. But at the same time, it puts some pressure because the demand is starting to decrease as well, given the inflation, given interest rates are going up. So we see that right now, there's a lot of demand for information from our mobility team, because we provide the forecasting, we provide the information about the changes going on in the industry, as well as the day-to-day dynamics. But we're shifting the dynamics from what had been a supply constrained market to a richer approach to more supply in the market and shifts in customer demand that all of this benefits our mobility business because they provide the data and analytics that dealers and OEMs and suppliers need to make decisions.
Doug Peterson: Thank you, George. Well, first of all, this was a very lumpy quarter when you look at the issuance. It started out quite strong of issuance. Investment grade had started off strong, but through the quarter in the U.S. it declined 14%, in Europe it increased 3%. A high yield increase in the U.S. 20% but it decreased in Europe 2% and structured finance in the U.S. decreased 48%. And in Europe, it increased 7%. So this was an incredibly lumpy quarter for us. But we've been very adamant about having our sales people and our commercial people out in the markets. We keep our finger to the pulse of what's happening across the markets. We've been involved in supplying information for the structured credit, an area in particular CLOs. We've been strong in the CLO market in the last quarter. We see going forward we think that for the rest of the year that it's going to be mostly refinancing that's going to drive what we see is the issuance. If you take a step back and last quarter, we issued a slide which we show once a year, which is the pipeline of refinancing, which is on the balance sheet of companies, financial institutions and other organizations over the next 5 to 10 years. And you can see there was a lot of financing that took place over the last 10 years with typically five, seven, sometimes up to 10-year maturity. That's starting to mature now. And we're starting to see some of that pull forward. And the question is, what are the right conditions for people to come back to the market? And that's something we're watching very closely, because there is a very, very large pipeline of refinancing that's going to be coming over the next three to five years, and we're going to watch that carefully including what's going to be coming this year.
Doug Peterson: Thank you, Toni. I'm going to start and then hand it over to Ewout. If you take a step back and you think about something like the ESG sustainability, climate markets, they go back the last five, six, seven years. And if you look at our company, we have products that go back 50, 65, 100 years. And the experience of a market like this, it's really changing rapidly. And fortunately, because of our Sustainable 1 organization and the way that we've been investing in sustainability products, energy transition climate, ESG across our entire company and coordinating it through S1, we're seeing strength across pretty much the entire portfolio. And in particular, we're seeing a shift away from ESG to climate in the U.S. and around the rest of the globe. One of the things that I always say is that the train has left the station on this. This is an area that's going to be growing very quickly. It's high demand, it's coming from corporates, it's coming from governments, from regulators, from financial institutions, every part of the financial institution area. And we have products from Trucost, our ESG data suite. We've got bond referencing prices, physical risk, we're in the middle of what I'd say is one of the most important dialogues taking place with regulators around the globe about disclosure. But let me hand it over to Ewout to talk a little bit more about the numbers.
Doug Peterson: Alex, what I wanted to add is that I've been on the road almost nonstop this year and seeing clients. And it's been incredible the kind of feedback we're getting about the value that the market intelligence team is bringing with the data that's getting built into different platforms. And what Ewout just highlighted that market intelligence customer base is very diversified. We don't just have a financial institution. Client base within financial institutions, we're not just focused on only one single segment. So I've had really interesting conversations with corporates about the data that we have in market intelligence, what we can provide in investor relations coordinator, which is used by different traders, by supply chain. We have a new product which is a supply chain console that corporates are finding incredibly useful for them to understand what would be their needs for managing shipping, supply chain risk, et cetera. So I'm really encouraged by what we're seeing. The client dialogue is what I wanted to highlight.
Doug Peterson: Yes, thanks for that, Alex. Well, first of all, we have much, much lower exposure to that sector than some of the other competitors in our space. We do watch it very closely, because it does help with some of the -- understanding some of the credit dynamics in the country overall. We do see in the U.S. that there could be some slowdown in credit. And that's one of the reasons that we've been cautious about our own economic forecast for the rest of the year. You heard as Ewout said that we expect that there would be a mild recession or a mild slowdown as we see a dip in the second or third quarter. And we think part of that could be caused by the slowdown in credit. But overall, we have very low exposure to this area. And it's likely that some of the areas that we see that the credit will get picked up by the private markets or securitization, and some of those we might actually benefit from some of the activity on those.
Doug Peterson: Thanks, Craig. Well, let me give you a broader sense of issuance and just reconcile a little bit what we talked about earlier on the call. As you know, we have our credit research team issues a report on what they see is the full forecast for the year. And right now they're expecting that the range across all of the different areas would be down about 3.5%. And then we've said that we think what the range of build issuance will be up about 3% to 7%. We don't break it out between what would be leveraged loans and high yield. Those are part of that. But in the first quarter, high yield issuance was up about 6% of build issuance and bank loans was down about 33%. In many cases, those are substitutes for each other. Sometimes you can see somebody says, well, am I going to issue a floating rate or a fixed rate, what are the market conditions or I'm going to go to the private markets, which had been quite quick, they're fast, but they also have in some cases, higher spreads on them, as well as maybe more covenants. But we think that there's going to be a very dynamic market. Overall, I think you should focus on the 3% to 7% build issuance up and look at the different components of where we see that's happening. Just as an FYI, in our credit research teams forecast, they see that corporates will be up about 8.5% for the year. So think of that as kind of an anchor. And also remember what I said earlier to one of the earlier questions about the amount of refinancing that it's already taking place. Maybe the last point I'd make is that we see that in this market with these conditions with some uncertainty about rates and inflation, et cetera, issuance is very, very opportunistic. You can see a flood of issuance over a week or two weeks. And then sometimes the markets are pulling back. For instance, the last couple of weeks have been very encouraging. But we said the same thing about the first two months of the year. So we watch this closely. We're forecasting, but go back to what the long-term issue is. M&A is going to come back, rates will eventually stabilize, conditions will be positive for people to invest and grow. We have these massive programs in the U.S. that are just starting to get launched for an infrastructure build, for the CHIPS Act, for the IRA, the capital that's going to be going into energy transition, all of that is going to attract investment. It's going to attract M&A. It's going attract debt investment. This isn't just going to be done using capital from the government. There's going to be public/private partnership, public/private capital going into these areas, and I just see a huge amount of capital that's going to be deployed here. We're going to see the same thing in Europe, same thing in Asia. So I just believe that this energy transition, what we're going to see with the CHIPS Act, et cetera, is going to create a lot of investment globally. And we should be benefiting from all of that over the long run.
Doug Peterson: Yes, hi, Owen. Thanks, again, for the question. I think in terms of the performance, as Ewout had mentioned, we had the difficult comps, but also the asset prices and our asset-linked, if you think back, you kind of build that in arrears [indiscernible] quarter was coming off of the market highs at the end of 2021, so comparing that. And also there was some seasonality in products like the S&P 500. You do see the liquidity benefits of that product. I really think inflows late in the year and that can come out in early through the year on that. Where we saw the outperformance was in exchange-traded derivatives. Obviously, we've seen a very fast increase in nominal interest rates. And that's really caused some dislocation in the way that risk premium across asset classes, and so that's obviously increased volatility. So we're so well positioned in this ecosystem we built. What we discussed back in the Investor Day in December, being able to align and provide price discovery, liquidity and crucially for the exchange-traded derivative market being able to manage risks. And so what we're seeing is a combination of secular growth trends there, extended trading hours, shorting down to intraday or even single day types of access to derivative products, but there’s also cyclicality. We do know that over time, volatility will particularly normalize, potentially mean will revert to some degree. So in terms of our outlook, we want to make sure that we manage that appropriately. So if you think about the margin, just kind of looking for the rest of the year, we do like exchange-traded derivatives. They do have a higher gross margin than our asset-linked, but we do expect that mix to change. We do expect, hopefully, the flows to change that. So it's going to be reflected in the revenue mix we have. Also we had some one-time expenses that were non-recurring. And we also had some lapping incentive comp expense reductions last year. But what we really want to do ultimately is to reinvest back into the business. And I think that reflects, again, the way we're thinking about the margin for the rest of the year, and really leaning into again the secular growth trends we have.
Doug Peterson: Yes, hi, Russell. Thanks for the question. No, we actually have hit I think probably one of the most notable products in Europe was our Paris-Aligned & Climate Transition launch in fixed income. And so that aligns already what we've done in equities. So that was something we got to market. And there's now demand, we call it, the PACT Indices to do those in other parts of the world and other kind of regional exposures, whether it be emerging markets, global, what have you. So that was a really important product and index that we got to market. As I mentioned as well, multi-asset is really, really important for us too. So to align, again, the IBOX range, for example, investment grade, high yield, but to put that more intentionally alongside our leading equity franchises. So being able to do that on a channel basis, particularly areas like insurance. If you think about the annuity space, being able to go specifically there where multi-asset demand, it's also a channel historically that's had a lot of active management. So this bigger trend of shifting from active to passive, we are a leader in that space, but it's early days. Can we expand kind of our first mover advantage to again bring the IBOX capabilities? And again, we've already launched products I mentioned in Japan on multi-asset. We have development now moving forward really across the globe. But I'd say insurance is interesting. Retirement, I mentioned as well, another area that in some areas historically have been very actively oriented, again, combining fixed income with equity is where we want to be able to move forward. And it's a competitive place.
Doug Peterson: Thank you, Simon. This is Doug. Well, first of all, as you know, we've always been in a competitive environment and we also respect our competitors very, very much. This is an environment where, for us, it's up to bringing the most relevant, the newest, the fastest, the highest quality information, being responsive, as you've heard us talk about Kensho, artificial intelligence, machine learning, all of these types of things allow us to bring information and data and analytics and benchmarks to our customers even faster. So it's a very competitive environment. This also puts us on the -- keeps us on our toes. It makes us better because we have to always respond to the demands of the markets, as well as ensuring that we're faster and ahead of all of our competitors.
Doug Peterson: Thank you, Stephanie. I'd like to make a quick closing remark. And I want to thank everybody for being on the call today and your excellent questions. I also want to thank Dan and Saugata for joining us in the room. Great answers. It's nice to have you here. And we're also very pleased with how our year has started. As you recall, in December, we had an Investor Day where we launched a new strategy called power in global markets. And it's fantastic to be on such a strong start. And a lot of that has to do with our engagement with our customers.  We have been out talking to our customers, listening to them, understanding how they see the combined value of the company. And I personally have been very busy traveling around the world speaking with our key customers from every industry, from all of our businesses, and I'm more confident than ever about our strategy. And their comments provide us further information to validate our priorities, our investment in technology, our investment in AI, the quality of our people, how we see the products that we're developing in the future. And I'm just so confident about what we're seeing out there.  I also want to thank all of our people for helping us launch 2023. As always, they are phenomenal and it's why we're off to such a strong start. And so I'm really excited about everything we've achieved this year. I look forward to sharing more on our next earnings call. And again, thank you everyone for joining us today. Thank you very much.
Ewout Steenbergen: Sure, Manav. Good morning. If you look at the dimensions with respect to market issuance and built issuance, actually we're seeing exactly the opposite of the pattern of 2022. So there are two large categories in market issuance that are down more that are not included in built issuance. So this is unrated debt, as well as frequent issuer. So frequent issuers, we don't have in build issuance because as you know they're on the fixed fee construction up to a certain level of volume. So therefore, we expect build issuance to be significantly higher than market issuance for the full year 2023.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thank you. Good morning, Ashish. We are overall really confident around the outlook for the full year. We are very pleased, of course, with the results in the first quarter, and then also the confidence around what we are going to achieve for the full year. And you see that reflected in the overall guidance that as you have noted is unchanged. But you have to realize that we're taking out two months of engineering solutions revenues and earnings. So you could say implicitly, we've slightly raised our full year guidance. And then by deficient, as you were asking for, the changes are due to the following. If you look at commodity insights, that is driven really by the outperformance of revenue growth in the first quarter. If you look at mobility, strong growth in the first quarter, but also the acquisition of Market Scan is helping there from a revenue perspective. And indices as well, what we're seeing there is also a very strong first quarter, and that is therefore also reflected in the full year revenue growth outlook. In terms of ratings, there is a shift that we have told you, a little bit higher transactional revenue, but a little bit lower non-transactional revenue. So net-net is still the same. But there is a shift in those two underlying categories. And then with respect to margins, mobility has been tuned down a bit. That is the dilutive effect of the acquisition. But on the flipside, for the indices business, we see that the margins are actually up, given the strong performance in the first quarter again. With respect to market intelligence, we have said that we come in more at the lower end of the ranges, both for revenues and margins. And that has to do with the macro environment, a bit of the uncertainty, the fact that we expect some of the capital markets products, more to come back later in the year, because now we assume the recession is somewhere mid of this year, as well as some of the impacts of the banking crisis, although we think that impact will be really minimal for market intelligence.
Ewout Steenbergen: Of course, George. Thank you so much, and good morning. We are, of course, very pleased with the progress we're making with synergies. This is really a statement of execution of the whole team, of the whole company and the speed of the implementation of all of our programs is really impressive from my perspective. So we are at 550 million run rate cost synergies at this moment. These are cost synergies we're doing in all the categories that we have outlined before. There's of course organizational and duplication of roles that we're taking care of. Then there's real estate consolidation, vendor consolidation, and several other categories. This is all linked to integration. So we like to get the integration behind us as quickly as possible, and that we can fully operate as a combined company going forward. And we're very close to that point now. And that is expressed by the progress we have made with cost synergies, and getting really now not too far away anymore from the 600 million cost synergy mark. And so this is all across the company. With respect to revenue synergies, we see very nice progress in the divisions. The largest growth there we see in market intelligence and commodity insights, but contributions by all of the divisions. We have always said from the beginning that revenue synergies will take more time. At this moment, the focus is mostly on cross sell. And then later this year and the next few years, we will shift to new product development. But obviously the lead time to develop new products into the system, enhancement for that will take a bit longer. But both on cost and revenue synergies we're very pleased where we are at this moment.
Ewout Steenbergen: Toni, when we look at the first quarter revenues for sustainability and energy transition, we actually think that this is really strong for the company. And we are still confident that for the full year outlook, the growth will be in line with our medium-term expectations. And the reason for that is, as Doug outlined, that we have very diverse revenue streams underneath sustainability and energy transition, and all of our decisions contribute to the progress and to the growth. So think about, for example, in mobility what is happening, the huge transformation of the industry around electrification, move to EVs and what that means for the OEMs with respect to thinking about supply chains and new manufacturing and where they sourced the batteries, what is happening in the commodity space with energy transition, what is happening with new price assessments around hydrogen and carbon and biofuels and recycled plastics, what is happening in the rating space with second party opinions? And then Doug already mentioned climate, really there's so much focus now about climate; climate analytics, climate credit analytics, climate data. Just to give you one data point, Trucost actually grew more than 50% in the quarter. So overall, if we added up, I think we have very strong revenue streams. And therefore we are confident about our future growth in this industry and this particular growth area.
Ewout Steenbergen: Toni, the way how we look at it is, we really believe we're ahead of the game here. We did the acquisition of Kensho five years ago when just very few people were thinking about artificial intelligence. We have already embedded a lot of Kensho's products and tools within our businesses over the last few years. And our intention is really to stay ahead and to really make sure that we continue to implement this and be one of the winners in this market. We told you this morning we have not five Kensho products that are in the market, that's just for external customers. But internally, there are many more products. And actually the efficiency opportunities that Kensho has created for the deficients is very large. Maybe if I may expand on this in one particular area. If we think about large language models and generative AI, actually three areas are really critical. It is compute, which is really expensive. Then there are the algorithms which are more open source and generic. And then it is about training data. And training data is really differentiating. And if you have really good training data, you can improve the algorithms and you can drive down the compute cost. We have at S&P Global the largest training data set for financial markets, plus the best team of Kensho that we already outlined. So we have no need to export our data to someone else models or generic large language models. We can do this in-house. And you may expect that we will have more announcements around this later this year.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, Alex, good morning. This is Ewout. I will start and then hand it over to Doug. Generally, we are confident about the outlook of market intelligence for the remainder of the year due to a couple of reasons. The first is growth of the subscription book of business, we see some healthy growth. Then we have good revenue synergies that will come in over the next period of time. We're expecting a capital markets recovery at the end of the year. So that should help enterprise solutions. And then also the comps will become easier and FX headwinds will become easier during the course of this year. So those are the elements that will help us to remain confident with the outlook. With respect to the specifics of the banking impact, we think this is overall manageable and not material for market intelligence. And the reason for that is the following. Market intelligence actually has a very diverse customer base. Only 10% of the customer revenue is coming from commercial banks, and these are global commercial banks, so not specifically U.S. or Europe. So that's actually a relatively low percentage. And then we have multiyear subscription contracts with those customers. We have tuned it down in the guidance range to the lower end of the range given the uncertainty, given the fact that we are still expecting a shallow and short recession in the mid of this year, and we want to be cautious. But overall, that's why we still believe we should be able to come in within the range for market intelligence for the full year.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Craig. We're actually really looking positively for all the underlying revenue drivers within mobility. First, when you look at dealers, you see a little bit two effects going in opposite directions, as Doug explained earlier. So maybe their margins are coming down a bit, inventory levels are going up. So therefore retention is a little bit lower. But on the flipside is that there is more demand for sales and marketing products, because they need to be more proactively reaching out to potential customers in the future. So that is actually driving the growth in the dealership. Moreover, I think CARFAX is super entrepreneurial, really innovative, launching a lot of new products. And that is helping with the growth there as well. Manufacturing, the same thing. Also, there they are exposed to more needs to really reach out to customers through our marketing and sales products. So that is going to be helpful there as well. Plus all the changes that are happening with the transformation to EVs and our planning products, they are helping our OEM customers. And then our data is flowing to insurance companies, to banks and other loan entities that need the data for the pricing of their products. So we expect that to continue to grow as well at healthy levels during the course of this year. So overall, I would say positive momentum for mobility and I have no reason to believe that that would not continue in the future.
Ewout Steenbergen: Absolutely, Jeff. So the way we look at this is most of our products are must-have products for our customers. We are deeply embedded in their workflows, in their day-to-day activities. Therefore, we add a lot of value to our customers. And that should give us an opportunity to pass on any cost price increases as a result of the inflationary environment in terms of pricing and fees. But obviously, we're doing that in a very responsible way. We're doing that in a very balanced way that will come in gradually over time at the moment of contract renewals. But overall, we think that is reasonable to pass on cost price increases to customers, and therefore we still expect to expand margins in this current environment. I'm looking at maybe one of my colleagues, Dan or Saugata, if you would like to give any particular color for your businesses.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thanks, Owen. I will give you a more broader perspective and then hand it over to Saugata for some specific Kensho implementations in commodity insights. So overall, Kensho for the last few years has been very much focused on product development, speed to market, new product design, new design of delivery, customer experience within S&P Global, but slowly is now also turning more externally, again, because many of those products that have been developed are also attractive for external customers. Overall, if you look at the value that is generated, it's both value internally and externally. In terms of external customers, we have now more than 50 external customers in areas like asset managers, large banks, hedge funds, and corporates. And this is all the products that we have highlighted before; Link, Nerd, Scribe, Extract and Classify, so many good products. But let me hand it over to Saugata to give you more details about commodity insights.
Ewout Steenbergen: Andrew, we said that for Market Scan, during the quarter, the impact is around 1 point. So it's around $3 million to $4 million. It's overall immaterial for the company as a whole as you understand. The other two sides in ChartIQ really are immaterial for market intelligence. So from a modeling perspective, I wouldn't put any number into your model. But then I would like to point out that the revenues and the earnings were loose in our models. And our plan for the full year by divesting engineering solutions two months earlier is actually net-net going to reduce the overall impact on our plans. So the net of divestiture of engineering solutions and in requisitions is actually a negative, hence my comments earlier during this call that implicitly we're raising the guidance for the full year by holding the range to same for the company as a whole.
Ewout Steenbergen: And then looking at one part, and that is with respect to the last part of the question around the total contribution of new products to the top line growth of the company, we said at Investor Day, as you might recall, about 80 basis points of contribution to overall growth for the company from the new initiatives. And obviously, our focus is to continue to see that developing further in the future. Therefore, vitality is such an important metric for us, because it is an indicator of a healthy innovation within S&P Global. But I just would like to point out that products will rotate off from the vitality index after three to five years, because at some point, they are not a new product anymore, and they will become business as usual. But the last piece of information I want to give in terms of the health of innovation around vitality is we have seen double digit vitality levels within our businesses this quarter from market intelligence, from mobility, from commodity insights, and from indices. So very positive all across the board.
Ewout Steenbergen: Russell, there's two kinds of investments in new initiatives. There is investments in our strategic programs, our strategic investment program of $150 million. You should assume that that comes in gradually over time, so no particular seasonality. And then we're making investments, what we called cost to achieve, which are related to revenue synergies and realization of revenue synergies. Those will come in also over time, but those are pulled out from a performance perspective. So those you won't see in the actual performance results, the normal cap results that we're reporting now and in the future.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, we have said revenue synergies, Simon, are coming in over a period of three to five years, about 45% cross sell, which is more the first two years and then 55% coming from new products, which is more year three to five. So you should see this actually -- see that ramping up over the next period during the course of this year, and we saw actually quite a nice jump from the fourth quarter to the first quarter and we're now at that 52 million run rate level. But you see that going up in quite a nice way over the next couple of quarters. But obviously, revenue synergies take more time to accomplish compared to cost synergies.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Thanks, Stephanie. Our expectation now in terms of assumptions for the year is the following. Obviously, strong performance in the first quarter, as you have seen, then more a short and shallow recession in second quarter, third quarter. Obviously, we're still very careful what to expect for the year that there's not some unexpected volatility happening in the markets. So we're actually running a very tight ship, very careful from expenses and investments, headcounts very careful. But then we are ready to invest, because the most important is that we are investing in future growth. And hopefully, we'll see somewhere at the end of the third quarter and the fourth quarter really markets coming back in a very strong way. And we're ready to take advantage of that. In terms of downturn levers that we have, it's the usual list that we have always been outlining, and you know that we're on top of our game. And we will pull those levers, if needed. But already today, as you have seen, the cost controls are really very strong and the cost growth is really low. Certainly also if you take into account of that last year, we had actually flat expenses, and now only really minimal expense growth in the first quarter. But the downturn levers are the usual one around variable spend, discretionary spend, hiring, investment spend in other areas. So we're ready to take action, if that's needed. But hopefully, we are more in a position that we can invest in future growth, because that's the real fun part, and the part how we really can deliver shareholder value from a medium and long-term perspective.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to focus on the individual segment guidance. You raised the guidance for commodity insights, mobility and indices. I understand MI is more towards the lower end. But even on the ratings front, it looks like the build issuance guidance was raised by almost 1 point. Earlier was 2 to 6, now it's 3 to 7. But you reiterated the full year guidance, so I was just wondering within the full year guidance, do you have increased confidence on the range? Any color on that front will be helpful. Thanks.
Ashish Sabadra: That was very helpful color. And maybe as a follow up, if I can follow up on the mobility front. Manufacturing in particular was very strong. Overall growth in mobility was very strong, but manufacturing historically which has been more in the 3% to 4% range was up 11% this quarter. So I was wondering has anything changed there structurally, which is driving significantly stronger growth in that segment? Thanks.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks, Doug. That was very helpful color, and congrats on such a strong momentum in the business. Thank you.
