Chip Merritt: Thanks Ewout. Just a couple of instructions for our phone participants, please press Star 1 to indicate that you wish to enter the queue to ask a question. To cancel or withdraw your question, simply press Star 2. I would kindly ask that you limit yourself to two questions; that's two questions, in order to allow time for other callers during today's Q&A session. If you've been listening through a speaker phone, but would like to now ask a question, we ask that you lift your handset prior to pressing Star 1 and remain on the handset until your question has been answered. This will ensure better sound quality. Operator, we'll now take our first question.
Chip Merritt: And if we use the word punch-list, you know what we’re trying to deal with there is just anytime you have any sort of release there’s going to be bugs, there’s going to be things that need to be resolved and in fact the MI just had a new release over the weekend to deal with usability feedback and application performance and things like that. So just one trivial fact for you, if you’re out there on an old Internet browser your speed seems to slow mostly we don’t use that browser, but now we’re fixing that. So that's a kind of thing that we work on.
Chip Merritt: I don’t think you’re seeing any meaningful displacement at this time. You might have someone who has access to competitive product and they have been using that competitive product. And now their firm gives them the opportunity to use our product so they might use them in conjunction in tandem for a while. So I don't think anything happens right away but over time I think that certainly robust.
Chip Merritt: Bill found a number for you. At the end of 2016, Smart Beta accounted for 184 billion in assets side to it.
Douglas Peterson: First of all, when we look at tax reform we look at all the different aspects that could be impacting corporate, financial institutions, as well as public finance. First of all we look at some of the positives to the tax reform or economic growth. There is also going to be an additional amount of potential accelerated depreciation which would be leading to additional investment. So we see a lot of positives in the general economic conditions which as you know in the long run are what actually drive issuance. In terms of some headwinds to issuance, our repatriation of offshore cash could actually a slowdown issuance of companies that have been issuing what we call in the past a deemed repatriations or a synthetic repatriation. Our interest rate deductibility might have some impact on the high-yield market. And then the public finance market had a very robust fourth quarter in anticipation of different conditions in the market as well. So that as you saw we expect it would be down around 30%. But overall we look at then - in addition to what’s the impact from tax reform, we look at general growth as I already said and we also look at maturities and you saw on the slides that we showed that there is a very robust pipeline of maturities especially starting in 2019 and going forward in all different types of issuance and in particular in high-yield issuance. So we've taken all of this into account as we've built our forecast for 2018. As you know always the mix is could change at any one time, I just want to give you one factor which is an interesting a mix shift. We do think that there is going to be strong financial services issuance in 2018. Last year in the United States financial service issuance for the entire year was up around 9% but it’s actually down in the fourth quarter by over 13%, and in Europe it was up 65% for financial institutions issuance in the fourth quarter. So as you know there's always a lot of different pieces to the mix of how this comes through, but we go back to tax reform being a very positive impact for the economy overall. And even though it might have some headwinds on issuance from point of view of repatriation and a couple of other factors we do see that the economy is in a strong position.
Douglas Peterson: Well if you look at our total guidance overall we put together for the entire company a guidance of the mid-single-digit range, as well as an improvement of a 100 basis points in our margin, that’s our guidance for 2018. Included in that as you said give-and-takes on what’s going to happen in the markets. Our overall outlook is about 2% decrease in overall corporate, industrial out of 5% increase in financial services, structured finance we’re expecting an increase of about 4% for the year. And then U.S. public finance is one of the areas we think is going to be the most impacted by tax reform it will be down by about 31%. I’ve always said in the past its going to depend also on what's the mix of high-yield and what sort of structured finance comes out. Just very quickly you know January doesn't make a quarter, issuance overall in January was down year-on-year but on the other hand noninvestment grade spec rate issuance was up very strong. It was up 27% in the U.S. But you know one month does it make a quarter, we do think that a lot of where we’re going to come out is going to depend also on leverage buyouts on what's going to happen with the M&A market. And but we do think with the overall robust growth around the globe that this actually bodes well generally speaking for issuance. But we do see some of these as you saw in our forecast we did see lower issuance in particular from the corporates, but we built that into our forecast but I don't have a specific number related to the topline growth in Ratings.
Douglas Peterson: Well as you know we've been moving towards an approach where we provide enterprise-wide licensing to our customers in Market Intelligence. And what we've always talked about how this leads to more users signing up when you see an organization that has now given basically free access across the entire organization for all people to sign up and use the product. We see that the user increases and it's a good forward-looking measure for us in our ability to then talk to our customers in the future about the value of the contracts and the value that we're providing. As you know we have a very important discussion with customers at a value creation and value approach to how we think about the long-term relationship. And this is for us one of the benefits of the enterprise-wide pricing and this is one of the ways we can see it actually coming into effect.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, on MiFID we haven't seen any immediate impact on MiFID. Related to MiFID generally as you know we're not a sell-side research firm. We've always been a data and analytics provider the way we approach to our products and services that there are already paid for in hard dollars. One interesting thing of note, during December we saw over 90,000 of our users go in and look at their entitlements or change their entitlement, and we believe that was driven by a MiFID where people had to ensure that they had the right sort of entitlement in the system. We also though know that we have the ability to deliver research and be able to monitor and track usage and monitor and track how many people are downloading and as well as find ways that we can help it, sell-side get paid for the research. I guess the risk that we've got is that on the buy side, if a buy side start getting squeezed on their budgets overall because they're looking at how they're going to pay for research, it could be that there could we have a negative impact from total research budgets under strain but we have not seen any of that so far.
Douglas Peterson: We don't see any major change to our approach. We do think that Thomson Reuters is a very formal competitor. We think that the competitive landscape is getting tougher all the time not just with people like Thomson Reuters taking approach of how they're going to be going towards market but there's also a very large number of additional of fintech's and other types of company coming into the markets. You also have a company's like ours and others looking at ways to apply artificial intelligence, natural language processing and different ways of serving the market. So we think that the Thomson Reuters transaction is going to make the markets more competitive but we welcome that competition and we're investing also to transform our business so that we can be more competitive as well.
Douglas Peterson: Our general expectation is that bank loans are going to be flat to potentially down a little bit. Last year it was such a robust year and the first quarter, fourth quarter were both very strong throughout the year we saw the issuance. But it's going to depend a lot on what happens with high-yield financing, high-yield refinancing. It's going to also be driven by interest rates. We do see a market in Europe which has been incredibly robust. Over the last few years we've see more and more of financing taking place through the bank markets, as well as ratings - the loans being themselves rated. But our general expectation is that the bank loan market is going to be weaker than it was last year.
Douglas Peterson: On the non-transaction revenues, if you look at what the components are there, they are combination of frequent issuer fees, it's rating evaluation services that include some of the revenue from CRISIL and also includes short-term issuance under one year for instance our commercial paper. And it's really combination of all of those factors that is driving that growth. As you know there's been a lot of mergers and acquisitions activity that's been increasing in the Ratings valuation services. With the very, very attractive financial markets in the last year there been a lot of shorter-term issuance in the commercial paper market, that's been part of it. And then net, net we've also increased the number of new issuers and number of new issuers come to the market also has helped to increase that. So there's not any one specific factor, it’s a combination of all of those together.
Douglas Peterson: We have looked at that report that's where we've been working very closely with ESMA as well as with the Parliament in Brussels to understand the implementation of the rules for CRA 3 which were put in place about five or six years ago. One of the provision had a basically instructed ESMA to review the pricing markets and look at the cost structure of the rating agencies to see how that would be related to price - fees and prices. We think this is very, very early stages of what ESMA is going to be working on. We're working closely with them to tell them what we disagree with in their analysis. We do think that the overall structure fees relates to many, many different factors, it's not just cost alone. And so we are working closely with ESMA to give them our viewpoints and as of right now we don't see any impact to the markets and this is probably going to be a very long gain in how we work with ESMA and Brussels on the Ratings market in Europe.
Douglas Peterson: First of all as you know we have a combination of different approaches to revenues and in the index business we have our AUM fees, we have our data fees and then we have other services, ETM and ETD fees. So we're looking at how we can continue to diversify our revenue streams plus also how we can diversify and grow our - the economic impact of new opportunities like ESG. What you see is that we've made a lot of progress in fixed indices with new issuers going out of ETFs using fixed indices. We're seeing a lot of take-up of ESG, different types of ESG indices which use either some sort of a carbon, low carbon in particular environmental approach. None of those have any major impact so far or material impact on our revenues. The way we see the evolution of these types of products as we have to invest upfront, we have to build the relationships of the channel partners. We have to be responsive to what are the demands coming from asset owners and asset managers and come up with new indices that are responsive to those needs and as we build them and as we set the new products out, they start getting take-up and then that's when you start seeing the revenues. So in terms of our total revenues in the index business, none of these are creating any major material lift so far but in terms of volumes and growth, we believe overtime all of these are going to have more and more impact and it’s going to be important to us that we also do have this innovation in this market relevance for what are the demands coming from the asset owners.
Douglas Peterson: I just want to add one thing which is maybe a little bit philosophical it was embedded in the comments I made at the end about our 2018 enterprise goals. And you’ve heard me talk about this for the last few years that we're driving towards having much higher quality customer experience, much commercial organizations that are out there customer focused, building products providing services that's relevant and responsive to our customer’s needs. And we think this is critical in a very competitive world. We have to be out there that in a way that we’re serving our customer needs and anticipating their needs in the future and we believe that this is actually one of the most important and necessary component to our topline growth is to have that approach to customers and not be complacent in very, very competitive markets.
Douglas Peterson: No, I'm sorry if I gave you that impression, not at all. It’s just that we have a very large number of clients we’re going to have to go out to look at the approach to what their current contracts are. In some cases it's a combination of shifting from a per seat contract to an enterprise wide contract but also in some cases we have multiple contracts, it's an opportunity to go out and simplify our approach to a customer. In some cases we have five, six different contracts across different divisions of an organization that gives us a way to unify those contracts and to want to move them shift them to an enterprise-wide contract. My point is that the difficult to my point - this still has another year maybe even till the end of 2019 before we complete the final approach to all of the Cap IQ accounts on the conversion, but it's going very well. I'm sorry I gave you a different impression.
Douglas Peterson: Well as you know we've been looking at infrastructure now for over five years. We bolstered our infrastructure practices across the businesses in particular in Ratings. We brought in a team of people that are able to be very responsive infrastructure and that's not just in United States it’s a global team. We've included additional data in analytics and Market Intelligence. We also have some infrastructure indices that we have through the index business. And then obviously Platts benefits from infrastructure investments in energy, and oil and gas, but the bill coming through Washington is going to have a few key elements that we’ll watch carefully. One of them is permitting. Permitting is one of the areas which is quite slow in the United States compared to countries like Australia and Canada that have very robust approaches to infrastructure investment that also bring a lot of private capital. Permitting can be done a lot faster literally in a couple years instead of some cases United States 9 or 10 years. So we think that permitting is one of the critical factors that will get investment moving a lot faster into infrastructure. Second will be the approach towards support or leveraging capital coming from Washington into the states and local communities where most of the real infrastructure takes place. It's at that level, it’s at the state and municipal level where most of that takes place and one of the factors on that is going to be an openness to seeing more public, private partnership as I said also very important in Canada and Australia. So the more we see private capital coming into infrastructure, the more we see it coming in a lot faster, when we see other fixes to the federal programs that are used for transportation and ports and airports, those will also stimulate more investment. So our overall view is the faster that this starts getting into the market, the more comprehensive the approach is and particularly if - you see us reach out to the states and municipalities, we’ll see a robust infrastructure investment which will benefit growth, it will benefit jobs and part of that will be then more investment activity which we will be supporting through all of our different divisions.
Douglas Peterson: We've been looking at this - we’re trying to model it out. We see a very minor impact from this for a few reasons, one is that a lot of the companies that could be potentially impacted by the leverage rules are not paying taxes anyway and even though there's always been a theoretical tax shield to leverage type organizations just given their overall operating procedures and operating profits, they’re not necessarily really paying taxes. We also think that there is a level of profitability which is about a six times leverage that's more or less where we've modeled it out that will still allow you to have deductibility of your interest expense. So we're not quite sure exactly what the impact is going to be but our initial modeling doesn't show that it’s going to have that big of an impact because - leverage is a very, very legitimate way to use for corporate financing for different types of organization. And we've seen a little bit of fishing around for some other opportunities from the investment bankers looking at whether its securitizations or other types of tools that aren't necessarily directly financial tools or leverage. So, we don't think that we’re going to see much of an impact.
Douglas Peterson: What I'd add is that a lot of the penetration that we have is new users. So as you mentioned when you get a new - a firm which has maybe 10 or 15 or 20 seats whatever it is and we open it up for a firm-wide enterprise-wide contract you see new users coming in. And then we've also been able to get some new customer. So customer growth itself is also important to us and that's another thing that we measure carefully.
Douglas Peterson: First of all let me just point out, I don't have the figures in front of me Chip might have them at his fingertips. We believe one of the advantages of our business models that we are very diversified across different types of industries, investment banks, sell-side, buy side, we've got insurance companies, banks, other types of financial institutions, regulators, academic et cetera. So we believe that it's a model that allows us to have diversification across different kinds of users between the SNL content and the Cap IQ content which is coming together and other types of data services that we’re adding specially alternative data services et cetera that we can provide multiple types of users with good experience, as well as the data they need. So we're not as dependent on any one type of industry, but in terms of overall your point of your question is, will we see an opportunity to displace other more expensive products? We believe that that is one of the areas where we can be more competitive.
Douglas Peterson: And in addition it’s also part of the custom indices business. This is one of the areas where it's not necessarily just ETS, we also see a lot of interest from structuring debts and investment banks which are using these types of products for their family offices and other sovereign wealth funds, other types of direct investors where we provide the structuring of the index itself that's responsive to their needs.
Douglas Peterson: Thank you, this is Doug. Let me just make a couple of closing comments. I do want to comment very briefly on the market drop yesterday, 1,175 points in Dow Jones. It was the largest drop in history in index point terms, but it actually doesn't even make the list of the top 10 drops in percentage terms. Given that we've been managing this since over 125 years, we've got all the data and it's actually the 100 largest single drop in percentage terms. So its way down there, it’s only number 100 in overall percentage terms and we think we should put that in context. We've built our plan, our approach to the markets looking at the economies right now which are growing. Our inflation is still low, rates are still low, banks have very strong liquidity and very strong capital around the world, tax reform we think is a tailwind for the U.S. economy. And so we do believe that overall economic conditions putting aside some volatility in the markets and all of the transformation taking place and technology around us are going to be very positive aspects to how we’re going to grow the business going forward. We’re very pleased that we concluded 2017 with strong momentum and very strong performance. Our topline growth for the entire year of organic growth of 13%, the margin improvement that we've been carrying through for the last five years. We are starting off the year also benefiting from U.S. tax reform with a strong position in cash and capital with a very good leadership team and what we think are very promising approaches to how we're going to work with the markets in the future. So, we appreciate all of you listening on the call. We look forward to working with you during the year. We will be on our first quarter call in between now and the time we see you at our Investor Day. Thank you very much.
Ewout Steenbergen: You're right. We have given guidance with respect to our adjusted growth leverage in a range of 1.75 on the low-end and 2.25 on the high-end. We are very comfortably within that range at this point in time and as we have told you this morning we have 2.8 billion of cash by year-end of 2017 which is now largely unconstrained after the tax reform. So the balance sheet of the company is very strong. We're in a very good healthy financial position. We’re obviously not commenting on any M&A opportunities, but what you should read out of the announcement this morning is we’re clearly have the intention to reinvest in the business according to our strategic priorities, strengthen our core capabilities with the cash balance we have on our balance sheet today. And that could be organic, it could be inorganic. We would love as a first priority to reinvest that cash balance in our business.
Ewout Steenbergen: You're right. Now we have provided you the details of the split of the margins between Platts and Market Intelligence. You see 33% margins for Market Intelligence both in the fourth quarter and for the full year 2017. And that is up approximately 260 basis points compared to 2016. We have indicated to you that we expect margin improvements for S&P Global as a whole in 2018. We haven't given you a breakdown for each of the segments. And what we should do is we realize with respect to the margins for some of our segments we're more or less at the point of our aspirational margin targets that we have provided for the mid-term. So we will come back during the course of this year with new mid-term aspirational targets for each of our segments. Most likely we will do at the Investor Day late May. So I cannot give you any specific guidance with respect to the Market Intelligence margin going forward from here. But what you may expect is we will drive operational performance for each of our businesses. We expect positive topline growth for each of our businesses. We look at operating leverages. We look at the efficiency opportunities and so on and so forth. So ultimately as Doug said in his prepared remarks, we are clearly believing that we can make S&P Global perform better also in the future.
Ewout Steenbergen: We were especially pleased if you look at the performance of Ratings this quarter that despite a very strong topline growth, expenses were more or less flat and even slightly down if you take into consideration the FX impact. So the combination of such a strong topline growth and expenses flat and very disciplined drove the margin up by 810 basis points. What you have seen is announcements of restructuring actions both in the third quarter and fourth quarter. Those actions are applicable to several of our segments, but certainly also on the ratings. So we are looking continuously in transforming our organization to become more effective. So certainly we’ll continue to look at the margins of Ratings and look at all the opportunities to improve those margins in the future as well.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, I think that’s mostly driven by the Platts margins. So if you look at the details in Exhibit 10, you’ll see that the Platts margins were bit lower at the second half of 2017 compared to the beginning of 2017. The main reason behind that is timing of certain expense categories. We saw commissions, incentives, compensation, as well as certain marketing expenses more back end loaded during 2017. We expect it to be more equally divided during 2018. So I would expect that - I would explain that more that it is more timing of those expense categories and Platts that drove slightly lower margin in markets and commodities intelligence at the end of 2017.
Ewout Steenbergen: We are very interested and very excited about the opportunity that has come up in China. Let me elaborate on that a little bit. So today the domestic Chinese bond market is about the third largest bond market in the world. We are not active in that market today but we do rate international bond issuance by Chinese companies. So as Chinese companies want to accept the international bond markets those are being rated mostly out of our office in Hong Kong. The Chinese domestic bond markets in the past had some foreign ownership restrictions. So up to the mid of last year, we could not own an entity domestic ratings agency by more than 49% and that was the reason why S&P Global Ratings had never decided to enter that market but those foreign ownership restrictions have been lifted since the mid of last year, so we are actively looking at opportunities to enter that market at some point in time. There is still a lot of regulation that has to be issued so there's still a lot of uncertainty how this ultimately will play out but we are very actively following this and actively looking at the best way to enter the Chinese domestic bond market at some point in time.
Ewout Steenbergen: So that's a great question Vincent so let me explain that a bit because if you take all the pieces into consideration I fact you unallocated are - expenses are coming down year-over-year. So look at 160 to 170, then what is included in that number is a 20 million contribution to the S&P Global Foundation, so you have it out. And then in the past the pension benefit, the pension income loss methods in the corporate unallocated expenses and now is broken out due to a new accounting rule. So what we have indicated is $25 million to $30 million of benefit that now is broken out but in the past was negative on that line. So if you look at those two elements and take those into consideration, in fact year-over-year corporates unallocated expenses are down.
Ewout Steenbergen: And we broke out I believe it was in our second quarter earnings call, the year-over-year gains in fixed income and ESG and from a percentage standpoint they were significantly that Doug's point from a total standpoint that it will remove the needle in our business. And we’ll likely put those out again probably in the second quarter next year based on annual survey that goes out.
Ewout Steenbergen: You're right, we see a lot of positive momentum and positive drivers around our business. I can point at bank loans, I can point at corporate issuance in Ratings, below investment-grades, structured finance, I can point at the user growth in Market Intelligence. I can point at commodity pricing going up for our Platts business. I can point at move from active to passive investments in the indices business. So all of those drivers are very favorable and I have really helped the company to be positioned well for the future. And therefore you saw a 13% organic revenue growth for the company as a whole during 2017. We have guided to mid-single digit growth in revenue for 2018, that's mostly because we are now starting from much higher base then we were a year ago so we have to take that into account. But if you look at some of those drivers, we are confident that those will continue and will be continued positive drivers for the company going forward because we think those are not all market related, those are largely also related to methods where management can have some influence going forward. So therefore we think mid-single digit growth is a reasonable expectation for revenue growth during 2018.
Ewout Steenbergen: If you look at the growth in dividends as such if you look at the underlying growth in net income and free cash flow, this is very much supported by those factors. Just look at the free cash flow in 2017, 1.85 billion going to 2.3 billion in 2018. If you look at that 2.3 billion and you take into consideration our commitment to return 75% of the 2.3 billion to our shareholders, then a 22% dividend increase is really in line with those underlying growth percentages. So I don't think you should read anything out of this that it is a shift in the mix. What you should read out of it is that the underlying fundamentals in terms of net income and free cash flow are really very strong and we expect also that to continue during 2018.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, timing obviously we are not commenting specifically on that management has a philosophy as you know that we’re not market timers, we believe in dollar cost average that might be sometimes tactical decisions why we scale up or down is certain periods. But otherwise we like to be as much in the market as possible during the year. So I cannot give for obvious reasons further specifics on that, but we would like to be as much in the market as possible because these are significant numbers in terms of return of capital to shareholders. And like I said management doesn't believe that we should be market timers ourselves.
Ewout Steenbergen: So we are looking at all of the opportunities to grow our businesses to reinvest and to strengthen our core capabilities. When we announce our capital philosophy and targets in the mid of last year, we have indicated some areas that are for us strategically important. Think about growing ratings in some of the emerging markets and looking at domestic ratings businesses. Think about indices for fixed income ESG international, Smart Beta. Think about in Market Intelligence our risk analytics and surfaces business, but those areas that are strategically important and then for Platts some of additional commodity price reporting without certain benchmarks or supply demand analytics. So those are the areas for the businesses itself. We’re also looking at some core capabilities of the company, investing in technology, specific talents, and other areas that are important in terms of core capabilities for the company. We're looking at this investing on organic basis, inorganic basis, but please be assured we apply a very disciplined capital management philosophy metrics and look at the valuation perspective. So the company is very critical with respect to those opportunities that they hit certain hurdle rates that we think are important going forward.
Ewout Steenbergen: Tim, let me first take the restructuring question about the ratings and then I will make a few comments on your FX question. Ratings restructuring we’re looking at many areas where we would find opportunities to make the organization more effective. I can give you two examples, one example is in our commercial organization. Until recently we had two commercial organizations in Ratings. We have moved those together we created one commercial organization and based on that restructuring, we’re able to reduce the run rate particularly in more senior management positions going forward. Another example is the ongoing project simplified which is putting technology tools in place, workflow support and more standardization in the work of the ratings analysts and that will help with also efficiency, think about population of mobiles data intake, and so on that will be more automated so that our analysts can focus more to higher value-added work going forward. So those are clear areas where we see opportunities in Ratings going forward. With respect to foreign exchange rates, let me give you a couple of perspectives. The company's exposure is what we call a negative exposure on Indian rupees, British pound and the Australian dollars and negative exposure means we have higher expenses in those currencies and revenues. And we have positive exposure on Euro which means we have higher revenues in Euro then our expense base in Euro denomination. We have an FX program to offset to a large extent those exposures in order to make sure that the company's impact on economic basis is mitigated to some extent. So overall if you look at our guidance we have provided to you that is based on the most recent spot market rates with respect to ForEx and where our currencies are today we are confident that is properly reflected in the guidance we're providing you this morning.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, it’s more or less on a similar level if you compare it to previous years and the background there is that we have a well funded pension plan. So particularly the asset assumption on our plan is helpful to create this pension income but more or less similar compared to what we have been reporting in previous years.
Ewout Steenbergen: I think in absolute numbers it’s still relatively modest certainly if you look at it from a revenue perspective. But this is the nature of benchmarking business, you have to invest early, you have to put a lot of effort in trying to become the standard in the market and once you are the standard you're being picked up then it can take off and your revenue streams in the future can be very large. So those kinds of investments can be over multiple years. Think about the fixed. That was an investment that was done over very long period of time to get over CBOE and at some point it took off and it is a very successful product at this point in time. So relative modest today, but that is exactly why we're making those investments. We’re taking the benefit of the margin of the larger benchmark indices, and vest back into the new industries and over time that will be revenue driver for the company.
