Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay. Well, Bill, and look, as far as the separation process, we have been getting out an awful lot of information throughout the year as to where we are. We have literally worked tirelessly to look at all options in all of this, and we're coming to the conclusion, just like we said we would. And so literally, I think it would be inappropriate on my part to derail any element of the process at this point. But I will say that in the coming weeks, and, hopefully, sooner, we will have an announcement to make to you.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. We're so excited about this, because we wondered very hard whether or not we could actually pull this off on this one. But to put the S&P Indices, which are largely institutional indices, together with Dow Jones Indices, which are largely retail, is just a -- it's just a fabulous combination. And as we see more and more index behavior and the growth in exchange-traded funds, both in the United States and around the world, it gives us huge opportunities as a platform to expand. And I gave one example of the Brazilian component. But I can tell you the growth of S&P Dow Jones Indices is just going to be phenomenal. It's a wonderful platform, and we're going to be able to do a lot of other things to add to this platform to grow it even faster. So we're very excited about the combination, that it's under way and that the growth prospects are so high.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: At this point, and I don't want to comment on MSCI, that's theirs to do, but we are not seeing that kind of pressure at this point. So from our standpoint, we're not overly concerned by that. And again, Bill, again, the quality of brands and the recognition of those trusted brands is really, really important on that one. And again, when you have markets that have a lot of uncertainty built into it, those trusted brands take on a lot more import.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: No, actually the Platts business has been strong all year, and the Kingsman acquisition, I think you're referring to, gives us strength in terms of a brand-new sector. They expanded into the agricultural markets, not only from biofuels, but also in terms of expanding in the commodity platform. But from our standpoint, Platts has exceeded its plans and is doing extremely well, and we expect that to hold up.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay. Well, first of all, in terms of Abu Dhabi, we're actually quite pleased with the situation as it's unfolding. We have eliminated several components, and it's scheduled for trial in May of next year, and we'll see how that goes. But we're not concerned at all. As far as the Australian CPDO situation, we're waiting to hear the result on that. And from our standpoint, again, we feel very -- we feel like we're in a very good position. But we should get a result any day on that, and we'll be reporting that as others will as well. But again, the overall legal situation, Manav, has been one of you've got so much wait in these things. As you know, in the United States, we do everything at the federal court level. And literally, because of all the litigation out there, not just ours, I mean, all of the litigation out there, it takes 2, 2.5 years to get before a federal judge, and so you have to wait. And one of the things that we have said, and we're encouraged by the results, is that in many cases, once it gets before a judge, it's the same day that these cases get dismissed on all that. So we are -- we think that we're in a very good position. We're obviously well advised, and it's a wait-and-see game. But to date, with the 30 cases that have been dismissed, the number of cases that have been reaffirmed to be dismissed at the higher-court level over a lower-court decision, all of those kinds of things, you have to be focused on all of these kinds of things. But we think the risk here in terms of legal aspects are low.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, George, again, I don't want to speculate here and other thing. But I have to tell you that given the strength of the digital offering and the subscription growth, our hope is that continued emphasis on the cost reduction part is doable. But I would just say at this point that we're very pleased with the results for year-to-date and for the third quarter, and you have my assurances that every focus is on continuing to find ways to reduce those costs. But we're very excited about the revenue growth here. It's a good picture, and it's getting better.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: And by the way, George, having just come back from Beijing on a quick trip, J.D. Power's business ought to do really well. I've never seen so many cars in my entire life and traffic jams to go with them.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Wow. I wish I could do so with some accuracy here. Look, the Education business, whether we're talking Higher Ed, whether we're talking Professional, International or the all-important K-12, these are essential businesses. I mean, you're talking about educating your future workforce. And the unfortunate part, we have seen in the United States a significant deterioration in educational funding, which has very dire consequences for student achievement and all of those kind of thing. We've got to get back onto that track. Now if your -- if everything is essentially based on property tax structures at local and state municipalities and all that, and you put the longest housing recession that we've ever seen together with that, you've got a very bad combination, plus the fact that you have so many states that are in deficit and all of those thing.  Those aren't excuses. Those are realities and everything. So one, on improving housing market, getting states out of deficit positions and getting growth again is going to help this situation. But literally -- and this won't last.  I mean, it can't.  But this is the worst K-12 environment in a decade. And I think it should be, obviously, an outrage to everyone, but it won't last. And second part is, coupled with that environment, the positive here is the speed of the digital transformation part. We are seeing increased activity across the board here. We have been -- whether we're working with certain manufacturer -- device manufacturers or whether we're working with partners in terms of developing digital solution, we've been working aggressively on this for some time, and the receptivity of it is just moving at a very fast pace now. And so that's very encouraging. That's got serious implications for cost reduction, but also, very, very strong positives for our revenue growth on that part. But it's an essential business, it's our future workforce, and the Education agenda should be a priority for any country.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: And Craig, I'd just echo that. Again, the most important thing in terms of separation is making sure that we've got the right options and we're on track and on target and all of those kind of thing. At the same time, as you start to decouple the shared services and all the other kind of capabilities to that, there's lots of opportunities here in all that. But I think to do, as Jack said, the separation correctly and to put out a $100 million number is very responsible. But we think that there's a lot more opportunity, and we look forward to, once the separation is completed, coming back with you with another number.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay. Well, look.  First of all, and not to talk about just the fourth quarter, to talk about the next 3, 5, 10 years, the capital demand needs are huge. And if you talk about infrastructure financing alone, between now and 2030, you're talking some $70 trillion. You're talking about $1 trillion of infrastructure financing in India alone over the next 5 years. The study that I gave you was on just refunding between now and 2016 of $8 trillion. So the demand here is absolutely huge on that part. So I'm not -- I mean, any given time, you're going to have some slowness or some pickup or whatever, but the overall demand for capital is only going to go up, and banks are not going to be able to satisfy all that kind of demand. And in fact, the reason that the capital markets and fixed income markets in particular are doing so well is because now the banks, in many ways, are stalled and the largest portion of the capital demand has got to come from the capital markets on that one. So from a backlog standpoint, we're doing really well. Now the second part to that question is, look, obviously, the European Central Bank made a decision that they were going to intervene in the sovereign bond market and provide a level of support. That, obviously, created some activity. When Ben Bernanke came out with the QE3, the real question was, "Is there going to be a QE4?" and anything.  I don't know and all of that, but both of those caused global spreads to contract and, obviously, fueled a surge in September bond issuance. So then I get questions like, "Okay, well, is that just bringing moneys forward that were in the fourth quarter or the first quarter for next year or something like that?" How do I know and all of that, and we'll just have to wait and see what the facts are. But the capital demand load is huge on that one and it's worldwide on that part. And again, with 45% of our revenues coming from outside the United States, we're in a terrific position to be able to deal with that.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. Well, first of all, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, here. But let me give you 2 facts on that one that Jack was talking about. One, we are an extremely dividend-friendly company, and we have been since we created a dividend in 1936 and have been increasing it every year since '74. And so there's going to be no letup on that side. Number two, in terms of share repurchase, I think our track record is out there, and it's pretty solid. We're a very share-repurchase-friendly company. And we do anticipate we're back in the market in the third quarter. We bought back $295 million. We did the accelerated share repurchase of $1.5 billion last year, and I expect to have a strong share repurchase program going forward. But I think it's a little premature to talk about what level or all of those kind of things. But from a financial engineering standpoint, I think our track record is pretty solid.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay. Thanks, David, and thanks for your comments about New York . I mean, as you know, from your own associates, I mean, it has really been hard hit, and it's probably going to be weeks in terms of getting total business continuity going again and all of that. But thanks for the comments on that. Now as far as the separation process and all that, look, we said from the very beginning that we're going to look at every single aspect in all of this, and that's exactly what we've done. We've given out timelines, and we are coming to a conclusion. And again, I think to skew this in any way is not appropriate from my standpoint at this point. So the best color I can give you is that you're not talking a long time frame here. You're talking, literally, coming weeks and maybe sooner.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: David, you're a great guy. Look, I thought the range $3.25 to $3.35 was a really, really solid number and range for us for 2012. The facts that things were a little bit better, that our cost reduction programs came in, all of those kinds of things, we started in the midyear giving guidance that it was more like $3.30 and maybe closer as we got on towards the upper end of the range. But given the third quarter and all of that and the way we expect to finish 2012, we think that improving the guidance from $3.35 to $3.40 is a good step. I mean, it's really there. Now would I like to be able to give more -- I'll get into a wrestling match with Jack here in a minute and all of that. But we're pleased with that guidance, and if things go the way we like it, we'll be very pleased.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Let's see. In terms of the outstanding issue, it's -- I'd have to get the exact number for you, but it's a few dozen. If you call Chip, he can get the exact number for you, but it's way down, obviously. But since the downturn in the markets and all of those kind of thing, it's been a solid 4-plus years in all of that. So the expectations that we had in terms of there's no merit to some of these and all of that has borne out to be true and all of that. But we've got a few dozen left.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: And again, based on market conditions and all of those kind of things, we'll keep everybody updated on exactly what we're doing.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, again, I don't want to talk about any of the other competitors. That's for them. We feel very, very good about where Capital IQ is. We talked about the addition of 4,400 clients and 55,000 subscribers and all of that. Our growth plan for Capital IQ is on target. And I think the other thing to focus in on at Capital IQ is the customization aspect of this, that we can -- we have multiple abilities to put more content packages together to create customized platforms for customers, and that's what we're focused on doing. But Capital IQ is on target.
John F. Callahan: And then, Bill, the one thing I'd also add, and it's really a third quarter issue, largely for the base S&P Indices business, is the comp versus a year ago was really difficult, largely driven because of the extensive activity in exchange-traded derivatives from a year ago. I think Terry had a chart on that during his comments. And that overlap is less onerous as we get into the fourth quarter. So I think we're more -- we think that's an easier overlap for us to manage as we head into the balance of the year.
John F. Callahan: And back to the acquisition impact, so just keep in mind, the BENTEK deal closed early in 2011, and the SPD deal closed early in the third quarter of last year. So essentially, the third quarter, it's really apples to apples. So it's really -- it's year-on-year comparisons are now -- have the acquisition in it, and the only new piece is the Kingsman acquisition. But obviously, that just closed yesterday so that's more of a fourth quarter impact. I can tell you, at least within BENTEK, we're seeing double-digit growth for that enterprise, and we're quite excited about what that's adding to the portfolio.
John F. Callahan: As you saw last quarter, we had some pretty good margins in the segment, and I think we'll be around sort of this high-20s -- mid- to high-20s range sort of going forward, nice margins in Platts. And we have, as Terry mentioned, a great year for J.D. Power and a stabilizing across the balance of the Commercial platform. So we should be in this range for the fourth quarter.
John F. Callahan: This is a Jack. Craig, look, what's unique about this situation is we're talking about cost reduction in the context of separation. I think there's very few companies that have ever talked about both of those things at the same time, and we're trying to put an end date on this cost program, because once we get into the early part of next year, these are 2 separate entities. Then it'll be my accountability to come back and talk what would the cost outlook is for McGraw-Hill Financial, and it'll be Patrick Milano's to do the same for McGraw-Hill Education. And I think it's, kind of given the separation right ahead of us now, it's premature to kind of go past that. But we certainly acknowledge that there's opportunity here, and I think some of the foundational things we have done this year give us opportunities to kind of extend some of the cost programs once we move into 2 separate entities.  So more to come.
John F. Callahan: We're pretty focused on delivering on the commitments that we make. But -- and then we're hopeful that we'll finish the year nicely to position us well for next year.
John F. Callahan: It's a consideration. But by the time we average those in, it's not going to have a big impact. As you saw in the third quarter, it's hard to predict what's going to happen with stock option exercises. So I wouldn't view our guidance as dependent on it at this point in time, but it's probably -- it'll have a bigger impact as we get into next year.
John F. Callahan: One other point in your first question on the legal situation is I can tell you sort of our legal expense on a run-rate basis is coming down a bit. So I think we're -- so I think if that's any indicator of some of the issues facing the company, that is one thing we are looking at.
