Lance Uggla: Thank you, Eric. Thank you for joining us for the IHS Markit Q2 earnings call. We outperformed our expectations for the quarter and were able to continue to invest in our people, products, technology and customers for long-term profitable growth. Some key financial highlights of the quarter are, revenue of $1.008 billion, up 11% year-over-year and 8% on an organic basis, and well above the upper end of our longer term range. We experienced broad based growth across the firm and all business performed well. Adjusted EBITDA of $398 million, up 13% over the prior year and margin of 39.5%. Normalized margin expansion was 110 basis points, excluding the impact of FX and adjusted EPS of $0.61, up 17% over the prior year. Let me now provide some highlights. I’ll start with Transportation, which delivered record organic revenue growth of 14% in the quarter. Growth was driven broadly with continued strength across autos, aerospace and defense and maritime and trade businesses. Financial Services reported 7% organic growth with strength across our information and solutions businesses. Within these businesses, top performers were pricing, indices, valuation services, managed loan services, reg and compliance products, and enterprise data management offerings. CMS organic revenue growth was 4% as we continue to benefit from improving end markets and operational changes made within our product design, ECR and TMT businesses. Resources organic revenue growth was 5% as our upstream energy business continues to improve and our mid and downstream businesses remain strong. As we discussed on our Q1 call, we held our annual CERAWeek conference in the beginning of March with record attendance and revenue which contributed to strong Q2 results. We are confident in our low single digit organic revenue growth outlook for 2018. We expect sustained global GDP growth and market dynamics to support our oil price forecast in the $65 to $75 range for the remainder of the year. However, we expect CapEx spend for IOCs to remain relatively tight as companies will remain budget focused, on shoring up their balance sheets and rewarding shareholders. 2019 should see a bigger increase in CapEx. M&A update. In Q2, we also announced the acquisition of Ipreo and the planned divestiture of our MarkitSERV business. We are excited about the acquisition of Ipreo, which is compelling from both the strategic and financial perspective as it will help us shift our longer term growth curve higher and expand our addressable markets with limited incremental risk. Strategically, we know the Ipreo business well and it is highly complementary to our existing financial service business, which we believe limits the risk. Ipreo will increase the size of our addressable markets including our presence in the primary and secondary capital markets as well as the alternative sector, a large and underpenetrated market with long-term double-digit growth prospects. Financially, Ipreo has been a strong double-digit revenue grower and is expected to be accretive to our organic growth, allowing us to increase our long-term company goal from 4% to 6% up to 5% to 7%. The acquisition is also expected to be modestly accretive to our earnings in 2019 and will ramp from there. As we said on our Ipreo acquisition call, we are confident in our ability to deliver to Ipreo financial commitments and have multiple levers to ensure this happens including revenue growth from known market expansions, growth initiatives and revenue and cost synergies. Finally, the sale process for our MarkitSERV business has kicked off in earnest. And we expect a robust process, given the early indications of interest. We expect to announce the sale in Q4. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Todd.
Lance Uggla: Okay. Thanks, Todd. I’d like to acknowledge all of our teams around the world who collectively accomplished a lot in the quarter. We delivered strong results. We also announced the acquisition of Ipreo and the intent to sell our MarkitSERV business. We exited the first half of the year with good momentum and are set up well to meet our full-year commitments. Operator, we’re ready to open the lines for Q&A.
Lance Uggla: Okay. So, I think, in the case of transportation, margin improvements coming from strong revenue growth. We are across the firm, very focused on the cost side as well, but we’re starting to invest and make sure that we can maintain the higher end of our growth ranges. I think with Transportation, we feel we’re very well set up now for long-term high single digit growth with a very broad, diversified set of revenue drivers coming from VPaC, recall, digital marketing, CARFAX, CARPROOF, extensions into the new markets that we’ve been focused on. And Masterminds is a piece of that puzzle. And together, we think our automotive and transportation assets can continue in a diversified way to give us high single digit growth longer term. So, I guess if you looked at this quarter, we’d say, it’s a quarter that outperformed. I don’t know if Todd, you want to add to that.
Lance Uggla: We do see the large IOCs want to look after their balance sheets, looks after their shareholders; we see that as a key piece of the strategy around Resources for this year and leading into more CapEx spending into 2019, which will bode well for the division.
Lance Uggla: No. I think we said when we did the Ipreo deal that it was somewhat outside of -- if you looked at the normal course of business, our view with that would have not been a tuck-in $500 million or less acquisition. It was larger and outside of that guidance. But when we looked at the combination of a MarkitSERV divestiture, coupled with Ipreo acquisition, we felt that that combination would allow for us to shift our financial markets growth curve up a couple of percentage points from 4 to 6, to 6 to 8. It would do that in a way that expanded addressable markets into the big alternative space, which we see as a long-term growth driver and the combination of those two we could execute with limited risk to our forward financial plans but change our outcomes forward in a very positive way longer term. So, I think you should see us now retrenching back into that strategy, well, first to delever and then second to move back in smaller tuck-in $500 million or smaller type acquisitions. So, that’s where we’re at.
Lance Uggla: So, I think one of things I’ve learned post merger about our automotive business is that it is very diversified, first across used and new car sales. So, that’s a good thing. That gives us a diversified set of revenue drivers. The second thing is, is that the markets that we’re in, the addressable markets in the different areas of our automotive franchise are ones that are large and have opportunity for continued expansion. So, let’s walk through a couple of those. So, if you go to first of all, we help the OEMs do their forecasting. That’s subscription based business. They use our data. And regardless of the market environment we’re in, they’re still forecasting and they’re still taking those subscriptions, and our teams are still helping them. And that’s on a global basis. And we have price within that offering in terms of some growth. And of course, we have world class teams that help our -- help the OEMs do their job. And therefore, we see the strength in that part of our business. That’s something that’s very consistent regardless of the market environment and the global trade flows of automotive vehicles. The second thing is, is we also see growth in automotive in China, in India, in emerging markets where the vehicle count per household is way lower than the developed economies. And so, we’re starting to see nice growth for our offerings in those markets as well. Those are all subscription-based and aren’t being pushed up or down by general trade flows. The second thing we do is we play into the digital marketing. So that’s targeted marketing, television; targeted marketing, social media; targeted marketing into gaming devices. And in that market, it really is a big billions of dollars per annum spend that’s now shifting to a targeted market environment. And we’ve seen excellent growth across digital marketing over the past years. And regardless of all -- some of the changes and challenges around customer confidentiality, we still see where there is an opportunity to place a targeted add to a qualified recipient, that’s growth versus general, broad sheet, paper based advertising. So, we see that continuing and we see a big addressable market. And the stats suggests that’s got growth forward. We also use our Polk data to help OEMs with reporting on their emissions, outputs of their fleet. And that again is subscription based. We’re good at it; we have a competitive edge with our data; it’s subscription-based, it’s business that we see regardless of whether there is -- whatever the volume of automotive sales into the fleet, that calculation still needs to be done regardless, and it’s not done on a per car basis. We also have in that automotive segment CARFAX. CARFAX, which is world leader, U.S. leader, with CARFAX, we’ve rebranded CARPROOF to CARFAX Canada, leading in Canada. And we’re expanding CARFAX into Europe. And here, the vehicle history report is the first piece that created our community, but we’re now leveraging that into used car sales, insurance, banking. We’re now looking at the service lane opportunity which is a big market. And we really do have some really great assets. And when you combine that with our recent acquisitions of Masterminds, you really do have a complete automotive footprint. So, that’s a big answer. Basically, what I’m saying is we’re confident in the high single digit growth, long-term diversified set of drivers. We believe, we’ll continue to drive those numbers regardless of the global trade, potential for tariffs, some of the raw material tariffs that might come about. We feel our services are well-diversified and would play through that. Thank you.
Lance Uggla: Yes. Andrew, we do expect to see some acceleration in ACV growth in the second half of the year. And we did see the ACV strength last year as well in the second half. I think, in terms of the growth rate, we’re running at an ACV growth rate that’s -- if we fully normalize FX-adjusted probably around 2%, we don’t expect a big revenue lift in recurring subscription in the back half of the year. We understand the deferred revenue model and we expect some improvement as we move into 2019. But, we expect the recurring sub to be in the low single digit with some improving sub-base in back half for the year. And we’re forecasting a low to possibly mid single digit sub-base when we get to year-end.
Lance Uggla: Thanks, George. So, I’ll take that, start, and then Todd can add if I leave anything off. So, the first thing I would say is that the -- we’re well-oiled machine now in terms of focusing on synergies. And our account management across financial markets has a very strong working relationship with all aspects of our -- of the legacy IHS product groups ranging from TMT, aerospace & defense, maritime, upstream, chemicals and the automotive franchises. And they really are doing a great job at building pipeline and converting that into revenue synergies. And we exited last year at a run rate of somewhere around 12 million, 13 million, and we said that we would exit this year at 35 million. And I think I’ve reconfirmed that 35 million twice. And I still feel confident that the 35 million is the correct number for this year. So that’s all good on revenue synergies. And we’re talking hundreds of executed opportunities, not 10 or 20. So, it’s a lot of small 10, 20, 50, $100 million opportunities where we’re taking information, insights and research from legacy IHS and selling into hungry financial market that’s looking for information to make decisions. The second piece that’s been surprisingly exciting is where we took financial market data management software. We put a team on it for the first six or so months to build data management for an energy company to manage energy related data assets within the Company. And we’ve now moved through ten sales, nice pipeline. And these are chunkier, 300, 500, $750,000 opportunities. And that’s leveraging data management software we created for financial markets and brought it into the activities of an energy company. We also had a record CERAWeek this year. And the CERAWeek this year, how it differed from other years, is it how the combination of financial market participants, technology, mobility, so that’s the intersection of automotive with energy, and of course it’s the world’s leading flagship energy conference. So, what we’re doing with that is we’re bringing the strength of the entire company to bear around the perimeter of that conference, which is driving some very interesting revenue synergies as well. And we see that growing as we look forward. So, all-in-all, I can say we delivered the first year revenue synergies, we’re going to deliver the second year revenue synergies. And at the end of this year, I’m going to have to give you the outlook of the 35 growing to a 100, which is clearly a bigger step up that as we come into the fourth quarter, we’ll look at what did we do in fourth quarter. And for running at 15 million for the quarter, I guess, I’ll feel really confident in the 100 million but we’ve got two quarters to figure that one out. But for now, I think the teams have done a world class job and revenue synergies have been a pleasant and a continued upside.
Lance Uggla: Okay. No. Good question, Alex. I’d love to say that MiFID II has been the homerun. It’s been a steady addition of revenue to IHS Markit, but nothing stellar that I would call out. But, what I would call out is the fact that large banks, we’re seeing a lot of -- the business model of researchers providing research to the bank customers, we’re seeing a lot of those individuals exit and the volume of research from leading financial market participants to banks is going down. And the research that’s coming out of those entities is now being charged for. So, I then look at what do we have. And I think it always shocks people. If I ask them -- if I sat down with UBS and said, how many people do you have doing energy market research at a senior level, there might be a team of 10, might be a team of 5, but it probably isn’t a team of 25. If I look across IHS Markit, legacy HIS, and I ask you to tell me how many equivalent type researchers we have at IHS, I think you’d be shocked, when I tell you that there is 1,700 of those researchers. So, we have significant research and content that goes out and gets paid for by market participants, mainly corporates, some financial market participants, governments, national oil companies, automotive companies, OEMs, big technology producers, solar tech investors. We have just this huge depth of research. It’s like a fire hose of research. But, when I look at it and I go how come we’re not growing 10%, 20%, 30%, 40% year-over-year into financial markets? All I can tell you is that we’re making the investments, we’re adapting the research, we’re coming up with the way to sell it and price it correctly, and we’re growing year-over-year and we’ll continue to grow year-over-year for many years. But it’s not a number that is ready to be called out, because we’ve achieved something out of the ordinary. It’s going to into our synergy number, we’ve made the investments in resources, automotive technology on an organized team to sell the data and research. And we think MiFID II bodes well for us. So, conservatively, it’s adding optimistically, it could add a lot more, but it’s not doing it yet.
Lance Uggla: Okay. I’ll pass to Todd. I think Todd did call out that we’re going to -- we’re comfortable with the upper end of our range, moved revenue up a little bit, and we’re half the way through the year with a half year ahead of us. So, I think that -- I thought that the numbers were fair. We’ve tried to give a really consistent, open view to what we’re doing post merger, and at this moment in time that’s what we feel is a appropriate level of guidance for the marketplace. Todd, you were going to add to that.
Lance Uggla: I think, one thing, we could provide, which is how is, how is the process going. The team kicked off the process, Toni, once we announced it. I think, they’ve signed between strategics and private equity, close to 30 NDAs. There’s still 5 or 6 kicking about to be completed, early indications of interest. We expect by the end of this month, beginning of next. We’ll narrow that group down. I can see with the number of strategics and the deep interest around private equity, it’s going to be a robust process and one that should deliver a fair market value. And we’d expect that we’d get this announced before our fiscal year ends. So, I think it bodes well that there’s a good process, it’s robust, there is a lots of players. And, therefore, we should be able to drive it to a reasonable conclusion, barring any unforeseen events that we’re not aware of today. So, no, I think the team has done a great job.
Todd Hyatt: Yes. Couple of things I would add. I mean, this is the five-year anniversary shortly of Polk acquisition. And so, this performance has actually been delivered for I think five years. And there is strong business model, strong teams, and strong market position. And what we see as continued new product opportunity, continued analytics. And we expect those things will drive the forward growth. In terms of margin, this is an area that we have invested in, we’ll continue to invest at some level, but we’re driving strong margins, and we’ll continue to see margin expand as we move forward, but a lot of things working well in Transport. The one thing I would call out. It’s very heavy quarter for recall. And we do expect to see the non-recurring come down a bit in the second half of the year. Recurring will still stay very high -- high single digit range, but you should be aware of that. And we do expect non-recurring to come down from the levels that we saw in the first half of the year.
Todd Hyatt: Yes. The thing I would add specific to Resources, I would be careful when you look at an individual quarter margin about getting too fixated on a number, because you can have certainly a little bit of noise inside of any given quarter. What we see in Resources is this 42% margin level, a little bit more spend in Resources. You have business where we were really managing cost very tightly during the downturn, and as we’ve seen a stabilization in the market, we’ve had a bit of forward spend. But, we see that as really an opportunity to ensure that we continue to drive good forward revenue growth and take advantage of an improving market. So, we’re very comfortable with the way the Resources business is currently being managed.
Todd Hyatt: Yes, just about how the business is performing. We do expect the sub base to prove a bit in the second half of the year, but low single digit is the place to be for 2018 in terms of reported revenue.
Todd Hyatt: Lance, the other thing I would add is that with the exception of the municipal bonds, these are not fully penetrated asset classes in capital markets. So, there is opportunity from a market perspective to drive a greater level of penetration. There are regional markets that we’re stronger in and regional markets that we have opportunity to continue to grow share. There are certainly a universe of banks that we can sale more products and services to. We can add add-on products to the existing solutions, and really the trend to automated workflow solutions, and these utility services, this positions us extremely well to capitalize on those. And then, also the opportunity from the broader financial services perspective to drive revenue synergies. So, I don’t think you should look at this solely through the lens of capital markets activity and draw conclusion on ability to sustain revenue growth.
Todd Hyatt: I think on the adjusted EBITDA -- adjusted EPS, as a I said, little bit higher interest expense. We want to accommodate Ipreo in the guidance. We see a penny there of drag at the time of that acquisition. So, that’s why you don’t have perfect symmetry between the adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS.
Todd Hyatt: Relative to Ipreo, we gave very clear numbers for 2019, 370 of revenue, $115 million of adjusted EBITDA and said that it was modestly accretive. So that’s Ipreo. Relative to MarkitSERV, we haven’t provide -- we provided a view of the size of MarkitSERV including revenue, margin profile. We’ve -- as the process moves forward, we’ll provide more information on that. But, we haven’t talked about valuation with the MarkitSERV disposition.
