John F. Callahan: Thank you, Terry. Let me begin this morning by discussing our consolidated results. Terry has just discussed the record first quarter revenue that we delivered, which represented 6% growth versus 2011. The solid revenue performance was leveraged by limiting our adjusted expense growth to just 3%, essentially 1/2 of our revenue growth. As a result, we were able to realize adjusted operating profit growth of 18% and delivered a consolidated adjusted operating margin of 19%. This resulted in margin improvement of approximately 200 basis points versus last year. We are beginning to see the benefits from the multiple initiatives underway across the organization to improve expense productivity as we separate the company and prepare for the spin-off of Education. In addition, we were able to leverage this strong growth with substantial share repurchases. The result was to turn the 18% growth in adjusted operating profit into a 30% increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share. Our share repurchase program is an important part of the Growth and Value Plan. Since the beginning of 2011, the corporation has repurchased nearly 36 million shares at a weighted average price of $42.05. This is a reduction of approximately 12% of the shares outstanding at that time. Apart from the completion of the accelerated share repurchase program, no other shares were repurchased so far in 2012. As we get closer to separation and accumulate additional cash, we will consider when to resume share repurchases. We have a very strong balance sheet with cash and short-term investments of $932 million. Year-over-year, our adjusted free cash flow was down $44 million. The first quarter is the seasonally weakest cash flow quarter. This was exaggerated this year by the timing of some working capital and tax payment items. We fully expect to deliver another year of solid adjusted free cash flow growth, with guidance of approximately $750 million. Now let me provide some additional details around the execution of the Growth and Value Plan. During the quarter, we continued to make progress on our target of at least $100 million in run rate cost savings by the end of 2012. The margin expansion that we delivered in the first quarter was, in part, due to these efforts. We have already taken some actions that deliver cost saving, and as the year progresses, we plan to take more. Therefore, the cost savings from these initiatives should step up throughout the year. However, we are not solely focused on reducing costs. We continue to make targeted investments in the business to support global growth and enhanced capability. We do want to give you our current outlook with regard to the onetime costs in support of the separation and the cost reduction plan. Please keep in mind that these are estimates and timing has not been finalized. We will update you as we progress through the year. During the first quarter, we incurred $33 million of onetime Growth and Value Plan costs that we noted in this morning's press release. We anticipate that for the remainder of the year, we will incur an additional $100 million of onetime separation expenses necessary to implement the Growth and Value Plan. These onetime expenses are largely professional fees as we need to support the various consultants, business process and information technology firms and financial advisors. Please keep in mind this is the working estimate. In addition, we anticipate that during 2012, we will continue to incur restructuring costs as part of our ongoing cost reduction initiatives as we did during the fourth quarter of 2011. While the timing of these actions are still fluid, restructuring expense for 2012 could be approximately up to $75 million. As we prepare to file the Form 10 necessary for a tax-free spin of the Education business, I want to update you with some high-level thoughts with regards to the capital structure of the 2 new companies. We expect that McGraw-Hill Financial will carry a strong investment-grade rating and continue to be committed to a strong dividend. With McGraw-Hill Education, we are targeting a more flexible investment-grade rating and a modest dividend. We will ensure that at the time of the spin-off, that there is adequate liquidity to meet business needs and to manage the seasonal fluctuations in working capital. And as Terry mentioned, we have received a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service agreeing to the tax-free status for the spin-off of McGraw-Hill Education. All in all, we are off to a terrific start with a record first quarter. Our guidance remains unchanged, separation activities are accelerating, our cost reduction programs are on track and we are focused on the mission to establish 2 powerful industry leaders by year end. With that, now let me turn the call back over to Terry McGraw.
John F. Callahan: I'll just add, it was -- we were right around 40% margins in Q1. And I think on a full year basis, we would look to be sort of in that range or a tad better.
John F. Callahan: The margin's is a spectacular start for that business, in the high 20s. I think we'd kind of on a full year basis, be pointing back, and from a margin point of view, more just sort of toward the mid-20s. As we sort through the year, there's going to be some timing of some investments as we go through the year, and the mix was quite good in Q1. So we're not -- we wouldn't project to maintain that margin for the full year at this time.
John F. Callahan: And just seasonally, I wouldn't use the word limited, but it is the low point in terms of domestic cash availability and we'll start to accumulate as we go through the year. And as we get closer to separation, we'll be back to evaluate that.
John F. Callahan: And Bill, just to -- I think there's not too many companies out there that are working on both separation and cost reduction at the same time. And I fully anticipate each company, once they are separate as we go into 2013, will be detailing their own productivity plans going forward.
John F. Callahan: Peter, we were -- in terms of -- all-in for the balance, I think sort of mid- to high-single digit in some of the expense growth rate. I think that we have some overlaps that may move around a little bit. But again, we're going to prudently manage any headcount adds depending on what's going on in the overall marketplace. I mean, right now, one of the challenges we're dealing with is, at least in certain segments, we have pretty fast growth right now and we have to be sure that we have the right capability to stay on. And I think all-in for the year, we'll be 40% or a bit better from a margin point of view and that's sort of the range we're seeing as we stand right now.
John F. Callahan: I certainly believe there's an opportunity to start to leverage that and start to move forward. There are -- and it's not just the mix within S&P. I do think some of our broader cost initiatives, particularly once we get to a more focused operating company, McGraw-Hill Financial will provide the operation a few more opportunities to continue to get an improved expense productivity moving forward.
John F. Callahan: And Peter, one thing I'd just add that just from the way the expense -- the overlaps went, we had a tough overlap in Q1. But I would note that legal expense on sequential basis was down a bit. So nothing's changed in Q1 that we didn't have with us in Q4.
John F. Callahan: I wouldn't -- look, I think with the cases that are left, there's some run rate spend until, I think, some of these cases are resolved. So I wouldn't point to any immediate upside there, but...
John F. Callahan: Yes -- no, I think we'd like or I think we’d be in pretty much in the same place today. I think we've done a few -- within McGraw-Hill Financial, some of the segments, McGraw-Hill -- S&P Capital IQ Index, it will be -- some of the acquisitions we're doing could be a tad dilutive to their run rate for the balance of the year. We're going to have -- we're having a lot of volatility on the Index side, so that can move around a little bit. But we're also, on the other hand, perhaps a bit more optimistic about the growth in Ratings than maybe we were back in January. So I think on balance, overall, the way I'd characterize McGraw-Hill Financial, we're still feeling pretty comfortable with the outlook for the year.
John F. Callahan: Well, I mean, in terms of McGraw-Hill Financial -- in terms of McGraw-Hill Education because that's really where they were seeing obviously a change in terms of a rating, probably BBB- would be a potential way to think about it. And then effectively no change for McGraw-Hill Financial relative to maybe better over time.
John F. Callahan: Last year, it was $10 million. We called that out specifically in Q4. And so that's when we started to incur -- let me give you a sense of what's in those numbers. Part of it is there's just work that has to be done here so -- just to get the Form 10 ready, we had gotten some help from -- in the IRS. We've gotten some help from some of the accounting consulting firms. We have some process consultants in helping us manage the various work streams that we have going across the company. For a while, we're going to outsource certain activities, most likely going to outsource certain activities that we're going to have -- we're going to have to start paying those vendors before we start to realize the cost saves. So effectively, for a couple of months, we're going to have double costs. It's just trying to give you some sense of that onetime cost of driving the separations. So those are just some examples of what's in there.
John F. Callahan: One comment on the U.S. is that while obviously the bond market was very active in Q1, the bank loan market was actually down considerably versus year ago. So there was a bit of a mix impact in the U.S. But again, the bond market in the U.S. was fantastic. And also, too, the international side, I think continues to benefit a little bit more on the non-transaction side with the continued growth in the broad product lines that we have within our CRISIL business and some of our other international businesses.
John F. Callahan: Ed, it's Jack. Professional's actually -- it's certainly not one of our bigger segments, but the interesting thing about Professional is that it's the place where we've seen the shift to digital in the marketplace in that segment faster, the fastest, so in some ways it's sort of, if you use the analogy the tip of the spear, as we start to demonstrate that capability. But I would tell you that if you were then to say, okay, which large segment is becoming most like Professional, we would say right after that's probably our Higher Ed business in the U.S. It's not as digital as yet. It's maybe about half this penetration that we're seeing in Professional, but we're starting to see accelerated growth in that area. So I think what you're going to see is the change not so much in terms of our ability to sell, but the readiness of customers to accept and want and demand digital products.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: The answer to that is yes from what we're seeing at this point, both in terms of corporate's and government's continued activity on the public finance side and also some growth in the covered bonds. So yes, I think so.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, again, for Q1, coming out of the fourth quarter, we had a couple of targeted expenses that were unusual to the quarter and it had a bit of an effect on it. We see that's moving out and being on a more normal run rate for the rest of the year, but we will see. We also had some onetime additional legal costs that were associated with that. And we see that's moving out as well. So we think that there was just a couple of targeted expense areas influencing us and that we'll be back to a more normal run rate.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes. Well, look, we went through an accelerated program through 2011, completing 1.5 million shares -- $1.5 billion in terms of a buyback. And so coming into this year and seeing how the Growth and Value Plan was progressing, we just slowed that part down and we are dedicated to it, and we will get back to it.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, it's very important, Craig, that we have a very clear and established direction and the direction that we have taken is that of a spin. We were looking for the IRS' favorable ruling, which we've received. The Form 10 is ready to go. And in terms of standing up the business, a lot of progress is made. Now having said that, and consistently I've said that we will look at all aspects of this, the most important thing is obviously getting the most value we possibly can for the shareholders. And that's what we'll do. But our direction and -- to make sure that we're on progress and that the outcome is for 2012, we are on to the spin, but we will obviously look at all things.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, Craig, as I've said before, it's important to put a benchmark down and we have said in excess of $100 million. Clearly, as we complete both the preparation and the execution for separation, there are going to be a lot of other opportunities to look at and some are clear and some are not yet. And so I think sticking with at least $100 million is the right thing to do, and we will keep informing you of changes to that. And I agree with you, I think that there is an upside to that number.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, I think that it's going to be a difficult market for 2012 and this is coming off of several years of a difficult market. When you have as many states as we do that are in deficit and the funding comes from state and local municipality tax structures, it's putting an awful lot of pressure on the K-12 system and all that. And certainly, one of the things that, from a political agenda and hopefully from a business and government agenda, America has to start to think about infrastructure, education and 21st century skill sets and our investment in those areas if we're going to be successful in this knowledge economy. But clearly, the funding level is down significantly on the adoption side and the open territory side at best is going to be fragmented.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, thanks, Peter. We've said all along with the types of suits that these represent, Standard & Poor's is clearly not a seller or distributor of securities. And so anything that would say or suggest that we do is just flat out wrong. And once we get our opportunity to explain that, that gets recognized. In terms of stock drop suits and things like that, again it just takes time to get through the system and we do everything at the federal level. And it takes about 2.5 years from when you get a suit before you get before a federal judge. So the time part is there. So I think the overall picture and the success that we said is in keeping with exactly what I said back about 1.5 years, a couple of years ago, which is that the risk is relatively low and it's bearing out. And you're right. Who knows and what comes around. And we will deal with everything as we go. But right now, the legal risk is low and we're very pleased with the reaction that we're getting in the system.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, in terms of the spin, we are looking -- we said by the end of 2012 and we're looking a little quicker than that. Obviously, we've got to file the Form 10. We've got to work on standing up the business as an independent company, which means strengthening elements of the management team. And so as we do that from a timetable standpoint, we're looking at somewhere hopefully in the October and November standpoint.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: And also, for the guidance, Michael, for the entire company, with the $3.25, $3.35 EPS, we're right on that.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: No, no. We just want to make sure that in terms of making sure that we have the most complete information in the Form 10, we're looking at a number of issues in terms of both management organization and some of the shared costs, and so we're essentially ready to go and I think you'll see something very soon.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, what we were saying that McGraw-Hill Financial now, that's all 3 segments, derives about 40% of its revenues from outside the United States and that was growing at 12% versus domestic growth of about 5%. And clearly, the contribution was coming not only from S&P Ratings, but also S&P Capital IQ, Indices and Platts on that side as well.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, David, it's a great question because that's exactly what we're seeing, is tremendous emerging market activity. As we see more local bond markets cropping up, whether it be Tel Aviv or Johannesburg or Jakarta or any of these places, they are all trying to develop the capability of being able to establish more robust capital markets. And increasingly, for us, besides the more developed countries, a lot of activity is going to develop partnerships and developing stronger relationships in those markets. A great example of that is in India, is the whole CRISIL operation, which is doing exceptionally well and growing at a fabulous rate. But also because of the fact that with infrastructure financing and so forth, in India alone, over the next 5 years, they're going to need $1 trillion of infrastructure financing. So that's where some of that kind of growth is coming from. So again, especially driven off of infrastructure, the emerging markets represent an increasingly very important opportunity for us.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: That's a good one. It's clearly fragmented and clearly growing. One of the things that we launched last year that's doing very well is with our relationship with Apple, 5 titles on the iPad, and that was aimed at high schools. Other programs like the CINCH Math and CINCH Science and things like that are also doing very well. But there has to be a funding receptivity in that. And what we're really seeing is replacement where some of these programs are replacing more traditional product. Jack mentioned the Higher Ed area as well. By the way, just in terms of the Apple relationship, Ed, we've got 50 programs on the iPad in the Professional area now. This having to do with science, engineering, medical, in these areas. Fabulous programs. And we have 70 titles at the Higher Ed side on the iPad now and it's getting increasing receptivity in going in that direction. But for Higher Education, as you know, our big programs have been McGraw-Hill Connect, McGraw-Hill Campus, McGraw-Hill Create. These have all been direct solutions to specific, either home study or homework helping or actually curriculum-support initiatives. So I mean you can extrapolate it out, but the digital component of this is just growing ever so quickly, and the capability that we have gratifies us on this. Now we got to get some help in the markets, especially in K-12, on that part. But where we can see people replacing product, traditional product, you're going to start to see even more receptivity.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: It depends on -- it obviously depends on the school and all of that. But clearly, parent receptivity is high. Teacher training becomes a bit of an issue and one of the things that we have to be able to do is to help support that whole function. But certainly, there's no pushback on it. It's really, from a district standpoint, much more of a funding of the replacement.
