Doug Peterson: Hi, Toni. Thank you. This is Doug. First of all, as you know during the year last year, we had a solid year during the year, but the fourth quarter in particular December ended up with very weak comparables from prior years. In particular, there was a shift in the high yield market where people started thinking differently about the type of covenants that were going out to the markets. We also had as you know the impact from tax reform from the largest cash holders that started bringing their cash back and had not gone to the market. We think that the January is not necessarily indicative of the entire year. As you know, typically January is a pretty weak month. One of the things that was important in January is to see in the second half of January in the third and fourth week, the markets actually started rebounding. You saw more people coming back to the market. You saw spreads came down in the high yield market, but as you know in our forecast overall, we have a forecast for total issuance, which takes into account the pipeline that we see coming in from maturities. We speak with the investment banks and with issuers And right now, we have projected that for the entire year that issuance will be down about 0.6%. So call it down a little bit or flat. We think that in the corporate sector that’s going to be down about 4%. Financial services is going to be down of about 1.3%, structured finance, basically flat, and public finance up over the prior year of about 9%. So if you look across different categories this is how we’ve calculated and this is what we’ve used to build into our plans for the year.
Doug Peterson: Let me take that one. Well, first of all as you know that the Chinese financial markets are still a very big centric market. In fact, as were doing the work to understand the opportunity for Ratings business, we did a lot of macro analysis of the market and just to share with you a couple of the numbers. For instance in the bond market in China, 54% of the bonds are held by banks and 32% by mutual funds and wealth management projects. Only 2% of the bonds in China are held by foreign investors. And the issuers themselves are spread between corporate bonds, which are actually quite low compared to other markets local governments’ commercial banks etcetera. But what’s important is, is the Chinese market becomes more sophisticated as the bond markets shift to become a true bond market and not a commercial banking market as more foreign investors start going into the Chinese market. We looked at the structure of markets and the way they change over time as they become more developed. And what we believe is that there is our basic thesis is that there will be more and more demand for independent analytics. So, one of the first products is obviously the ratings. And we think that, that is a market which will develop pretty quickly especially because there is going to be demand not just from the domestic investors, but also over time from international investors. And along with that, as in any market comes the demand for other types of products and services, data products, information, more information about private companies that don’t have that are not publicly traded. And this is where we’re looking at the Market Intelligence offering to be able to provide more data and analytics at Cap IQ, SNL like data service for the Chinese markets. And we’ve just started mentioning that, and we’ve just started rolling it out. We have a team on the ground. One of the other elements which is for us is, actually quite exciting of the launch of the Chinese market is that we’re -- we’re also doing this as a team. We’re doing it as S&P Global, even though the Rating agency has its own license, and it has its own staff. We’re also going in with one effort, when it comes to hiring and our human resources and people policies, one legal and compliance team. So we can actually leverage our sources on the ground so we were able to go to market. But, overall our thesis is that as the market becomes more sophisticated, more connected, there’s going to be a whole set of data and analytic and financial products, which are going to be necessary in the market and we want to be on the ground floor as they become more important.
Doug Peterson: Thanks Hamzah, this is Doug. First of all on the pricing, it’s basically about the same, it’s not -- there’s not a material difference between the pricing, between the two different products. In Europe, we continue to see Europe, the capital markets are continuing to develop. But you have one major impact, which has in a sense slowed down what we thought was going to be the ultimate development and that is the ECB is continuing to provide a lot of liquidity for the markets. But in the last in the last quarter up until you had the slowdown of the leverage loan market, the European markets were actually moving quite fast. There was a lot of issuance. And in the last two weeks of January, the European leverage markets actually came back to life, and there was there was issuance back in the European market. So, we do think in the long run, the European markets will continue to move towards capital markets more quickly obviously compared that we just talked about in the prior questions about China. Europe is a much more developed capital market than what we see as one that’s just starting out, but it’s not quite still at the level of U.S. when it comes to participation of traditional capital market entities like insurance companies and pension funds and asset managers. But it -- but we’re seeing continued move in that direction.
Doug Peterson: Okay. Thanks Alex. Well just to give you a little bit more of the ramp up plan. As you heard, we have 36 employees in the entity, 31 of those are analysts. Of those analysts, about 10 of them are employees from S&P Global that transferred in from other parts of the world, who are bringing the core knowledge and expertise of how S&P Global works everywhere else. They are native Mandarin speakers that have come in from other offices. And then, we've hired 21 more analysts from the markets, being a first mover was an advantage to us, because we were able to go out the market and attract a very large pool of candidates and hire a really highly qualified set of people. And because we were there first, and we already have started hiring, we think, that we can ramp up very quickly if the demand comes in. Right now in China there’s about 4000 issuers that are rated across the markets by the domestic rating agencies. We rate about 400 of those offshore. We’ve already developed plans to go out and meet with all of those different 400 that we’re working with already as well as the others as many as possible of the other issues that are rated. I can’t. I don’t want to give you any kind of financial projections on this, but I can tell you that the pricing that we’re looking at over time will develop to a similar level as around the globe. It’s likely to start out where you need to enter the market at a level pricing that’s going to be able to get us to close the transactions and get out into the markets. But, we expect over time that the pricing is going to be similar to the rest of the world. As you know, pricing on Bond ratings is actually a very low amortized cost for compared to the cost of actual bond issuance. And so that’s why we think we can over time, we can develop to that level of pricing. We -- when we look at the different kinds of bond markets, is as you saw in our prepared remarks, there’s four different categories of bonds that we’re able to rate, that we’ve been approved for. We think that the financial institutions in the corporates are really the core area that we will start rating right away, because that’s where we have the relationships with the 400 issuers. We do have as you as you know; we have very long term thinking about this. This is something that developed over the long term. This didn’t just come about over one quarter. We've been working on this for years. John Berisford, Ewout, and myself have been visiting China for years to build the relationships and to understand the markets. And with that kind of a long-term commitment to the way we've approached to this is the same way we think about building out the business and ensuring that we build it with a really strong foundation and a really strong team on the ground.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So let me give you a few of the thoughts on that. And let me start with the leveraged market. And it’s as you have seen in the numbers we presented, the leverage market has the component of the financial, the corporations that go to leverage market can go either to the bond market or to the loan market. They’ve increasingly been going to the loan market for various reasons, based on the kinds of borrowers -- the kinds of lenders and investors that have gone in the market. The attraction of a floating rate, versus fixed rate. The attraction of the kinds of covenants and other aspects of the loan market that they could get. We saw a correction in that market in December, and there’s a lot of people including myself that think that some of the aspects of that were probably healthy. Leverage had gotten quite high. You saw leverage in some deals going over 6, 7 sometimes even eight times. And so since the market has opened up, even though there’s a lot of investors going back to the market. There’s been some correction in terms of leverage not so much in covenants so far, but much more in total leverage amounts. And so we see that as one of the factors which will be driving our forecast going forward. A little bit more specifically on the forecasts. And you mentioned that since our October outlook, our December outlook, and our January outlook we’ve seen actually a moderation of the -- of that when we first did our 2019 forecast in October we expected that it was going to be up about 0.6%, December about the same up 0.6% and now we see it going down 0.6%. So just to give you some of the sentiment and some of the areas that we see those changes. We -- we did drop a little bit on the corporates, we dropped it by about another 1% down from the prior forecast just based on the pipelines that we’ve seen from the market participants. But financial services is the one that we saw the largest shift between the end of the year and now the beginning of the year. And that had originally been expected to go up 5% and now we’re expected to only go up about 1.3%. And the main difference there is based on what we expect financial institutions are going to be issuing related to reserve requirements and some of them by speaking with them a lot of them are not going to be growing their balance sheets as much as we had originally expected. So this goes back to policies, capital policies at the Fed as well as capital policies of the banks themselves. And that’s probably the largest difference overall that drove that. So a little bit in the corporates, a lot more from financial institutions and then our outlook for the leverage market it’s come back, not necessarily with the same level of leverage that we saw in the middle of the year last year, but it actually has come back pretty healthy .The last couple weeks of January the markets were back, they were open again after 45 days of being closed.
Doug Peterson: Good morning, Tim. Yes, we are just trying to highlight and to make this transparent to you and also show you the specific areas where we are investing. To give you a little bit broader perspective, we’re of course always investing in our businesses, in business as usual to keep our balance marks relevant in systems, and processes, in new designs of the organization. So, there is always a lot of level of business as usual investments. What we are trying to highlight here is investments specifically in new initiatives, new products and new markets. As we showed you in 2018, those investments were at the level of $60 million. And that will go up by approximately $40 million to $50 million to that new number for 2019 in those areas like China. And I think everyone would agree with me that the Chinese Ratings opportunity for the Company is very large and it makes a lot of sense to make this investment. And the Company will see hopefully a lot of benefit out of that in the mid- and long-term. So obviously we are self-funding those initiatives. You see that we have productivity programs going on, where everyone has savings on the one hand, and capturing the operating leverage and then reinvesting it. And also you see the margins still going up for the company. So another indication that we are self-funding those initiatives. So we hope it’s overall helpful that they get this clarity. And do you have a feel where the company is making the large investments in new initiatives going forward to expect future revenue growth for the company on top of our current business activities.
Doug Peterson: Sure, Tim. What is happening is as you know we’re going through the process to move all Market Intelligence customers to enterprise wide contracts. So this is purely an administrative process where we are changing the contracts, you have discussions about the new language of the new contracts, those contracts then need to be signed new invoices needs to be issued, and then there needs to be a cash collection on those new invoices. So going through this process right now, the change in timelines have shifted from about 10 days to fifty two days in terms of cash collection. So this is purely a delay in the process. We expect to catch up off that during 2019. So therefore you see a free cash flow number guidance for 2019, which is up 10% to 15% over the free cash flow we generated in 2018.
Doug Peterson: Just going through the whole process of new contract, legal documentation, signing, processing, invoicing and so on. It’s purely administrative renewal process itself.
Doug Peterson: The list price that has been issued is 6.95. You see that was up from approximately 6.75. So, about 3% increase year-over-year. That is just the headline, list price of course there’s a lot of differentiation by type of customer, type of arrangements and so on. But that would be the headline number.
Doug Peterson: My expectation is that this will take a little bit to play out. What I'd like to do is, give you numbers as we start looking at this over quarter-by-quarter. We'll figure it how often and how much we're going to -- we will give you about our progress. But just a couple of more -- couple more statistics about the market. Overall in China the total lending market, including everything is about $20.6 trillion. Of that, about $13 trillion is corporate. So it's -- little bit more than half of the market is corporate loans. And of that about $2 trillion more or less are bonds of which $1 trillion are bonds outstanding of corporates. So think about $1 trillion corporate bond market, about 4000 issuers. We think that we’ve got 400 that we are going to have relationships that we can tap as the first companies that we go to. We also, as you know the panda bond market where foreign issuers go into the Chinese market, is one that is it’s very small right now, but we think that’s another area that will bring specific expertise as well as interest from foreign issuers to go into the Chinese market using S&P as the company that’s going to do the rating. So I don’t want to give you any projections or numbers on the revenues over time. As I’ve said, we see this as a market which is going to transform to more of a global capital market, much more connected. As I mentioned earlier, that it’s only 2% of the bonds in China are held by foreign investors. So we see that growing. And so let us come back to you to give you updates on our progress. So we can really understand how fast this is going to move once we’re starting to see volume come in through the door.
Doug Peterson: Well, the two pieces which are the most significant that I mentioned a couple of minutes ago, the corporates which are down 4.8% more or less what we’re projecting, that’s mostly the U.S. And that’s mostly the U.S. and it’s partially because of tax reform and what our projections are as to what will be the issuance level for the companies that have very cash rich balance sheets. And then the other which is, is probably the most significant as I said financial services. That’s also U.S. And that’s the – that’s the U.S. financial institutions that are the ones that are projecting they have smaller balance sheets, or less growth on their balance sheets than we had expected three and four months ago. So that’s the color that I can give you based on the analysis that our team has done.
Doug Peterson: Well, thanks Joseph for the question. As we’ve gone into the Chinese market, as I mentioned earlier, this is something that we’ve been looking at for years. This isn’t just something that cropped up in the last quarter. And we’ve also already had a business on the ground for over 10 years of with ratings analysts on the ground in China, who have been rating Chinese corporations on offshore issuance or dim sum bonds that are issued offshore. And as I mentioned, we have 400 of those that we’ve already rated. So we know that there is at least 400 companies that are already audited by global auditing firms. They have transparency in their financials. They’ve been going offshore to raise funds. And so there is already a core group of corporations and financial institutions in China that are rated and are already issuing bonds at global standards. But clearly you’re raising what for us is are very important points, and how do we -- how do we roll out the Ratings business in a market, which is developing. We are using our knowledge and experience of how we’ve gone into other markets, like India through CRISIL or Mexico with which we did an acquisition many years ago to go into that market. Both India and Mexico are markets where we issue with local Rating scales, where we do not have Rating scales that are linked to the global scales, they’re there based on local market conditions. And so one of the reasons, that we’re rolling out are China Rating agency is a local independently scaled Rating agency is that we want to be able to meet and understand all the local conditions of what are the conditions of bankruptcy laws. What are the conditions of workouts? What are the conditions of companies that could potentially have any kind of a default or a payment issue? And this is why it’s important for us to go in that market independently with a locally managed Rating agency. We’ve been working closely with the regulators to ensure that they understand the Rating agency model, as we roll it out. It’s critical that they understand that we’re independent and that our ratings are going to be issued with an independent opinion that we’ve got the right kind of analysts that are well-trained. So we’ve understood, we’ve looked at what are the kinds of risks. Do we get the right kind of disclosure from companies? Do you have the ability to understand if there’s been a payment issue? Do we have the right kind of regulatory environment, which we think is being developed in a way that’s very professional and understanding what are the other environments around the globe for four rating regimes etcetera. So we’ve gone in with this over many many years of analysis, many, many years of building relationships and we think that some of those risks that you mentioned are things that we have a good ways to mitigate or manage.
Doug Peterson: Yes, let me give you a couple of thoughts on that. First, we are looking at more and more datasets. Ideally, proprietary data sets that are unique, and only can be found on our platform, but it could also be other data sets that we license and therefore incorporate. As we mentioned during the prepared remarks, with data sets it’s very important that those data and assets are linked to our existing mast or database. So that there is an automatic link between entities, between individuals, between a lot of different other data sets because data is only valuable if it is put in perspective of all the other data, rich data, that we have already today on our platform. Therefore, it’s so important that we are working on that new search engine. The only search with Kensho because the more data we put on our platform, the more important it will be for our customers to find the right data, and to use that data in the future. Hence, the investments we are doing with Kensho on the Omnisearch. Moreover, we are having a lot of data intake elements within the organization, and we’re thinking now about a design of the overall data factory to make data and more a commodity within the firm, based on the same definitions, the same data architecture, have an efficient data intake which is based on a lot of technology tools and to take the benefits of the enterprise as a whole. So data is core to our strategy, core to our business growth, core to the commercial propositions that are being developed by our businesses, and we make a lot of investments in this area. But ultimately, this will be the main driver of revenue growth for the company in the future.
Doug Peterson: No, if you look at the unallocated, what we are doing is moving to Kensho revenue to the Market Intelligence revenue. And the reason why we are doing that is more or more the Kensho contracts with Kensho customers are being folded into overall Market Intelligence relationships with the same customers, and therefore it’s more difficult to separately identify Kensho revenue in the future. So that’s why it’s being integrated with revenue of Market Intelligence. So if you look purely at unallocated expenses, unallocated expenses were $171 million for 2018, which is then excluding the $15 million Kensho revenue. That included $20 million of funding 40 foundation that happened last year, and Kensho expenses. But Kensho expenses you have to realize those were Kensho expenses over a nine month period. So now we are of course having Kensho expenses for the full year 2019. So if you look at those -- all those elements, we’ll continue to see a nice reduction in unallocated expenses to that range of $155 million to $165 million in 2019 which is ultimately then based on the productivity programs we are introducing within the company.
Doug Peterson: If you look at Kensho expenses, we have Kensho expenses that are being included from a performance basis. And then we have access Kensho expenses that are based on the rollover equity as part of the consideration for the acquisitions. So, what we have done is we looked at what is market compensation for employees of Kensho. Everything that is market level is being included on the non-GAAP basis and everything that's over and above what will be normalized market levels which is based on that rollover equity that is being stripped out as the Kensho retention related expenses. That number you should see coming down over time. And the reason is just purely the accounting is an accelerated accounting methods. So every year you see that number coming down very quickly, the excess expenses for Kensho that are being pulled out on a non-GAAP basis.
Doug Peterson: That's really a great question. So there is always going to be some movements in headcount. So when we do acquisitions of course headcount will go up. So for example, in corporate headcount went up for example based on the Kensho acquisition. But also headcount in market intelligence is up and that's based on the acquisitions of Panjiva, RateWatch, but also new content sets that MI is introducing. So we will have reductions of headcount based on productivity on existing data sets in market intelligence and then headcount additions for the new datasets that are being introduced. Corporate headcount might go up a bit overtime because when we are centralizing certain activities in centers of excellence it might mean a shift from headcount in the divisions to corporate. So that could be an other shift. Also when we are in sourcing certain activities for example the IT and engineering activities in ratings will ultimately be an increase in headcount for ratings, but that is an offset on external surfaces that will be eliminated going forward. So that's a shift in headcount numbers but not so much a shift in expenses or actually that is a decline in expenses that we will realize as a company.
Doug Peterson: This is an area where we are very pleased with some of the first results of the Kensho collaboration. We have talked to you about Crunchbase. But in the meantime, we have done the same with the algorithms that have been developed on other private company data sets. And the benefit of entity linking is the following; it’s not only a expense-reduction opportunity. Of course, in the past, we could do the same entity linking but by asking a lot of teams and a lot of employees to work on that. And that will take a lot of time to achieve data linking with the right quality of data. Is it the same entity, the name is spelled at a slightly different way, slightly different abbreviation? Is it a subholding? Is it in another jurisdiction? So a lot of work has to be done to make sure that entity linking is correct and accurate. So by doing this now based on algorithms, of course, we find efficiency opportunities, but the larger benefit is in fact in the revenue opportunity. Why? Because of speed to market we can significantly increase speed to market of new data sets, the quality of the products we bring out because in the end with the algorithms we can achieve a higher quality and less errors going forward. And we can think about new products that you could never bring to the market in the past. Certain data sets are so large that it is almost impossible to achieve any ingestion of that by humans, but we can do that now in a fraction of the time by our algorithms. And therefore we can now introduce products to we could never think of in the past. So in the end, we always look at this as a larger revenue opportunity than an efficiency opportunity. And again, we are very pleased with the results so far we have been able to achieve.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Well, first of all, thank you, Peter that you’ve been able to get on the call. And when it comes to the ratings business or when we look at the market share globally we continue to have a very strong market share. It’s -- there’s a couple of areas where we see weaknesses. One of them is in CLOs. As you know there’s a couple of other businesses like covered bonds that we’re not really active in at all. So if there’s any place where we have seen areas that we will put some additional concentration on looking at our penetration it’s all in the structured finance area.
Doug Peterson: Peter, the progress we have made over the last quarter is moving from 76% to 81% Cap IQ customers moving to enterprise wide agreements. So a nice 5% step up. What we're seeing now is what we call the long tail. We are now making those changes for a large group of smaller customers. We're not planning to really call out those numbers anymore in the future. We’ll continue over the next period to drive this to a 100% level over the next year or so. But we will continue to make progress to ultimately have 100% percent of our customers on enterprise-wide agreements. So good progress. And I think, basically for us the last final number of customers we'll deal with over the remainder of this year.
Doug Peterson: Great. Well, thanks, everyone for joining the call this morning. I’m sure you can hear how enthusiastic we are about the company -- a company about our prospects for the future. As you can see we have a lot of initiatives to look at our top line growth and our productivity. We’re committed to continue to manage towards important productivity, but also very importantly to growth. And you heard about some of our plans for our data operations for technology in particular around artificial intelligence and machine learning and the kind of impact that can have on us. And I also want to thank all of you for the questions about China and our international operations. We’re very enthusiastic about the opportunity we have going forward in China and we'll keep bringing you updates on that as we go forward. And on top of that, I want to thank our great Board of Directors, our management team, our global workforce the commitment they have as well to power the markets in the future and the framework that we'll continue to show you new going forward as to how we're allocating capital where we're growing. And again, I want to thank all of you and we look forward to even more success in 2019. Thank you very much.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning Toni. This is Ewout. So the strong margin improvement in Market Intelligence was driven on the one hand as you’ve seen by very healthy revenue growth, and then on the other hand, by small decline in expenses. If you look at the underlying components in the expense movements, there were a couple of items that were going in opposite directions, and therefore showing the decline, small decline, modest decline in expenses. Compensation, base compensation was up, but then there was an offset in lower incentive compensation accruals. So the net was close to zero. We saw strong sales in the fourth quarter, strong sales was driving up the cost of sales, as well as intersegments royalties, but then also strong sales leads to a higher capitalization of acquisition costs under the new revenue accounting methods. So those are also a bit offsetting. We saw FX having a positive impact on the expenses of Market Intelligence. Allocations were down, so corporate allocations were down, but then acquisitions that were down during the year, most notably, Panjiva and RateWatch were driving expenses up. So a lot of moving pieces, but net, net small decline in expenses and therefore a good improvement in margins, but we don’t expect all of these items to recur in every quarter. So therefore, the full year margin is a better guidance for Market Intelligence going forward.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Manav. This is Ewout. First, in our guidance we assume current spot market ForEx rates. So that is what is the underlying assumption. If you look at our guidance with respect to top line for the company as a whole, as you know we’re not breaking out guidance for each of the segments. But what I can explain to you is some of the assumptions underneath. So if you have to think about Ratings as Doug already mentioned, our assumption is more or less flat issuance markets during 2019, and then we have some small adjustments in market shares in certain segments. And then we also take into account price increases based on the new list price that we are using from the first of January of this year. So that is the underlying assumption we have under our plan for 2019 for Ratings. We have two subscription businesses. So those are, I think businesses that fee growth based on the annualized contract value that we are increasing every year. And you have seen the good progress we’re making for Platts and Market Intelligence. And then with respect to indices, as you know there is a natural hedge in our indices business. If stock markets will come down, we see exchange traded derivate volumes going up, and the other way around. So you have to take that into account in your modeling to also reflect the growth of our indices business. But as we have said in the prepared remarks, we expect mid-single digit revenue growth for the company as a whole and contributions by each of our segments to achieve that.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning Hamza, this is Ewout. A couple of thoughts that hopefully are helpful. On the one hand, Ratings is working on very active programs to think about how to redesign its operations, its business model, its processes, its systems, is introducing new technologies in order to make the life of the [Indiscernible] analysts, more effective to take away some of the lower value added work, the spread work on updating of the models, and to replace that with new technologies and to get that done in a more efficient way. So, we expect operating leverage for Ratings to continue. You saw that we took another restructuring charge for Ratings as well. So, those are benefits in the programs where we will continue to see improvements in overall productivity in the Ratings organization. The other element that you have to take into account is incentive compensation. And we had some expense benefit during the quarter from the incentive compensation accruals. For the full year, the way how to dimensionalize that is the following. So, first Ratings had a very good year in 2017, as had some other businesses in the Company as you will recall. So we had very good payout. So we will see a reduction just every year a reset to a 100% of the accrual levels. And then this year particularly in the fourth quarter, the performance was of course lower. So now you have a reflection of lower pay outs from that 100% level. So if you look at the overall expense reduction, year-over-year for Ratings, which was approximately $120 million, the majority of that came from incentive accruals. A little over half of that was just a reset year-over-year to the 100% level, and a little bit less than half of that reduction came from the lower accruals that we established in 2018 that of course will come back up to the 100% level in 2019. So that is an automatic increase in the costs that we'll see in 2019 from 2018. But again, we expect also at the same time continued improvement all of the productivity programs that we are implementing in Ratings.
Ewout Steenbergen: And just to add one thing. One of the thing that John's trying to do in ratings is he aspires to try to be able to handle more and more and more credits each year with the same number of analysts. But we're not real looking to reduce there. We're looking to try to make the more more efficient with all the technology that we're trying to deploy.
Ewout Steenbergen: Hey, George, good morning. FX had a negative impact on non-transaction revenue. If you strip that element out it was more or less flat. The other elements that impacted non-transaction revenue was Rating Evaluation Services. We've always called out that debt could go up or down by quarter. That’s very much driven by the M&A environment. So we’ll have quarters where the rest revenues will be a little higher or a little lower. But overall we look at non-transaction revenue as a very stable source of revenues. And we expect that to continue to be a very steady source for the ratings business in the future.
Ewout Steenbergen: We are very encouraged by the progress we have made during the first year, $60 million in run rate and $40 million of that in our annual results for 2018. We will continue on the same pace what you have seen towards our targets and the main areas where we find those opportunities are in our functions. So we are trying to create new operating models for our functions across the enterprise both in the businesses as well as in the corporate center. We are looking at opportunities in our digital infrastructure area. For example, consolidation of some of our data centers moving to the cloud, other outsourcing arrangements et cetera, and we are taking care of real estate costs. We are reducing excess real estate we have in the company and are significantly driving down real estate expenses. And we will continue with all of those levers over the next few years. Of course, we will let you know once we have achieved this target and at that point announced to you a new target. But at this moment we are very encouraged by the progress we are making with all of those programs.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Obviously we cannot give you a very precise answer on that question. But let me give you some of the components. We have provided guidance with respect of free cash flow generation for this year. You know that we’re committed to return at least 75% of that number. You are aware of the dividend payout level we will do this year. So it’s not too difficult to assume what is the remainder in share repurchases that will be achieved. If we are going to exceed that number or not is to be seen. That depends very much on opportunities we will have this year. We always look first investments in organic opportunities because we think those are the most valuable as long as those make sense strategically and we can achieve the right returns in organic opportunities, but if those are not available then we can always return more than the 75% commitment that we have to the market. So, those are the components and I think that probably helps you, Bill with what you are looking for in terms of question.
