Martina Cheung: Thanks very much for the question. It's Martina here. Yes, very pleased with Q3 overall. As you have seen, our billed issuance was up 21% and a very, very strong September. In high yields, we were very pleased to see it was about 150% growth in issuance overall year-over-year in the quarter, and high yields year-to-date is up about 50% rated issuance in the market. We see strong refi activity there in Q3 and looking to see more of that as we go forward, certainly into next year. It's -- Q3 marked, I think, a notable point in terms of issuers willing to come back and tap the market for high yields. And then on bank loans, as we said before, we didn't have heroic assumptions on bank loan volumes for this year. Overall, while we saw an increase in Q3 year-over-year, we're still down year-over-year, year-to-date in bank loan issuance. There, we saw a lot of refinancing. Interestingly, a very strong trend this year that we saw in Q3 and are monitoring closely going forward is a lot of amend to extend activity -- or amend and extend activity rather in the bank loan space. And that's been a boost in that area from an issuance standpoint. For '24, obviously, we're not commenting yet for '24. We'll certainly give more on that in February. But the factors that we're watching closely, refinancing walls are very healthy. Our last midyear report on refinancing showed the 5-year total's up about 11%. And between now and '26, we see about $8 trillion in refinancing. So that's something that we watch closely, and that's a very robust growth in that area. But we also are looking at usual factors, the macroeconomic factors, certainly heightened geopolitical uncertainty. M&A has not been great this year. As we've seen, it's been down by quite a bit this year. So we're looking to see that come back in next year as well. And just the other point that I would make on -- as we're looking ahead in the next several quarters is that CP balances or commercial paper balances are quite high. So that could lead to some issuance if we see corporates transitioning from CP to fixed income. And we've commented in the past that we continue to see corporate cash balances at pre-pandemic levels, which we think will continue to boost the need for issuance as well.
Martina Cheung: Thanks, Toni, for the question. I give a couple of comments on this. Certainly, we would look at the differences between market issuance and billed issuance. And I think Doug and Ewout cover that routinely in terms of how to assess our performance specifically. For us, the billed issuance data in Q3 was strong for a number of reasons. Firstly, it's a bit of a mix question. So high yield, more bank loans, less frequent issuer compared year-over-year, which is just a function of when the high-yield and leverage loan issuers tap the market. I would also say we're extremely pleased with the progress and momentum that we have in a number of asset classes. When we talked to you last year at Investor Day, we said we were making investments in structured finance. We were making investments in infrastructure. We had acquired Shades of Green and making investment in SPO. And we've seen really robust performance in all of those areas, which we had tagged and very, very pleased to see those results.
Martina Cheung: Scott, thanks so much for the question. Just reflecting the prior question as well when we did the IR Day, I said that 2 points. One is that the private markets were not going away in the sense that they were going to continue to grow. And the second is that we saw that as an opportunity. And both things have played out as expected this year. We're very pleased with our overall performance from a Ratings standpoint in the private markets. It comes in the form of a couple of areas, so increased demand for fund ratings. There's been a real healthy pipeline, lot of dialogue with the sponsors and fund managers. We've also seen quite a bit of demand on the structured credit front, which we had highlighted as a key trend that we thought we would see, and that has certainly played out this year. And as we see the overall AUM and allocation to the asset class increase, we're very well positioned. We're out in the market with credit estimates, portfolio assessments, et cetera, with our Ratings team and then having really, really great dialogue with the market participants. So very pleased from a Ratings standpoint.
Martina Cheung: Seth, it's Martina. I can take that question. Yes, very pleased with the Q3 results. We saw about 55% growth in Trucost and about 37% in CI. But the growth was actually across all divisions. So we saw inflows into the core climate and sustainability indices, for example, in S&P Dow Jones and really strong demand for the Mobility energy transition products as well as the FPOs in Ratings. So really great progress and momentum across the board. Look, I think the key thing here and we've been saying this for quite some time, firstly, the long-term drivers and the needs in this business have not changed, notwithstanding some of the, call it, the minor slowdowns that we may have seen in the past year for various different reasons. Customers, corporations still need to look at operational risk in their supply chains. They still need to report against their net zero transition plans. If they're exposed in any way to Europe, they have to report against some pretty complicated regulations there, for example. We still have banks who are looking at finance emissions and looking to deploy capital into sustainability. And we have asset owners and asset managers who are obviously either looking for alpha or looking to allocate to the asset class. And so fundamentals haven't changed. We believe we have the best, most comprehensive and deep offerings in this area across all of our businesses. Commodity Insights is a leader in energy transition analytics and advisory, for example. But one of the other things that I would say is -- and this is just what's so exciting to me around sustainability with the merger, we are launching products now bringing together some of the most unique and fantastic IP across the division. So the real asset data that we have launched brings together data from Mobility, Commodity Insights, Market Intelligence and Sustainable1. And it's going to be a real powerhouse in that area going forward as we see more and more needs for much more specific emissions transition, biodiversity and nature data at the real asset level. So that's just one example. Super excited going forward and very pleased with Q3. Thanks for the question.
Martina Cheung: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes, look, September was higher than we expected for sure. And we do believe that some of that was essentially pulled forward from Q4. Having said that, I think there's a number of additional factors here that are important to think about Q4 and onwards. And some of those are some that I had referenced earlier. Do we, for example -- will we see some issuers actually pull forward from '24 in Q4 of this year, something we're tracking. And as I mentioned earlier, we're also looking at the amend and extend activity in the bank loan space, which was very strong in Q3 as well as some of the refinancing in bank loans as well. So a lot of factors. The sort of net new factor there, of course, as well is the geopolitical overhang that we have to continue to watch. So overall, we take a prudent look for Q4 and the usual factors that we watch going into next year, we have a handle on all of those as well. One other point that I would just add, and this is something that I think is important since it's a good indicator longer term is the flow of funds into fixed income funds. Q3, for example, into high yield and leveraged loan funds was a net positive. So that's a good thing, good indicator. Through the first half of the year, we saw the inflows back into fixed income funds overall against the huge net outflow from last year. So these are things that we have to continue to watch go into Q4 and into next year. Thanks for the question.
Martina Cheung: Jeff, thanks so much for the question. Actually, we saw an improvement across a number of the sub-asset classes in structured finance overall. And we're just, frankly, very, very pleased. Certainly, a lot of this is related to additional investments in capacity. And what I have been saying and will continue to say it's not just about capacity. It's about the strength and the expertise and the talent. And that is really incredibly important in these asset classes. The overall asset class is also experiencing some growth in part driven by the private credit issuers. And we've made sure that we have been on the street talking to everybody we need to talk to, making sure that all of the issuers are aware of the talent and the capacity that we have and we continue to remain highly relevant in this space. I would say just very pleased with the execution from the team so far this year in this area.
Ewout Steenbergen: A couple of comments on this. First, if we look back at last year, we took very decisive actions in terms of pulling back expenses when the market turns more south in the second and the third quarter in several areas, among which also incentive compensation. So we have some difficult comps for this year. Having said that, number two, point number two, we acknowledge that MI can do better with margins. And we're seeing several opportunities to expand margins as we have also guidance for the full year and implicitly for the fourth quarter. So that brings me to my third point is that we expect margins actually to improve significantly beginning with the next quarter due to the easier compare but also due to several management actions that we are putting in place, including tight management of headcount and other expenses, while we still continue to invest in growth and other strategic initiatives.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, of course. First of all, I would like to comment that if we think about expenses, we have a very volatile comp in 2022. So it has moved around a lot in the quarters last year due to the good reason that we put back very hard, and we're very on top of expense management when we had the difficult markets last year. This year, actually, our trends are far more stable. So year-over-year, there is a lot of noise, but I think this year actually from a pattern perspective looks much better. I think if you look at corrected expenses actually and if you take out Engineering Solutions, we are having expense growth that is below revenue growth. So we're seeing nice healthy margin expense -- margin expansion if you correct for those same items, particularly for Engineering Solutions. We're very happy to see how expenses and margins have developed in Commodity Insights. You have seen some very nice margin expansion there as well as if we think about incentive compensation swing year-over-year, if you would correct for that, actually we're looking at quite modest expense growth in Ratings, Mobility and Indices as well. For the full year, we are expecting for this full year 2023 expense growth in the low single-digit level. So implicitly, if you then would look at the fourth quarter, expenses should be down in a low single-digit level in order to get to that overall guidance range.
Ewout Steenbergen: Of course, Andrew, and I had expected you to ask about organic constant currency revenue. So let me first give that number. That was 10.4% for the quarter. Specifically for Market Intelligence, 7; for Ratings, 18.5; Mobility 8.2; Commodities, 10.9; and Indices, 5.8. In terms of adjustments with respect to acquisitions, there was $3.8 million of correction for Market Intelligence, given the acquisitions we have done there. And for Mobility, $5.6 million. And then there was a correction for Engineering Solutions from last year of $96 million. So if you combine that with the FX impact, which you can find in the supplemental deck, you would come to that organic constant currency growth of 10.4. And as you and I are very much in agreement, that is a very healthy basis to look at the real performance of the divisions.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thank you, Andrew. And we are very happy that you are recognizing the level of innovation, the level of entrepreneurship, the level [Audio Gap] company. We're very happy and pleased around that. If you think about the background of this, this is coming from, first of all, the merger. The merger gives us a lot of benefit in combining products, features, data sets, platform, capabilities. And that is really driving a part of it. Second part of it is really the investments we're making, strategic growth initiatives. And we're really pleased with what we're seeing in sustainability, energy transition, private markets and several other areas that fall out of that but are also very entrepreneurial. You see growth in areas in Indices like thematics, factor-based. We launched something that is called more the credit fix. We have car listings in Mobility and many other areas. So generally, investments in growth initiatives are really starting to pay off. And that is ultimately then also showing up in the Vitality Index, which is something that is maybe unique as a metric. And we're, as far as we know, the only company in our industry publishing this, but it is a clear indication of innovation that we would like to publish. With respect to AI and gen AI, it's powering many of the products that we are having, but it is more embedded. I wouldn't say the new really gen AI features that it is really in the number so far because most of those products are still under development. And we will get back to you once we are really at a production-grade level kind of offering that we can bring to our customers. So I think it's a little bit too early for the impact of gen AI, but more to come on that over the next few quarters.
Ewout Steenbergen: Generally, George, this is coming from multiple drivers within Market Intelligence, not only from sustainability and energy transition. So first of all, the core business is strong. We see healthy growth. We see a good sales momentum. We see that the ACV book is really growing a little bit faster than actually the revenue we are reporting, for example, in Desktop. And as you know, ACV is an early indicator of future revenues. So we're really, really pleased by that. Also, the revenue synergies are becoming more meaningful at this moment. So that really helps to contribute growth. The capital markets volumes are stabilizing. We don't see a lot of pickup of M&A yet. But last year, it was really a headwind, and that headwind is going away. And then also the comps become more easy, for example, from an FX perspective. And then you're right, sustainability and several other factors drive here the growth as well. So we are actually really positive about the outlook for Market Intelligence growth in the fourth quarter and implicitly what you're seeing in our guidance range is that we would expect further acceleration of the growth of the top line of Market Intelligence in the next quarter.
Ewout Steenbergen: If you think about the cost synergies, we have raised those twice over the last period, as you know. So the $600 million is the target that we're aiming for. We're almost done. We are effectively done. There are a few more projects that will be finalized at year-end. That is just purely timing of some of those projects, and then we will be able to declare that we hit the $600 million. And then we won't talk about cost synergies anymore from that point onwards because cost synergies are also related to operational integration. And we are more or less running the company now as a fully combined company. We're not talking about one part versus the other part anymore. So it's good to close off cost synergies and really think about the company as one company going forward. That doesn't mean that we will stop with efficiency and productivity programs. Obviously, we have a track record to always look for new opportunities, and we will get back to you at that point in time with new updates. From a revenue synergy perspective, we actually like the progress that we have made during the third quarter. It's quite a big step to $112 million of run rate. We're getting now close to 1/3 of the overall target. We have always said that is a 5-year trajectory to get to $350 million, more a focus in the first part on cross-sell. Most of what you see now reported as revenue synergies is coming from cross-sell. But we have these new products that are being launched, and those new products will help with the next phase of revenue synergy delivery. So we feel we're right on track. We're really on the right path to deliver on the $350 million. So we feel very good about it.
Ewout Steenbergen: Russell, specifically your question about mix and mix shift, we are very pleased to see that the AUM fees are up again this quarter and that the AUM levels and the AUM fees are again correlated in the same direction. But a couple of more detailed comments I want to make there is first, as we have said many times, please keep in mind that if you look at AUM fees, there are also other categories going into the mix. It's not only ETFs. There's also mutual funds. There are insurance funds. There are OTC volumes, and all of them grew a little bit less than the average AUM levels of ETFs. So that is one part why you will see always a little bit of a discrepancy between AUM levels for ETFs and the fees. Secondly, the trends that we talked to you about last quarter of the mix shift is continuing. What we are seeing is that the market is a bit risk off that there is a move from more specialty ETFs to more flagship ETFs. Our flagship ETFs are taking in a lot of flows, very positive flows we had this quarter. But those funds are more lower level of basis point fees. We think this is a current market trend situation that will refer us again at some point in time when the market will be more risk on and there's more interest in the specialty ETFs. But this is a mix shift trend that we're still seeing continuing also in the third quarter.
Ewout Steenbergen: And just to the second part of your question, our effective tax rate is lower in the quarter, primarily due to some new guidance came out during this quarter with respect to the way how to apply foreign tax credits would help impact our medium-term outlook with respect to the tax rate.
Doug Peterson: Alex, this is Doug, and thank you for the question. And let me just take a step back to -- for 1 second to a higher level about the integration and the merger overall. We're thrilled with the progress, and you've seen that today with some of the new product launches that we described, which are bringing together information, data research from across the portfolio. And within Market Intelligence, we have the same kind of integration going on. As you know, we always looked at the integration of the integration. We realized that IHS Markit had done a lot of acquisitions. They've grown a lot of products. And one of the opportunities is to continue to consolidate those and put those together. And we see a lot of progress there. This is something you should hold us to and watch us how we're going to continue to bring together the areas. As you know, within Market Intelligence, we've got a lot of opportunities to attack new markets. As an example, corporates, financial services at IHS Markit truly was focused on financial services. A lot of their products are very attractive to corporates. We're finding a lot of opportunities as you'll hear us talk about and you know related to sustainability and private markets. So we look at this opportunity to continue to consolidate the businesses internally, which is going to bring upside from an expense point of view. And we're also going to be investing for growth, especially in areas like sustainability, private markets and then expanding areas like our reference pricing, which can be used in so many different ways. But your thesis is right. We're going to continue to consolidate, and we will also look very carefully at the overall portfolio.
Doug Peterson: Jeff, this is Doug. Well, let me take a step back again. And if you recall, we had our Investor Day. It was 1 year ago almost. It's on December 1, 2022. At that time, we laid out our new vision Powering Global Markets and the 5 pillars that we use to manage the business as well as allocate capital. At that time, we put in place longer-term '25, '26 targets for revenue growth and for margins. We're well on track for all of those. And we also laid out at the time some really interesting and for us, ambitious targets for new products and new services. And we also feel really confident about what we're seeing. We feel like we targeted and have identified the most important secular trends and market trends and that we're growing in that direction. There's excellent reception for that. So 1 year in, almost 1 year into those targets, we're very confident about achieving them, and we're really excited about our prospects.
Doug Peterson: Owen, this is Doug. Let me take that. Let me start by taking a step back and talking about what we're seeing is this really interesting and very rapid transformation of the private markets. If you go back 25, 30 years ago, private markets was just private equity. It was LBOs. It's private equity. But over the last 25 years and it's accelerating the last 3 or 4 is many, many different asset classes, many different strategies on the asset side. And on the investor side, you also see a whole diversification of the types of investors that have gone into private markets and private credit, which started obviously with pension funds and insurance companies, endowments and add to that now private wealth individuals even. So you see a completely different need for data and analytics across those areas. And as an example, this -- a lot of this is brand-new volume. It's not necessarily you're taking market share from anybody. You're finding new applications to bring to the market to provide the information both to the GPs and the LPs, but also to now even investors at a different level, the private market investors and individual investors. So we see that the kinds of tools that we're bringing, for instance, the iLEVEL software, which you mentioned, this provides a data service. It provides transparency to the market. It gives you more frequent information about the portfolio than you might see from what was coming directly from the GPs themselves. We also have products which we believe are going to be applied in the future from our DVA area, which includes information about pricing. It brings a whole new level of transparency and timeliness to being able to provide pricing and information about the portfolios. We know that investors, especially from some of those sophisticated institutional investors, they want to look across their portfolios and have mark-to-market, look at concentrations. They want to look at limits. They want to manage their portfolios in a way that they need much more granular data in the area. So we think this is going to be one of our most interesting highest growth areas. And so you asked where it's coming from. It's new demand. It's new opportunities, and it's ways we can bring together multiple products in our portfolio to meet the needs and the solutions of both sides of the equation, the investors and the asset managers. Thanks for the question, Owen.
Doug Peterson: Russell, let me start, and then I'll hand it over to Ewout to talk a little bit about the expenses and what we're seeing on the financial side. But right now, there's also a lot of changes going on in the asset management industry. I just talked about what's happening with the private market side. But at the same time, industries like traditional asset management, we see the shift from active to passive, and what that plays to is one of our strengths. And you asked about the type of products which are coming out. Our [one set] is related to sustainability. There's a whole type of new interest going on. And maybe a few years ago, that was more of ESG. Now it's tending more towards climate and energy transition. We see it with, for instance, our own across divisional index, which is related to battery metals. We also see a lot of interest in the climate -- Paris Accord climate transition indices. So there's a whole set of indices that we've been launching, in particular for European investors and with European asset managers related to climate. We also see a set of indices which are across or multi-asset class industries, which allows us to take advantage of what we have from S&P Global from our Index business, traditional S&P 500 and other equity indices. You bring that along with the credit and fixed income indices that came with IHS Markit, that's a whole new asset class for us is to be able to provide a multi-asset class with the credit aspect to it, credit volatility. There's another set of products which are related to exchange-traded derivatives. They're not direct indices, but there's a lot more interest in risk management and hedging and trading strategies. And with our core foundation and our relationships with CBOE and CME, we're able to develop a whole new set of ETDs. And we've seen strong growth in that area as well. So across the board, it's climate. It's multi-asset class. It's factors. It's a whole set of different types of indices on the fixed income side. And then it's also exchange-traded derivatives and new approaches to products, which we've already been developing there. But let me hand it over to Ewout to give a little bit more color on the numbers.
Doug Peterson: Thanks, Heather. This is Doug. Well, first of all, when we look at this industry, it's being driven by incredible amount of transformation. We talked earlier in a different context about energy transition. And you take what are the traditional oil, gas commodity products, which we have a very strong position in both from price benchmarks as well as news research and analytics. And we announced that we have just launched this Platts Connect, which is a platform where we take the 2 services from what had been Platts and would have been ENR from IHS Markit and put them together in a single platform. That means that we can continue to serve all of the traditional markets in a way with a very high-quality platform with -- it's easy to use, it's easy to search on. We'll be enhancing it with AI tools over time. And so that's just the beginning of where we already see the traditional markets growing. And we're able to serve them better and faster in ways that are much more compelling all the time. And that into that, that there's a mix of new commodities, new energy sources. There's areas like the metals, which are used for energy transition, that we already have a position in that we're getting stronger all the time. And then you have the energy transition products related to things like carbon intensity, carbon markets, how we look at the transportation related to that, the infrastructure that's related to that. And then on top of that, there's an incredible amount of synergies across all of S&P Global with S1, for example, with new data sets, which are being added to the Marketplace and Market Intelligence, new data sets, which can be added to Cap IQ Pro. So we look at this as a business that is in the right place at a time when the markets need transparency. They need comparability. They need high-quality data, and they need it delivered in a way that's easy for them to use. And they can build it into their workflow. So we're really, really very pleased with our progress, and this is a business that we're going to continue to invest in. So thank you very much, Heather. And let me just give a couple of closing remarks. I want to, first of all, thank everyone for joining the call today and your excellent questions, as always. I'm really proud, as you can hear, about the progress we've made with the merger with IHS Markit and all of the integration that's taking place. And now we're able to talk more and more about the revenue side and the product launches. And you saw them this quarter with Platts Connect and into the insights, and there's a lot more to come. And this is combining the best across both businesses to create the new S&P Global. I also want to thank Martina for providing her perspective today, and thank you for joining us. And as always, I want to thank our people for a great quarter. Their excitement and passion continue to inspire me personally and want to thank all of them for what they do. So again, thank you for joining the call today, and have a great day. Thank you very much.
