John Callahan: Like we said we think this is the very – this is the good start to the year, but it only is the one quarter so it’s – we’re keeping our existing guidance in place we think it’s a prudent move here. In terms of things of how they’re playing out relative in going expectations I think we’re maybe encouraged by the progress we’re making on the margin so I think that is a positive relative incoming. Expectations on the other side I think some of the ForEx headwinds maybe of a little bit more challenging but that we’re also encouraged by the sustained organic growth. On balance side I think we would call it so far so good and we’re optimistic about the balance of the year.
John Callahan: Look, we initiate our share repurchase program and we look to – we’re going to look to selectively continue that as we go forward and we also recognize that we’ve more flexibility and how we manage the balance sheet. And we’ll look to consider other options in terms of perhaps raises and capital from time to time to lock into very attractive conditions that remain up there. So, we’re encouraged by the fact that we’ve more flexibility in terms of how we manage the balance sheet going forward.
John Callahan: I think the benefit that we’re seeing primarily in Q1 is some of the restructuring actions that we took in the third and fourth quarter of the year ago that’s having impact in Q1. We’re beginning to see not having a big impact on margins in Q1 but we’re starting to see moderation in legal expense, we do anticipate that will bake a larger contribution as we go across the balance of the year. On the other hand we’re spending a bit more money in areas of compliance particularly with the new regulations, so we’re investing there to make sure that we maintain a very prudent risk in compliance environment. And we’re selectively looking to also spend in technology to further harden our global processes. On balance we feel good about the margin progress that we’ve made and we’re benefitting I think from the restructuring from year ago and I do think the outlook as I mentioned for legal looks more promising than obviously a year ago.
John Callahan: The answer is actually all of the above, we’ve put a very important emphasis on our profitability on our margin in that business to drive productivity but not at the expense of investing and covering customer, so we have intensive effort to build our sales force, our customer engagement, our service level and we’re also investing in a multiyear project to upgrade our technology so that we can continue to have state of the art technology and delivery and stay ahead with our stay along with or at least ahead of our most of our major competitors. So it’s really been a program to in a methodically take a step back and look at the business, look at the customers, look at their needs, look at all of the areas where we serve them best and how we can serve them best and how we can serve them better, but also doing that with a project where we’re looking at all of our costs, all of our inputs to ensure that we’re doing in a way that’s more productive and I think you can see it’s paying off. We have excellent retention rates we’ve been growing our sales in Desktops and in Enterprise fees and at the same time we’ve been able to invest in growing and we’re seeing improvement in the margin. So, I think it’s a good story [indiscernible] answered has been an excellent leader and is managing all of that and I’m very, very pleased with her performance.
John Callahan: I think the point on the plat we’re pleased with the progress that we’ve made in the first quarter here. Now just as a reminder while obviously oil and petroleum is there, is our largest business it only represents two-thirds of the business, so we do have and it has been decision on our decision to broaden out our commodity exposure here, so that would be point one. You know point two, within the core oil and petroleum market admittedly there are a lot of – there is profit pressure on the industry that all being said, we’ve had very good results in our renewals and I do think it’s perhaps costing us a couple points of growth in the market and maybe just costing us a couple of growth points, but in general we’re still growing and we’re highly encouraged with the high single digit progress that we’ve made overall in the business so far this year. I think this is just evidence of these benchmarks in trench in our customers’ business models. These prices that we put out are buried in their invoicing systems, these customers can’t invoice without these prices, they can’t value inventory in many cases. So, if the small frac goes out of business we may lose that customer but that’s a very, very, very tiny portion of the business, so this is the classic example of the need for benchmarks. I want to add that one of the reason you say 510 basis point improvement in the margin in the commercial and commodities margin is that we’ve also proactively positioned ourselves for potentially weaker markets. We wanted to be very cautious about certain investments that doesn’t mean that we’re not investing in the business but we felt that we needed to get ahead of a potential slowdown in the market so we have also positioned ourselves with some flexibility to ensure that we continue management business responsibility.
John Callahan: I think that what we are looking at is you saw the we are at number three in that market with $30 billion position in ETF so relative to the larger market and the equity market even commodity market ETF and fixed income industries are actually still very small portion of the overall financial markets. Bonds are difficult and this really get prices for we have been working on lot of ways to ensure that we have continuous bond pricing whether they are from market prices or evaluated prices and getting that infrastructure in place is critical to being able to have a very active liquid ETF and fixed industries market. So we are in this for the long haul, we look at the big trends of when you meet with asset distributor and asset allocators, they all talk about the need to have certain types of fixed income solutions that aren't just individual bonds and so are very encouraged by that. We are also encouraged by the facts that banks are probably struggling with their after the LIBOR scandals with their ability to continue to manage benchmarks inside of their businesses. They might be non-core or they might not really be a business that it makes a lot of sense for them to be in. so to answer you first question then, we are going to grow this on our own. We see this is a very important organic activity although as I said starting from a very small base. But if there are opportunities for us to buy businesses and buy assets we would definitely be interested as we have always been in ways we can do tuck-ins or filling our capabilities.
John Callahan: Look I think the impact the impact year-on-year that we saw in Q1 which is about two growth point from the revenue point of view. We anticipate going forward maybe get year-on-year a bit more challenging in the second and third quarter and then the year-end-year sort of impact starts to moderate a bit. That's built into our forward guidance so we do think we have our exposure, it’s pretty well covered and how we have thought about our outlook for the balance of the year.
John Callahan: I do think we – there was not a lot of bottom line impact. In fact there was a modest benefit in foreign exchange all in, in the first quarter. We are not anticipating that sort of positive impact over the balance of the year although there was some balance sheet that produced that in Q1. I think we would love to have a modest negative over the next few quarters but very manageable overall in terms of our outlook.
John Callahan: Well certainly, we have lot of flexibility in our balance sheet right now and we are – as I mentioned earlier it’s nice to have the flexibility to consider those options and as we go forward we would look to leverage our balance sheet both to broaden our portfolio and add attractive asset and if we can't find those that add shareholders value we would love to sustain and perhaps increase our share repurchase program but I think if you look on a multi-year basis we have been pretty aggressive in that area and yes we continue to look at that going forward. Thank you.
John Callahan: Yes, I would say so far in the run rate we have realized well over half of that so in that run rate and I think by the end of the year our run rate will have achieved 75% with so by the end of 2015 so I think we are very encouraged with the progress so far as I mentioned I think margins performances has been a very positive development as we come into the year.
John Callahan: That's a longer term target. If we were to look at with we still have a lot of investments that we are making right now that we will play out overtime but when we look at what we think could be kind of a natural rate for that business remember that we still have a couple of research businesses during that third bucket of products that are losing money or have not been profitable and so we are working on ways to peel some of them out. As I mentioned [indiscernible] doing a fantastic job to go through the businesses and look at them one by one product by product and what we do feel encouraged with the progress and the direction we are hitting there with the margins in fact its good across all of our businesses and we are very pleased with that progress.
John Callahan: No. not at all. There was I think if you recall last year we shifted some of our in the first quarter we had some of our ETF revenues were being recognized in the sense on a cash basis and we looked at them because of the performance and the predictability and the volumes we shifted them to being now on a accrual basis to move them all basically had one time gain of upfront at that $12 million so that's the main difference in the first quarter but structurally speaking the business is still continues to perform as it has been in the past.
John Callahan: I just meant that as I mentioned earlier from an expense point of view is that good days of that expense for this initiative is already in the P&L. We have fixed income team. We spend the money to have had for some time. The data necessary to deliver the products. So some of that is already in the run rate as we move forward as this business expand I do suspect we will add to that team over time particularly in areas like channel management as we start to run impact the market place but I wouldn't – at this point in time I wouldn't we wouldn't give any forward looking thought that is any significant change in the margins of the business at this moment on.
John Callahan: But let me just add that from the point of view of our overall strategy this is a business that really makes sense for us to invest in.
John Callahan: Yes, that's always something that we are going to be watching out carefully. We have not seen any major impact on that from that so far but as I mentioned earlier we have positioned ourselves to have some flexibility with expenses we want to be very attentive to what are the developments in the market and so far we haven't seen that impact but it is something that we are watching for. Just two things I would add to that is – plat actually has very, very broad customer coverage so our exposure to any one or two customers in that business is actually what we have big customers our exposure is somewhat limited to any one or two particular customers and also to it a lot of some of these field that you may see is that sometimes there is also a curve out or skin out to create a new entity and that then create a new opportunity for us to go self so there is always the a bit of dynamic marketplace here and we are used to it.
Douglas Peterson: And one more point on your question on the margin aspect of this is that some of these investments already in the margin that’s’ already in the result, so we have kind of built out this team. We have spent some money on information towards this, build over some period of time. So I think some of that capabilities already in place.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, first of all we are always looking for opportunities to our offshore cash, the first priority offshore which has been little different than cash that's how domestically is for offshore acquisition. And we continue to look for those sorts of opportunities. We completed clips last year for plat which was in the north America which was the complement and earlier move we have made in north America with [indiscernible] kind of built out of European position in natural gas and we are continuing to look for those opportunities and that will be our first choice in terms of delays to deploy that cash. From time to time there are some relatively efficient ways perhaps to access some of that cash and bring it back. We look at that consistently but like I said our first priority is growth. In terms of your question back to M&A I think our track record demonstrates we are disciplined when we look at particularly larger M&A sorts of opportunities. First thing we are looking for is growth. We are looking for growth that is accretive to our existing position but at the same time we are highly disciplined to ensure that we are also going to be able to deliver the synergies that would deliver incremental shareholder value that would justify the investment. And that got a bit of challenging these days given the somewhat high evaluation that appeared to be out there for some of the more attractive properties but we continue to do the hard work to look for the right sorts of choices for us going forward.
Douglas Peterson: It's mostly due to the European the circumstances of the first quarter in Europe there was a lot less capital markets activity you could see it from the decrease in Europe. Let me find the numbers here exactly again. Yes there was a decrease of 9% of Europe corporate and European high yield was down 5% the total number of deals if you look at it on deals themselves is down over 15% in Europe in the first quarter. So there is a lot of liquidity in Europe and the banks themselves were lending as opposed to companies going into the capital markets that was the major reason why the entities you credit ratings were down.
Douglas Peterson: We haven't necessarily targeted a specific level of margin but we have been looking for margin improvement. As Jack mentioned earlier we are continuing to invest in our regulatory and with control processes and environment we have been looking at ways to enhance some of our product delivery, our process improvement which require technology investments. But at the same time we are doing in a way that we are more and more efficient all the time. We are looking at ways to have the right sort of teams, right sort of geographic balances etcetera. So we continue to hope that we can drive the margin even better than it is now but this is really something that we are actively managing and pursuing to continue to deliver better margin.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, so let me start Jack will also jump in so we think that fixed income rollout is one that we will – we think that it’s going to require a couple of years to build. This isn't something which is built from a quarter-to-quarter but as I mentioned before we are seeing a lot of demand from when we speak with especially after allocators and people that are in asset management managers and people who are actually in the sale side of this business because they need products for retirements, for insurance that they really don't have to date. So this will be something if you look at the growth of the fixed of the equity -- you will see that they grew very slowly for maybe 15 or 20 years and then they just boomed and started to taking off. So I don't have any specific projections. We are in this for the long run. We think that we have the brand. We have the access to investors, we have got the right kind of controls and processes to manage this business professionally and so we are in this for the long run and something that we are willing to invest in so that we can have a dominant position.
Douglas Peterson: And these acquisitions are actually if you think about it the concern out there in the street is that these fracs, and small folks lot of business we lose this small customers. Well, the assets don't go away. They end up being purchased by someone else. So while we may lose the customer in one area that business tend to flow somewhere else because the walls don't necessarily get shake down – they may be dormant but they are not actually shut down.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, so when we look at the M&A generally and also you mentioned fixed income industry our interest in the S&P industries for growth is international you have seen that almost every quarter we highlight some sort of a new exchange relationship. This quarter we highlighted our relationship with New Zealand. Those are very attractive deals for us. They are small but we really enjoyed the position with those relationship. So international expansions whether it’s through exchange relationships M&A, organic growth it’s something that is very important to us and fixed income investment in the industry business both organic and non-organic again those are top priorities for us.
Douglas Peterson: Okay. Yes, I will take this is Doug. On the seasonality there really is not any seasonality in the fundraising in the public finance sector. What has been a bigger impact on the public financing sector has been as you know there are couple of bankruptcies there are some issues going on with pension funds. Those are much more important issues. What's really been interesting and what’s been driving a lot of the public finance issuance in the last six months has been the rates environment. There was a lot of refinancing and refunding which came up. A lot of public finance issuance have a very attractive call provision in them and given where rates are there is a lot of public finance entities that have been taking advantage of that call and refunding at lower rate. So the lower rate has been probably the biggest driver not anything seasonal. On T-lack we expect even though finances services issuance was flat in the U.S. and down in Europe in the first quarter on more of a structural basis because of precisely the point that you just raised T-lack is going to be – going to require the largest banks although more than $50 billion of assets to do some sort of a capital raise of senior debt so we are expecting that there will be over time more financial services issuance to meet the requirements of T-lack and living wells and some of the other areas that are now being discussed in the regulatory environment. So let me just conclude the call and first of all thank everyone for your questions and for being on the call. We are very pleased that the first quarter had a strong beginning. It was a good start to the year. All of our business unit achieved revenue and adjusted profit growth. The margin improvement of 380 basis points or something that we want to keep working towards overtime to sustain. We achieved the adjusted diluted EPS of $1.09 and we are pleased that we have a lot of very important themes across the company which are driving our growth and performance that are well understood across the entire company. We have been communicating them so people understand them about dealing with our customers in a way that we have got very good relationships accelerating our international growth, sustaining our margin expansion, maintaining our discipline and capital allocation and very importantly also fostering our robust risk and compliance culture and managing our mitigating throughout the entire company. So we are pleased that we had a good beginning to the first quarter of the year and we look forward to working with all of you and speaking with you and shareholders throughout the year and thank you very much.
Unidentified Analyst: Morning. Yes, I just wanted a little bit more color on the fixed income rollout in the industries. You mentioned 30 billion AUM but I wondered if you can give us little color on how fast that's growing and also the expenses related to the rollout is sales and marketing the most important expense, how would you expect the index expenses to trend as you rollout fixed income industries. I mean it’s actually down quarter-over-quarter in the first quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. And then moving on to plat we are starting to hear some M&A in energy space. And I was wondering if that has impacted plats in any ways so far or do you anticipate M&A affecting plats in terms of maybe customers merger and buy less products or maybe you can just address that idea of M&A in the commodity segment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then one just last one on repurchases, you repurchased for the first time since [Cross Talking] okay sorry about that.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi its Jamie, thanks for taking my question. I will start up with couple of percent, if you are wondering I will just ask my two up front. I know you are there when I am here so, yes, I will just ask my two up front both about rating. So is there any seasonality Jack to call out in the public sector I know public sector has stayed local as June fiscal year and federal has September so is there any state in local seasonality am I saying questions about T-lack the total loss absorption capacity. Now can we just share couple of one liners about your expectations about T-lack. Thank you.
