Harold McGraw: Yes, again, what's influencing a little bit the margins at S&P have been some of the investments that we've been making all along, especially in the QCCR framework in terms of all the compliance and surveillance systems. And you have, for 2010, $80 million in that number. And then probably see another $12 million to $15 million incrementally for 2011. But even still, on an adjusted basis, you are north of 44%, albeit it was a decline from 2009, but it's large part because of those costs. As far as pricing goes, we definitely want to exceed inflation at this point. And if I summed it all up in terms of all the different asset categories for S&P, it would probably be about a 4% price increase for 2011. And we'll see as we go on. McGraw-Hill Financial has a lot more pricing power as it packages more of its data and analytic products. And you're going to see more much more expansion into the broader wealth management and business development areas there. We're very bullish obviously by the Capital IQ growth and the continued growth on that front of it. And I think that margin improvement will come as we are able to bode price and to be able to extend into a more scalable and addressable market.
Harold McGraw: And Sloan, the subscription side of McGraw-Hill Financial is about 75% roughly of the revenue and the non-subscription is 25%. And for the most part, Index services is highly represented in the non-subscription area.
Harold McGraw: And increasingly Sloan, putting the education aside for a moment, all of these businesses are putting up products and services that are digitally composed. And so the digital content, it's starting to get a little bit more difficult because most of it is all digital. On the education side, the market is now really pushing more aggressively for digital products in additional ways. And so you're going to see a continued ramp up on that. But I think one of the things that's also very important here is we don't want to go it alone. You're going to see increasingly more and more partnerships like the Blackboard relationship. And I think that when you start creating learning platforms that are already embedded into those systems, the ability to build off of that is going to be very powerful. But we'll do what the market wants. And if it's hybrid print or digital, we're going to go any direction.
Harold McGraw: I think that there's been a lot of factors that's influenced educational publishers in the last several years. Not the least of which has been funding pressures with the economic downturn and the difficulties that certain states are having. If you believe in the overall growth projects, and the overall growth as a country, no country can survive without the solidarity of a fundamental education system. I think we're going in the right direction. I think some of the reformed initiatives, building off of No Child Left Behind, and getting into narrowing the skill gap that is increasingly growing in this country, gives us an opportunity -- there's skill gap everywhere -- and that gives us an enormous opportunity. And I think that a digital environment is going to allow us to really accelerate on some of that which will improve growth rates and improve margins on that part. But you still have the tale of two cities. The Higher Education, Professional and International is growing nicely and the margin participation is strong. And you're going to see more and more partnerships as we get after vocational, professional, managerial, development and training as well as getting thicker into the various disciplines of science, engineering, technology, medical and so forth. On the K-12 side, I think, again with some help in terms of federal guidance in terms of core common standards and things like that, we'll be able to significantly improve on that picture. So I think it is a very exciting platform, and it's critical and vital to the success of our growth as a country on that part. If you get this wrong, how do you get -- how does a country grow. So I think that increased emphasis on getting digital is going to be very important, but also being able to help expand in terms of the specific educational services to reduce those skill gaps on.
Harold McGraw: No. Clearly, as you become increasingly more facile in a digital environment, I think you're going to accelerate your capabilities to target various audiences, and you're going to be able to accelerate top line and bottom line growth, and you should be able to do it more efficiently and therefore get margin improvements. So there is no let-up to the margin improvement that we've talked about in the past and that we expect going forward.
Harold McGraw: Yes. I mean, the cash that Jack talked about is pretty good. And so we've got very high levels there and very low debt. And we just want to, at this point, going into the year make sure that we maintain flexibility. And we're looking at some transactions. We'll also be looking at organic growth projects, things like the Blackboard, things like the Wipro mobile learning platform, but lots of examples of that way. So between dividends and share repurchase, we're very excited about the 6.4% increase in the dividend, and we just want to make sure it's understood that we have a very strong penchant for share repurchase and we're just going to go into the year a little bit more measured. But stay tuned. Everybody competes for the cash, and we'll see what makes sense as we go.
Harold McGraw: Well, I think you're going to see priorities across the board. You're going to see significant geographic expansion on the Standard & Poor's side. Remember, given the fact that banks are deleveraging and not lending at the same time, what you're seeing is either the introduction of new local bond markets such as South African, Saudi Arabia, the continuation of expansion in Malaysia, Indonesia and things like that. And that's why we're benefiting from so nicely in India. You're going to see more activity that way, and we're going to be opening up new operations for them. McGraw-Hill Financial is a huge opportunity. And one of the things -- one of the benefits in making it even more transparent and splitting it out, you're going to see a lot of activity on McGraw-Hill Financial as we unlock some of the value that is there, making more transparent, but also the ability to horizontally integrate some of our capabilities so you can focus more carefully, not only on large financial institutions in terms of products and services but also in terms of wealth management, business development, all of those kinds of things. So we're very focused on that side. Digitally, education, it's all things, and we're pushing very aggressively on that with partners, and Jack mentioned Platts and those acquisitions. But J.D. Power, also we're expanding very aggressively in China where car sales right now in China have surpassed here, on that one. So you're going to see a lot of scale. But geographic expansion in digital, the two operative words for us.
Harold McGraw: Yes, I think, again as the year progressed, we were obviously, as Jack was saying, there was the talent ramp up, there's the incentive compensation, there's the increased cost on the QCCR framework, and there was also some product expansion on that as well. But you've got to remember, as we came into -- we had a very good 2009 fourth quarter, and the first quarter was red-hot. Then the second quarter, significantly, slowed down. And we were trying to gauge at that point just where some of these was going. As you know, spreads were widening. And it wasn't until we got into June that we started seeing the narrowing of spreads, and then the rest of it is history. Corporate, munis, high yields, CLOs, sovereigns, they have just started to come very aggressively. And so with that increased revenue, on that one, there was also some ramp up on the expense side. I mean, it wasn't an even year. It was in anticipation of what the demand was.
Harold McGraw: No, that's in large part due to the transaction side, Craig. Again, we take a look at the overall increase on cost per regulatory and other kinds of things that way. We take a look at what inflation factors are there. And so we want to be ahead of inflation, and I would say in some areas, we're going to have a little bit more pricing power. But I think as a rule of thumb at this point, looking at Standard & Poor's for 2011, an aggregate 4% increase would be a good number to factor. But if that changes, then, we obviously will be telling you. But right now, I'd say an aggregate 4% is a good number.
Harold McGraw: Well, I mean it's certainly fluid, but I'm encouraged. One of the things that -- I mean, when you think about the regulatory setup and you go back to the end of '07 and '08 and '09, everything was coming in vertical steps. You had individual countries, you had different agencies like IOSCO and CESR and the FSA in the U.K. and so forth, the European Commission, so everybody had a different issue and all that. And one of the needs here was to get some level of harmonization so that there's some consistency to all of that. We are in a much, much improved environment, both in Europe, here and increasingly in Asia where some regulation is already proceeded the financial crisis. We're in a much better place. Europe is in a much better place at this point. And we're going to keep pushing for that. And I think as things continue to recover and some of the noise lowers, there is more drive on regulators' part not to go it alone, but also to take into account a broader harmonization. So I think things are definitely improving on that part and will continue to. Just here in the United States, clearly, when we take a look at the Dodd-Frank bill, that is not in stone. The SEC is weighing in all of the time now in terms of where to strengthen, where to amend it and so forth. And so I think that is going to be a process that's going to live with us for a while. And I think that's good. Just because we did pass something at one point in time doesn't mean that we need to live with it forever. There's always amendment going on, and I think we'll see a push for more harmonization.
Harold McGraw: Yes, well, I wish I could. Again, the state environment is a very fluid one. I feel more comfortable on the state adoption side. We think that the floor would be the same level as 2010. Now again, we have to watch a few people like California and Texas, and Texas in particular. But our thinking is that it's going to be better on that one. The open territories is still a very confusing one. As you know, we have gone through a number of years now where the growth has been very low or negative on that part. There is such a huge pent-up demand on that one. And so at some point, it has to start to improve on that one. But let's take a look at it as we get into the year and we get some hard data on some of the states. But right now, I don't have a lot of good guidance on the open territories.
Harold McGraw: Well, the new issuance numbers that we've put out and that the market is putting out are pretty clear. I mean, we are seeing the continued pace from the third, fourth quarter of last year into the first quarter corporates. And again, in large part because of refinancing activity and also because banks deleveraging and not lending at the same level, the bond market is the market of choice. So corporates are doing really well, high-yield is really doing well, munis are going to do well. We're going to see significant more activity on sovereigns. We're seeing some activity in CLOs. In the structured finance area, you're starting to see besides asset bank, you're starting to see a few issues on the commercial mortgage-backed market. And I think that there's going to be a little bit more pent-up demand that we're going to see using that market a little bit. Residential is going to take time, and all of that. So we don't see much on that side. From a new issuance standpoint, it obviously looks quite good. And by the way again, again, as I was making the comments about local bond markets and the like, increasingly, those numbers are going to be very, very helpful. The financing side is really a huge piece. With maturities between 2011 and 2014, we're looking at about $5.6 trillion of refinancing activity to the end of 2014, and we think that will continue. And the number of that we were using just as a gauge is about $1.2 trillion to $1.5 trillion a year through 2014. Refinancing is going to be a big piece.
Harold McGraw: Well, it goes to the December. As we both know, from a market standpoint, after all of this wonderful growth and really being pushed of a really high enrollment numbers, it sort of hit a wall. We're still trying to understand that. There have been some suggestions that the rental market influenced that, I don't think so. I don't think the rental market is going to be that material to have that kind of an effect, but we did see a turn down in terms of ordering. And we're still working on that. And by the way, as Jack said, January is a little soft, too, on that front. So we'll see it. We're working on that part of it. But I think for the full year, in terms of the demand that we see, that we'll be back on track. But the December, not the fourth quarter, really December was a market then and factor there that we all are trying to explain there.
Harold McGraw: Well, I think we've got to take a look, Bill, at the environmental growth, how things are progressing and best uses of cash. I think, and Jack said it well, we're very excited about share repurchase, and we want to come into the year. Given the competition for the cash, that this is a really good position to start with. We'll see as we get into the year. If we complete the 4.2 million shares sooner, and all of that, and we think that that's extremely helpful to the overall picture. Could we go into the remaining 4.2 million shares? Sure, on that one. But I think coming into the year, we have high expectations for 2011. We want to build off of 2010, and that this is a good posture for us to take at this point, then we'll see.
Harold McGraw: Well, let me put it another way. As I was mentioning, those businesses for the most part were all, even though they are similar businesses in terms of data business, analytical business and so forth, serving similar addressable markets. They were all managed vertically, and all that. We have begun, as I already said, in terms of creating a horizontal integration to all of this. We're already starting to take out costs and you're going to see a lot more cost coming out on this one. But this is also a high-growth platform, and it's going to get an awful lot of attention. And we're very, very excited about the leadership team there. And so, no, this is -- I think when you start talking about a $1.2-plus-billion segment, with a 26.5% at this point margin, our expectation is for fast growth on the top line and definite margin expansion.
Harold McGraw: I think it's both. But definitely, we have expectations, Doug, for some of the refinancing activity coming out of Europe. And again, there are part of those maturities that are very evident. But no, I think as we were talking about with ESMA and the oversight direction that they're taking to eliminate some of the noise and to get a little bit more harmonization. And I think that kind of activity is going to pick up.
Harold McGraw: Well, again, I think that is a correct assumption. And again, I think that we've take a look at investment-grade and speculative-grade, we're seeing activity straight across the board, and we haven't seen. People keep talking about the defaults and all of those kinds of thing. We look at all sorts of studies over the last 25 years in terms of different kinds of economic scenarios, albeit this is a more challenging one. We rate some 17,500 issuers in here. And the default rate, looking back, is about 2.5 defaults per year. Now an unrated municipal debt, it's a different situation. But in terms of that activity, the default rates are extremely low and all of that. But the demand is going to be high. And it's not just going to come from cutting spending, albeit that's an important function to the whole thing. It's not that, I mean, I wouldn't put it in the same category as corporates or high-yield, but you're going to see growth there and we look forward to that.
Jack Callahan: Just to elaborate a bit on Terry's point on the cost side, particularly S&P, there was some select hiring particularly outside of the United States and there was also a little bit of step-up in incentive compensations, a good year, and also the layering of some more longer-term incentive-related compensation. So that also were factors too, in addition to the quality and control investments.
Jack Callahan: The level of disclosure that we provided right now in terms of the international versus domestic, and the subscription, non-subscription is that as far as we'd like to go right now, particularly as Lou needs some time to really kind of sort out how the organization is going to operate for the long term. So I think that's probably as far as we'd like to go for today.
Jack Callahan: Well, most of that investment that we spoke to today relates to integrating more additional digital content into some of the education product development. And that will be paced in over the balance of a couple of years here as these new programs are developed. So while there be some expansions in some of our digital offering, as Terry referred to, as it relates to our leveraging of Blackboard and our linking to mConnect, the big dollars that we're spending really relate more to some of the future programs that will be introduced in the coming years.
Jack Callahan: One of the goals here is to have a real ironclad balance sheet. It's one of the real strengths of the company to avoid -- it buys us a lot of flexibility. And if you think about it, it was really in the fourth quarter where we've had -- followed the back end of 2010, we really started to have a real step-up in our acquisition activity and significant activity. In 2010, we have announced two -- closed one and have another one pending for 2011. So we just believe that it's prudent to maintain our flexibility for the long term.
Jack Callahan: One more minor addition to particularly, in the fourth quarter, if we're looking at the old segment, the Financial Services, it was impacted by the addition of TheMarkets.com, too. But the other drivers were more significant.
Jack Callahan: And Bill, the other part of your question was on Education. And going back to the guidance that Terry laid out, I don't think we're seeing a big bounce back here. I mean, we do think it's, building on Terry's comments, the challenging market to understand we do have to make some investments. We are lapping 25% profit growth which is a huge number here. So we are anticipating profits to be down year-on-year in the Education segment right now, and we're point to sort of a mid-single-digit to perhaps a high single-digit range of declines. So we do think this is going to be a segment that we're going to have to navigate as we go through the year and prepare for the future.
Jack Callahan: We don't want to get too -- let's just put it this way. Michael, it's a consideration, particularly kind of given the step-up in acquisition activity that we've had in the fourth quarter and pending in 2011. But I wouldn't call it a huge constraint. But it is a consideration, that is leading us back to make sure we have adequate flexibility particularly as we're starting to see some ideas in the acquisition pipeline, we're starting to do deals now, but we want to make sure we have those chances down the line.
Jack Callahan: The guidance we gave was high single-digits for both top line and bottom line. So from the guidance, it's roughly flat margins. But obviously, we're going to work to try to do the best we can there. But again, there's some -- it's back to the quality investments and the international growth investments that we're going to have to pace as we start to build out the global footprint.
