Doug Peterson: Manav, this is Doug. Thank you for your question. Well, first of all, the 3% growth as you know, is something that we, it's a little bit below what we've been targeting. We're targeting a mid single-digit growth going forward. And as you know, there has been a few industry trends of some equity shops that have been shrinking et cetera, so occasionally we get a request from customers like that to negotiate, but what's really - what we're focused on is the diversification of our business model. If you think about it, we have a different customer sets. We've got - we have banks investment banks, insurance companies buy side, sell side, corporates, governments, regulators et cetera. And so when we look at our user growth, 11% is a good leading indicator for us. We also were coming up during the year, we have different cycles of re-negotiations of our contracts, but overall we're still projecting mid single-digit revenue growth for the rest of the year.
Doug Peterson: Well, first of all you should think that we are very careful stewards of our capital and our balance sheet. We take it very seriously, our obligations to manage those funds on behalf of our shareholders, as you know, we're always looking to see what would be potential opportunities for us to grow and to invest. In the slides I included a framework, which we call powering the markets for the future and that's really how we guide, where we're going to be investing in the future, and we've put a major emphasis as you can see, the last year so on internal organic investments as in China with ESG, with other initiatives. So as you would imagine, we're looking all the time to see what would be out there, it's just part of having a corporate development strategy, but nothing specific that I would talk about right now.
Doug Peterson: First of all, the reception for our business in China has been very positive, both from the markets themselves from issuers from investors. As you can see, we were approached to issue a bond that was actually not a AAA rating, is the first time this week that we that anybody has issued a BBB rating in the market, and the market reaction was actually curious and very positive. They were interested to see what is the criteria we're using, how it's going to be applied, as well as people have very high expectations for the way that we're applying our global expertise into a domestic market. As you know, the market is still very large, it's the third largest bond market on approaching the number two bond market. But overall, as you know, the bonds are still there, they are very short-term, about three years. A corporate issuance is about 12% of the total market, local governance about 31%, policy banks about 17%, commercial banks about 14%, overseas investors still only own about 2% of the total bonds in the Chinese market. And so if you think about those dynamics the people we've been approaching for on the issuer side we have a very active program with our commercial team to approach issuers and talk to them about what are the opportunities to be rated by S&P China, and we're getting very good response from them. We're starting to build a pipeline. Nothing that we would be able to talk about formerly yet. And then on the investor side, we're really swamp with investors calling us to learn more about our approach and especially now having two different ratings at AAA to a BBB, it demonstrates that there is going to be a widespread of ratings in China as opposed to the domestic ratings, which are all cluster around the AAA and AA level. What we'd like to do is over time as we get more track record as we have more ability to give you data. We will start sharing more of that, but we're very pleased with the progress we've had so far. And also, I'm really pleased that we've already had two ratings, especially that cover a range of ratings.
Doug Peterson: This is Doug. There is really nothing that is really more beyond what you just mentioned what we've talked about, and it is the pricing. It's also the mix as you saw there was a 41% increase in high-yield issuance, which is really a significant increase, and the mix this quarter was very different in prior quarters. We saw the 41% increase in high yield in the US is definitely a big part of that. We also saw a corporates, which many of the corporates went to go to the markets during the quarter were people that actually pay us with transaction fees versus those that on a frequent issuer fees that we're not going to the market this quarter. So those are really the most important drivers, there is nothing that was unusual overall. What's unusual is that there was the 41% increase in high yield in all of a sudden in really dramatically in June as well. But other than that, there is really nothing that a main shift quarter-on-quarter from prior quarters.
Doug Peterson: Well, first of all, it's a very interesting transaction, and I don't want to comment on the actual transaction itself, but they're both formidable competitors, both in MI and in Indices. But when it comes to the landscape, we've been watching, and obviously watching very carefully, what would be the landscape, and what could be some of the changes that take place with this type of a competitor which is already very formidable on its own, but we are very pleased with our strategy at Market Intelligence and indices. We've got a diversified segments in our businesses, as I mentioned earlier, we have customers and government agencies, corporates, universities etcetera. And we have a growing data business, which is something that's not only in Market Intelligence, but also across the company. We're looking to see how we can harness our data business even more than we have already. So these are some of the things that we will watch in terms of industry trends from our competitors, but we also feel with the various transactions we've done the last few years for data assets like Trucost what we're doing with ESG, Kensho which is showing that there is a lot of value in artificial intelligence machine learning data linking etcetera. We feel that we're very well positioned to be also to be a tough competitor in this space.
Doug Peterson: Yes, first of all, the MI platform is we've discussed is a platform that we're in addition to working on the migration, it's also important for us the way we're supporting other divisions. As an example, the S&P Global platform, which we're using to support Ratings360 & Ratings, and new very dynamic data delivery products for Platts. But going back to your question, we continue to add Cap IQ data sets and functionality to the MI platform on an ongoing basis, and this will continue in through 2020. And so along the way, we've found some ways to be more flexible to - our clients to also be more involved in the transition from Cap IQ to MI, so that the customers themselves can choose the timeline for their own migration to make sure that they can transfer all of the functionality along with that. So the transition is going well, but it's probably a little bit slower than we had originally envisioned. So it's now moving into more of a timeline into 2020.
Doug Peterson: Yes, so, thank you. First of all, there is various ESG products we have across S&P Global, with in Indices, in ratings, and in market intelligence. And we in the prior call talked about how we had put together design team to ensure that we had a common data architecture, which we've been managing, as well as to ensure that across the different groups where we have a consistency of approach in methodologies. But the on the slides this time , there was a Slide 14 where I included the profile factors which are used for the ESG evaluations, and not to go into too much detail. Just as an example, the ratings ESG evaluations, it starts with an approach to look at the overall geography and an overall market. It then also has a way to look at 44 different industry structures for environmental and social factors. We've been doing a lot of governance over the years. And then for each of the different ESG companies are being evaluated. There is factors - four factors for environmental, four for social, and four for governance and each of those are scored. What makes these unique compared to some of the other tools being used in the market right now is that the person that receives this evaluation can then dig into and analyze each of these different factors to understand how they led to the total score. In addition, in the Ratings ESG evaluation, there is also a management meeting, which takes place, which allows the ratings Analyst and the management team to discuss their overall ESG and overall governance and stewardship profiles. So we think it's a really interesting approach. We've only issued two of these ESG evaluation so far. Although Trucost which is one of the other companies, which we acquired three years ago and as Ewout mentioned earlier, is now included in the MI Pro in the MI segment, is also a very advanced company when it comes to the 15,000 different companies that they have included environmental profiles including greenhouse gas emissions, waste and pollution et cetera. So this gives us also we think a real, a leading position with having Trucost that we can use across all of our ESG products. So much more to come, really good-- really, really good feedback so far from the markets on what we're developing.
Doug Peterson: We haven't seen that at all. In fact, quite the contrary, people especially institutional investors have come to us to really learn more and more about our methodology because they see this granular approach with a wider spread that actually is much more reflective of what the pricing is in the market as well. So we haven't, this is - it's probably too early for me to draw conclusions from two ratings, but the response has been really enthusiastic.
Doug Peterson: Thanks, Craig. Well, first of all, as Ewout just mentioned was - mentioned earlier, we have built our global issuance summary based off of many different factors. We've been looking at obviously what's the pipeline of refinancings coming up, what's on people's balance sheets for having to for maturity schedules, we speak with the debt capital markets groups of various investment banks, and we also watch very carefully what we think are going to be some of the factors driving that including rates and obviously growth. So in our current forecast, we see that in Corporates are going to be up about 2.5%, Financial Services about 0.8%, Structured finance about flat for the rest of the year, and Public finance up a little bit as well, which leads to about a 1.4% total. But a couple of the factors which you've asked about though are pretty interesting right now. The investment grade composite spread has been pretty low recently, its recent high was about 176 basis points right now, in July it was down to below 140. In speculative grade, high-yield investments - high-yield issuance right now the spreads about 400 basis points, it's been as high as 500 recently, it's been as low as around 300 recently. So it's still a little bit higher than it had been down at 300, but we see that the conditions for issuers is still very strong low rates. And then on top of that, you know that the overall rate environment is very low the United States 10 year as of yesterday was just 2.06%, the UK is a 0.6%, Japan is negative at 0.15% negative, Germany is now down to 0.43% negative, and Switzerland's down at negative 0.64%. So with underlying 10-year base rates this low and trending lower along with spreads which are very attractive. They're not as low as they have been, but there is still attractive, financing conditions are attractive. There is still a lot of liquidity out there, we think that overall, it's a good environment for issuers, it's a more of an issuer-friendly environment, although we don't see the markets going gangbusters, which is I think reflected in our overall 1.4% expectation for growth for the rest of the year.
Doug Peterson: Yes, let me start and then I hand it over to Ewout. So I am really excited about the things that I've been seeing in Kensho, and recently I've had opportunity to meet with some employees and in Platts as well as Indices, in Ratings who are having direct contact or direct product development beyond just what we had originally done with MI. And so the enthusiasm is really great, and there is interesting enhancements that are being looked at for the Market on Close, for Surveillance, in Ratings for the new Index team which is joined the Index team from Kensho into our Index business. So there is a lot of enthusiasm across the company. We're starting to see tangible products delivered or beginning to be scaled but let me hand it over to Ewout who will elaborate on that and tell you a little bit more also about the attrition.
Doug Peterson: Well, this is a combination. It's - I wouldn't - I would say that this is really a combination of what we saw in the first half. As I mentioned a little while ago and I can give you a few more statistics, there was a lot of volatility in the first half of some numbers, as I've mentioned before with high yield up 41%. In Europe, investment grade issuance was down 17%, in Europe corporates are down 17%, sovereigns were down 28%, public finance in the US was down 11% but corporates were up 17%. So what we do is we try to look and see what was the issuance so far this year against our initial expectations. Also looking at, as I mentioned what are maturity schedules that are coming forward. And so this is something that our team, our fixed income research team, they put this together in a way that they are taking into account all of these different factors based on what was the issuance earlier in the year, what is the upcoming maturity schedule, what are they hearing from the banks, what are they seeing from the M&A pipeline, and the one of the most important factors which is also part of that is the outlook for rates, and we've seen the ECB, Japan and then yesterday in the US, the Fed lowered rates by 25 basis points as well, which is really setting a more attractive rates environments as well. So those are all of the different factors that would be built into this 1.4% increase for the rest of the year.
Doug Peterson: Well, this is the one of the things that we've done with this the strategy of powering the markets for the future and you saw the framework in the materials that we provided. It gives us a way that we can speak to our businesses about their core investments in their core businesses as well as areas of disruption or what we would call adjacencies. And as part of that, we're looking and driving this on what our customers want, and what we hear from our customers, we decided that we needed to drive our investments and drive our growth by hearing what comes back from the markets instead of just trying to come with come up with ourselves. So in addition to our strategic teams and our executives, we also have our commercial teams and others out listening as much as they can, what are the key trends, and you mentioned what is one of the most important trends for not only Platts and market intelligence, but also Indices and Ratings and that's the future of data. This is where we are very pleased to see the growth of over 10% and 11% in the data feeds business in market intelligence. When we meet with our Platts customers, they're talking about data, they have oodles and piles and an avalanche of data in their own business that they're trying to make sense of. And one of the questions they are asking us is "Can you provide us with more data that's easier for us to use and also make sense of our own data?". So the data equation is one that is most on the minds of our customers with the combination of how do you use that through technology, through modeling tools etc. And as we look at that, that's how we - how we decide where we're going to invest. It's really based off of customer feedback, customer insights, and it's not just a team that is doing this in a theoretical way. We're actually out, boots on the ground, visiting our customers to listen to what they need.
Doug Peterson: Let me start and give you a little bit of a view of the market opportunity and how we're thinking about it and then Ewout will give you a little bit of thoughts about market sizing and where we're heading from that point of view. In terms of the opportunity and how we think about it, it's one that's really expanding very rapidly. When people ask me about this and meetings that I met I usually say that I think we're in the second inning. This is a very early stages of the development of the ESG Data market. We're finding demands from the investor side, the buy side is trying to understand what this means for their portfolios, and it's going beyond what were the traditional impact investors or investors that had some sort of a sustainability quotient already included in there in their mandate. And so this is also starting to now filter through to pretty much all and institutional investors. When we look at this, we also know that there are needs from governments, from corporates, from issuers, etc and we're trying to see and make sure that we have the right mix and right portfolio of products and services. We think that there are opportunities for every single one of our divisions to provide ESG products and services. We also believe that with Trucost as an anchor, which is an excellent anchor for what we do, this gives us the ability to have a starting point for environmental factors. Our governance work that we've been doing for over 30 or 40 years in the ratings business also helps us with the foundation there. So you're going to see us developing these products and services coming out of all of the different divisions, and as we've shown in the last couple of quarters this is a commitment for us, an investment commitment. We've also started building in a way that we designed it from the ground up. So we've got a very sophisticated approach to data across S&P Global, so we don't duplicate our efforts. But that's the general approach, you should see us continuing to talk about this investing in it and growing it from what we think is a strong foundation but in the very early innings. And let me hand it over to Ewout.
Doug Peterson: Well, first of all, thank you Michael for initiating coverage. We appreciate having JPM as one of the organizations that's covering us and thank you for the questions. On China, just we've mentioned this before, we are thinking about China and we're entering it with a consolidated comprehensive effort for all of S&P Global. So right on the heels and I could say even nipping on the heels of ratings as market intelligence that's also building out a domestic data and analytical service for the financial markets as well. So we look at this as a really important transition of a large financial market that is moving towards becoming more of a capital market than a bank market. As you know, right now in China, most of the financing is actually on bank balance sheets as opposed to bonds and most of the bonds that are actually issued are very short term, there's three years and they're also going on banks' balance sheets. And so when we look at this transition that we think is going to take place as the capital markets are reformed, they become more sophisticated and also more linked globally, we believe that there is going to be opportunities for all of the S&P Global businesses to establish domestic onshore products and services. We don't have a sizing for you yet. We will provide that over time as we get more experience and we build out the roadmap for you, but right now, you can be assured that we look at this comprehensively across S&P Global, the first onshore investments in the first products that are launched in ratings but market intelligence is really close behind.
Doug Peterson: Thank you. So with that let me thank everyone again for joining the call today. I'm very pleased with the strong quarter that we had. I'm pleased that we're continuing with a lot of progress in all of our investments in our core businesses which you saw demonstrated today from our strong results. And then, it's also encouraging to see the progress that we're making on these new investments such as the China discussion we just had, the ESG products and services that are based on anchored off of some of the Trucost benefits that we had from that investment, so thank you again everyone for following the company. I hope everyone has a great summer and we'll be back in a quarter. Thank you very much.
Ewout Steenbergen: I would say a whole pile of stones we still to have in the company, and we are very pleased with the progress we are making. As you have seen, we are very disciplined with the execution of all of our programs to deliver on the commitments we have given to our shareholders. So if you look at the margins overall, we have now one business that has its aspirational margin targets, that is the Index business. On a trailing four-quarter basis, 68.4%, and we set the aspirational target is mid to high '60s. We have one business that is getting close to the aspirational target, that's the Platts business, that is on the trailing four-quarter basis now at 49.5%, and then Ratings and Market Intelligence have still a little bit of room with Ratings being now at 55.7 with the aspirational target of high '50s, and Market Intelligence at 35.6 trailing four-quarter margin and the aspirational target is mid to high '30s. So, we will continue to execute on our plans to deliver on the operational leverage that we have to deliver on our productivity programs to grow the top line, which of course the best way to expense margins is to grow the top line in a healthy way. You've seen that we have had strong revenue growth this quarter in all of our businesses, and that's way you may expect us to continue with that and we have a lot of opportunity still to continue on the spot.
Ewout Steenbergen: Well, we haven't really quantified that, but obviously running two platforms with all the maintenance expenses that come with that is expensive. So there should be operating leverage benefit that will come out of that, but we haven't really quantified that at this point in time.
Ewout Steenbergen: Tim, this is Ewout. I think you should not read anything with respect to the Platts results that there is a change in trends. We expect the Platts business to grow mid-single digits growing forward, that's going to always surrounds a bit that's a little bit quarter-by-quarter, but this is a very steady business where there is a lot of recurring revenues, we see the GTS business doing well. We see strong margin improvements and we expect to Platts business to continue on that path. So again expectation of mid-single digit revenue growth going forward. With respect to RigData, RigData was acquired approximately three years ago. The main strategic reason at that time was to secure the data source of the rig counts in North America, and the only way to secure that at that time was through the acquisition. In the meantime, we had an opportunity to secure that going forward through a licensing agreement. And therefore, there was a better owner for these assets in the future, and that's why we decided to sell RigData to the other owner. But at the same time have access of this data sets on an ongoing basis. As I mentioned in the prepared remark RigData, it was a relatively small business, approximately $10 million of annual revenue for this business.
Ewout Steenbergen: So, Tim, we are very happy with our portfolio, we think we have a fantastic set of businesses. So there is nothing large happening on the need for suspect to a portfolio review, but we always are looking at certain elements, and where we first of all can strengthen our portfolio based on acquisitions, but sometimes there are short and elements and smaller businesses that we think there is someone else who could be a better owner. So don't see that this is anything large in terms of a change in our strategic intent. This is just continued healthy review of our portfolio. But these are all in general term small businesses, so there is nothing behind that.
Ewout Steenbergen: And George, good morning. This is Ewout, I think it's hard to of course for us to comment on some of our peers. But I think in terms of our market profile, in each you always have to go two three layers deeper and looking at mix changes and to understand the impact on our company. So for example, if you look at structured finance, we are having strong market positions in certain areas, and we have smaller market positions in other areas. So for example, if there is a decline in CLOs, our CLO position is relatively modest. So we won't be impacted so much based on that. And the other element is what's Doug mentioned before at the previous question and that is that we saw particularly a decline in - sorry, we saw an increase in issuance from issuers that are paying us more on a pure transaction basis. So we have our frequent issuer programs where we have more a fixed fee arrangement. And so we saw more an increase on the customers that are on a transaction basis and therefore benefiting a bit, a little bit more this quarter then if the issuance growth would that have been in the frequent issuer programs which wasn't the case.
Ewout Steenbergen: George, I think you should look at the increase in our guidance. Overall, that we are very optimistic around our current performance, the growth progress we are making, the progress we are making with respect to our productivity programs. Doug mentioned the issuance outlook, that is modestly stronger for the full year. So overall, you have to take all of these elements into account if you think about our new EPS guidance. One element I would like to point out that the investment spend will be a bit higher in the second half of this year. So think about approximately $15 million higher investment spend in the second half than compared to the first half of 2019 and that $15 million will mostly be incurred in the market intelligence segments. And then also, if you look at the two divestments we did is SPIAS and RigData, on an annualized basis both companies combined had a revenue of $30 million, $30 million, so we're also missing a bit of revenue in the second half of the year because of those divestments. So look at that all in combination but I think what you should clearly take out of our improved guidance is we are very happy with the current performance, as you have seen this has been a very strong quarter for the company, and we are also optimistic about the outlook for the second half of this year.
Ewout Steenbergen: I can just share the enthusiasm of Doug around Kensho. If, for example, here about the redesign on the Market on Close process in Platts, the enthusiasm in Platts, and the people that are involved with that in working in a joint team with Kensho to redesign such a process, which will be really a leapfrog in terms of the proposition at Platts has to its existing customers. That's fantastic. If you think about the Omnisearch and how much of that is completely changing the experience of our customers in terms of the market intelligence platform, and looking at more and more data that we add to this platform which will make it more and more difficult to search what you're really looking for, so a very strong search engine is important, and in fact, it doesn't really exist in the B2B markets today. So that is already being rolled out today to certain customer groups and the feedback is very positive. I can give you the whole list, but of course, I don't want to spend too much time on that. Craig, you also have one very specific question about retention which is of course an important metric that we are measuring and following very closely, and I'm happy to tell you that the current attrition levels are below industry benchmarks for Kensho. So, we're pleased with that as well.
Ewout Steenbergen: So if we look at the overall size of our ESG business we're looking at activities and products across all of our divisions as Doug just explained. So think about renewable energy in Platts, think about Trucost and ESG scorecards that are being developed in market intelligence, the S&P Dow Jones Sustainability Index, and the new 500 ESG Index, in Index the ratings ESG evaluations and many more products that are currently under development. Overall, last year we reported approximately $37 million of revenues for ESG, the forecast for this year is approximately $50 million of revenue for the whole company and the outlook is growth of approximately 40% over the next few years. So 40% growth, so this will be clearly a growth driver for the company in the future.
