Lance Uggla: Thanks, Todd. We continue to execute very well, accomplished a lot in the quarter and have set ourselves up to deliver a very strong year of financial results. We look forward to broaden you our 2019 outlook early in November. Operator, we’re ready to open the lines for Q&A.
Lance Uggla: Yes, I guess the way we look at all of our -- well the whole firm as well as the individual segments, the whole firm we told you go forward 5% to 7% organic growth, up from 4% to 6% with the Ipreo acquisition. We talked about and reconfirmed regularly the 100 basis points of margin. And we tell that we're going to drive double-digit earnings growth. So that's how we're managing the firm and that's what your expectations of us should be.  Within the merger of IHS and Markit, we said that we were going to use our ability to drive operational efficiencies to give you the 100 basis points and anything incremental we could across that firm we wanted to -- across the firm we wanted to reinvest. Within Resources, we've seen significant opportunity in the upstream part of our business to invest in analytics, data analytics, our software offerings. We've seen some great growth year-over-year within our software offerings within our upstream energy businesses. And so the timing of that particular reporting of financial numbers to me personally it's a timing issue. I don't see anything changing in terms of our margin expansion or our growth plans into the low moving to mid-single-digits in the energy section. So yes, I don’t think there’s much to call out on that, except that those investments show up on a year-over-year basis. 
Lance Uggla: Good. Well at that note, we'll wrap it up. I just want to say thank you once again to all the teams globally not just the businesses but all the shared services that support us and the great work that they're doing. And to our analysts and investors, thank you for your support. 
Todd Hyatt: So you know, Peter, we continue to drive good strong cash. We're confident in the ability to get below the 3 times into our target leverage range by Q3 of next year. We'll provide the specific 2019 guidance in November. But I think there's a path to get toward the $500 million buyback in 2019, but certainly it will be very back-end loaded. 
Todd Hyatt: Into OPIS as we add additional spot market pricing. But energy is, I would say, of all of the segments, it has certainly the highest level of operating leverage. And it’s an area that certainly moving forward on a long-term basis, we would expect to have opportunity to expand margin in energy. But this is the right time to put a little bit more money back into the business.
Todd Hyatt: George, I mean we're always balancing a level of investment in the business and delivery of financial commitments. We're driving good growth. We're driving a good level of profit flow through in that growth and we're also making an appropriate level of investment in the company. And if we look on a year-to-date basis normalized, we've delivered above the 100 point target for the year. And we're doing that as we're also delivering better revenue and better overall total profit growth. So we're comfortable with how the business is performing and how we're managing delivery of profit to shareholders at the same time while we're making forward investment decisions. There isn't going to be a large or lumpy item that's going to significantly change the trajectory certainly that I foresee. And you should just continue to expect more of the same. 
Todd Hyatt: Yes. So we are seeing stock comp come down post merger, right? So it was 2.62 last year and we’re going to see that number come down, so we are making progress. Certainly coming out of the merger, we had an elevated level of stock-based comp expense. The target that we’ve provided at the time of the merger was the 1.25% of outstanding shares in year one. We took that down to 1% for 2018 in terms of stock comp shares that would be issued. And we’ll expect to stay in line with that target and look for opportunities to improve that target as we move forward. But it’s basically the 1% of outstanding shares.
Todd Hyatt: Yes, Eric will keep me honest here. But I believe that the first half year-to-date ACV was up $5 million or $6 million. So the Q3 was up $12 million. And if you look at the context for that $12 million and in terms of renewal base that would have been available to renew in the quarter, probably a $175 million. So a pretty good quarter when we look at the performance of the ACV growth. 
