Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, George. This is Ewout. Let me give you a couple of those components. As you know, we are always breaking out ratings revenue in two categories transactional and non-transactional. What you see in the transactional category is a combination of price and volume. And on the volume side, we have stated that 2% to 6% growth for build issuance. And then if you think about non-transaction, we continue to see, expected to see growth in the annual fees. Also, continued positive growth in Ratings is to be expected. And then ICR and RES, that's a bit uncertain because that depends very much on the overall economic environment. So those are some of the components that will add up to that range of 4% to 6% revenue expectation for Ratings in 2023. So I would say overall quite constructive after 2022. Got it.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Alex. Thanks for being on the call. You ask a couple of questions, so let me walk through each of those. 2024 revenue synergies are slightly tuned down due to the divestiture of Engineering Solutions. We had assumed a number of revenue synergies, both in Engineering Solutions as well as in some of our other segments in the collaboration with Engineering Solutions, for example, Commodity Insights shares a number of customers together with Engineering Solutions. But we are not concerned about that at all because we are finding so many new revenue synergies across the company that we are still firmly committed to the $350 million in total over the five-year period. You're also asking about, in general, the commercial momentum within the company. We're actually really happy what we are seeing. There is a lot of innovation, a lot of new product development, lot of really very strong customer interactions around all of that. You're seeing that we hit our revenue target for ESG sustainability for 2022. And with respect to vitality, what we told you was that we have a target to get vitality over 10% over the next few years. I'm actually very happy to report that we already got there in 2022. So our vitality was just over 10% last year as another indication of the level speed of innovation that we're increasing within the company.
Ewout Steenbergen: Toni, if you think about the overall market dynamics in the commodity markets, we think that currently those markets are very constructive for our customers and that is going to be helpful also for the growth of the business over the next few years. Well, first, one point to highlight is that in 2022 we saw some headwinds from Russia, from the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the fact that we stopped our commercial relationship with Russian customers. So obviously that headwind is going away going forward. Secondly, what we are seeing is that our customers are both focused on traditional energy resources and new energy resources. So we're benefiting from both trends at the same time where there is of course a lot of activity going on with respect to the current market prices in terms of exploration and additional capital expenditures that we're seeing. But our customers at the same time are also focused on energy transition and needs help from us. So we are providing data, insight, research, advisory, all of that around energy transition at the same time. So we believe this business has a lot of secular tailwinds over the next few years. What we told you is that at Investor Day that we expect this business to grow into 7% to 9% range in 2025 and 2026. And we think absolutely that is possible. We are very committed to hitting that number.
Ewout Steenbergen: Alex, a couple of items to think about, first in terms of seasonality, realize that we are facing still high comps for the first quarter because the economy started to go more south from March of last year, as well as the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict also started about in March. So first quarter comps are still a bit high. The second item to think about here is that we are now expecting, as we also said during the Investor Day, a mild recession in the first half of the year and then some economic strengthening in the back half of the year. And the third element that I can say is you know that we are running a very tight ship with respect to expenses. So we are definitely starting this year, given the economic uncertainty in a very careful way. And then we need to time this right because the most important thing is that we're going to benefit once the markets start to turn when the GDP is going up, that we're starting to benefit from a growth perspective. We have a lot of growth investments in our plan for this year, as you know. So we have to time it right that we're going to make those investments at the right moment so that we're going to be a large beneficiary once the markets start to swing up again. So those are a couple of the elements you should think about in terms of timing for this year.
Ewout Steenbergen: Okay. Thanks, Alex. In the very first part of the year, you still have pretty significant year-on-year comparables because markets were still strong in the very early parts of 2022. As we come through 2023, we do see some resilience in the early part of this year, but we do see a lot of cautiousness still in markets, and you see aggregate activity levels as well as we do. As we get towards the latter part of the year, your year-on-year comparison starts to flatten out quite significantly. And for us internally, thinking about out what we expect in the year, we budgeted modest increase in total activity across capital markets platforms. We'll obviously see how the year develops, but we think that's the right call as we sit here today.
Ewout Steenbergen: Jeff, the forecast, the guidance we're giving is middle of the road. It's management's best estimates. This is our best expectation for the markets and for the full year at this point in time. I can give you a couple of underlying elements in terms of assumptions that have gone into our plan. So, for example, with our market sensitive businesses, think about the index business. The assumption is flat equity markets this year for the full year. You could say January looks a bit better, and February so far as well. But we're not changing our plan on a month-to-month basis. So on average we're expecting markets to be flat. That is the assumption that have gone into the index outlook, as well as 20% declines in ETD volumes coming from elevated levels last year, as well as flows to be more or less in line with what we have seen in previous years. And then with respect to the other market sensitive businesses, we already gave you some of the assumptions for ratings, so that is has gone into the plan. We think this is our best estimate at this point in time, given everything we know about the company and the markets.
Ewout Steenbergen: Jeff, let me first give you a number of data points in terms of what Kensho is exactly doing today for the organization. And it's actually really mind blowing if you hear these numbers. So a product called Kensho link has saved over 2-million-hour ingesting data sets, strategic data sets, expanding data sets for our customers. Also, link has at this moment achieved 1 million unstructured private market, private entity data into our database, into our platforms, and connected to the market intelligence ID numbers of those entities. There are two other products called EXTRACT and NERD that have enriched 73 million documents on the Cap IQ Pro platform. It has ingested $10.5 million investment research reports on the Cap IQ Pro platform. And Scribe, which is our language speech to text model, is saving 250,000 hours of men work per year for transcripts. Annual savings of that are approximately $9 million. And the list can go on. But those are some data points. Sometimes it's not really understood what Kensho is exactly doing, but it's really impressive. And I hope you agree with me when you hear those numbers. But now shifting to the future of Kensho, because you are right. Kensho's really sweet spot is natural language processing. And everything that we're reading today about large language models is exactly in that sweet spot. So Kensho is today already developing a financial language model called FinLM, which is trained on the S&P Global data assets. It's very expensive to develop large language models. The cost of the compute is very high. But if you have stronger data sets, higher quality data sets, actually that's a differentiating factor. So we're avoiding very significant compute time and costs, so to say. Also, Kensho is developing something new. That's the Kensho Solver which is the AI solution to answer the most complex financial number questions. You also can read about large language models actually not being so strong in math. And we are working on a solution in this area as well. So if you just add it all up, I think what Kensho can be doing for the company and where it's working on, it's very impressive. And we're very pleased that we are so far ahead in acquiring this company already five years ago.
Ewout Steenbergen: Craig, in general terms, we always start to think first about what we do for the customer, the value we generate. The good news is that most of our products are must have products with a very high contribution to our customers. And obviously, that is the first element we take into consideration when we start to think about pricing. Pricing obviously needs to reflect also our cost price. Cost price is going up given the higher inflationary environment. So we believe we have across the board, depending on facts and circumstances, customer relationships, depending on certain products in one area or another area. But in general, we have an opportunity to pass on higher price increases given the higher inflationary environment.
Ewout Steenbergen: Faiza, let me start with a general answer, and then I hand it over to Adam for some additional color in market intelligence. So in general, what we are seeing is very good activity from a cross-sell perspective. We're speaking about 6,700 referrals or leads that have already been generated, both intra deficient and inter-deficient, with very positive conversion levels across the company. So what we're seeing in general is that customers are really happy to talk to us about what more we can bring to them, how we can add more value. The next phase is, of course, to start to focus on new product development. So that will be the next wave of revenue synergies. But we feel we're definitely well on track ahead of the timing and the planning that we had originally. And I handed over to Adam for some additional color.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Owen. If you're think about the contractual agreement we're having with AWS, this is about a $1 billion spent in total over the next five years. And to put that in perspective, we will continue with a multi cloud philosophy and in total according to our forecast, we would actually be spending more than a $1 billion on cloud computes over the next couple of years. So this is not an increase in spend in total. This is exactly in line, or actually is our total cloud forecast is actually higher than this particular number. But what this brings to us is two very significant benefits. The first is of course that by combining the S&P Global and IHS Markit contracts at this moment in this new partnership with AWS, we will be able to generate very significant cost synergies as part of the new contract. And secondly, as Doug already said, and this is actually more important from my perspective is the strategic partnership because this will help to advance our technology innovation. We will be able to combine leading technologies and platforms and data sets of both companies. We'll be able to add specific capabilities that we are having on both sides, including the Kensho AI capabilities of course. And the most important that will end up with a really very incredible customer experience that we expect to enhance over the next few years.
Ewout Steenbergen: And, Stephanie, let me give you in terms of some of the revenue drivers a little bit, in addition to what Doug said. So with the market normalization, the higher inventory levels, the prices for new and used cars that are coming down, we see the following dynamics for our revenue drivers. On the one hand, that will mean that margins for OEMs and dealers most likely will come down a bit, having an impact on some of the retention levels. But on the other hand, we have the marketing and sales products that are being used and there will be a higher demand going forward for those products. So you could say there is a kind of an offset in terms of the new dynamics in the different revenue streams that we're having. Therefore, we are quite confident that we're able to hit that 6.5% to 8.5% growth level in the current automotive market and the new dynamics that we're are seeing.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning. So if you look at the revenue that's we have reported for 2022, under the old definition and inclusion for ESG, $209 million. We're adding three new categories. And therefore we call the new revenue base sustainability and energy transition. You can find the details in the appendix of the slide deck. But the three main categories that we're adding is revenues from e-fees and that is coming from the mobility business, revenues with respect to energy transition for the commodities insights business and then thematic factors coming from the index business. So those three categories we are adding into the new definition that brings the baseline for 2022 to $247 million and then we expect to grow from there with the CAGR of about 34% over the next few years. And our expectation is still that this will become an $800 million business by 2026.
Ewout Steenbergen: That’s included in the $3.3 billion, Russell, so how that build up is how you can take our free cash flow forecast and guidance for this year, 85% of debt deduct, the dividends that we will pay out after the $750 million proceeds for Engineering solutions. And that brings you to the $3.3 billion capacity for buybacks for 2023.
Ewout Steenbergen: So, if you look at expenses for the index business in the fourth quarter, you should see that in the context of that, this is a business that is investing in the context of driving faster future growth. And one of those things that you see in the quarter is some consulting spend to help the business with a very large transformation to move to more agile working environment, to be much faster in terms of product development, much faster in terms of new entrepreneurial initiatives. And that needed some investments in the quarter from a consulting perspective to make those changes. Also, what you see is strategic investments in new product areas like multi asset class that was already discussed early in the call, but also sustainability, thematic factors, et cetera. So that should position the index business very well to deliver on the double-digit revenue growth in 2025 and 2026 that we discussed during our Investor Day with margins in the high 60s level. So really, I have to say I'm really impressed by the index business. They take very decisive actions. They're transforming their business and setting themselves up on a faster growth trajectory. And the expenses you see in the fourth quarter, you should interpret in the context of that.
Doug Peterson: George, this is Doug. Before I hand it over to Adam, I want to welcome Adam and Martina to the call today. As you met our presidents at the Investor Day on December 1, we're pleased to ask a couple of them to join us on each of the earnings call. And today it's going to be Adam and Martina. But Adam, over to you.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thanks, Toni. As you know, the basis of the index business that we have is about transparency. It's independence. It's the ability for a client to understand exactly what's in the portfolio at any point in time. Where we're especially seeing multi asset class demand is in the insurance industry. The insurance industry, which has many types of products, is looking to multi asset class. They use it for annuities, they use it for wrappers. And we're also seeing that bank structured product desks are also looking at multi asset classes. So we're seeing a lot of growth in this. You asked the question about what is the difference? The difference is that you can put together a single product which meets the needs of a client. And we're seeing that this is right now very high demand coming from those two industries. As ETFs are built from the multi asset classes, then you start getting trading around them. So we see the entire ecosystem starting to grow. And it's also part of the trend when we see active to passive anyway. So I think it's very important you ask the question. It's one of our growth areas and across all of the index business. This is one of that we're most excited about, finally, because we have within S&P Global now one of the leading franchises of Fixed Income with IBOX, CDX and iTraxx, we can actually produce these products on our own all-in house.
Doug Peterson: Well, thank you, Jeff. We're very pleased by the investment we made in Kensho, in addition to investments we've made across the entire organization in decision sciences and AI and machine learning. I recently spent some time with Kensho in Cambridge, and they were able to show me some of the R&D they're doing on large language models, which is something that's in the press every day right now. We're seeing that for the financial markets, we've been able to harness the data and the language that we already have inside of the company to develop some very interesting products. But since Ewout oversees Kensho, I think I should hand it over to him to finish the answer.
Doug Peterson: Owen, this is a relationship that we've had for many years. And when we put together the two companies and had our merger, we realized that both of us had already very strong relationships with AWS. We had been on a cloud switch for many years. A few years ago, before the pandemic, I was visiting an acre of a data site where we had hundreds and hundreds of servers. And I said, why do we have all these servers? Should we be in the business of having server farms? And we started a transition in moving to AWS. So over the years, we've developed an incredible partnership with them. And you saw yesterday the culmination of the merger where we've come together to combine contracts to come up with a new approach to how we're going to run our day-to-day operations. But most exciting is the opportunities as this brings for strategic cooperation, for developing new products, for being able to serve customers with completely new opportunities. When we look at our data sets that we have, some of the data that AWS has, how we can bring those together to do completely new innovation. We talked earlier about large language models, the other types of artificial intelligence and machine learning that are shaping markets of the future. We think that the two companies together can accelerate what we're already doing. We see that AWS has, for us been an incredible partner. We're pleased with this approach to a contract. We just signed the contract yesterday. In addition, that we will follow up with some strategic aspects later on and follow up. But you asked some questions about the financial aspects, and I'll ask Ewout to answer that part.
Doug Peterson: Yes, Stephanie, this is Doug. When you look at the mobility business, you have to think about all of the different capabilities that we have across the business. And this starts with CARFAX, which you mentioned. There's a set of products, automotive mastermind, Polk Analytics. What you think about is it all the way from the OEMs to the suppliers, to the dealers, to the insurance companies, to the financial institutions that are financing the automotive sector. All of them are looking for data and analytics. And we've seen an incredible digital transformation that has taken place over the last three years with a lot of volatility in the automotive markets. And all of this has driven all of these different types of players to the mobility business for data, for analytics, for research, for forecasting. In addition to that, we see an incredible transformation taking place in the industry with electric vehicles. And so electric vehicles are also introducing a new element which is also bringing all of these types of people back to the markets for more data and analytics. We've seen that we can benefit in different of types of markets depending on whether it's used cars, it's new cars, whether it's, how a dealer is going to be working with incentives. And so we believe that the market is’ that the business is very resilient depending on whatever the factors are. We're watching very carefully and we actually use our own data to forecast our own business.
Doug Peterson: As you know, we look at the key secular trends and drivers of value across all of the markets. And you heard us talk about those on Investor Day. They relate to things like the changes that are taking place in capital markets, internationalization of financial markets, private markets. We've talked about sustainability, the shift from active to passive, supply chain analytics, the approach to all companies looking at becoming digitized, and how data and analytics play. And so we look across our portfolio, we look at what are those growth drivers for each of our businesses? And as you know, we could be opportunistic if we looked at something for some sort of opportunity to bring a business into the portfolio. But we also know that we are going to look over the long run and see what is the type of portfolio we want to have. Are we the best owner of the businesses that we have in the portfolio? So you should assume that we're going to continue with the discipline we've always had when it comes to M&A.
Doug Peterson: Ashish, thanks for the question. First, let me just take the credit and risk solutions piece of the question. We mentioned FRA, this is a business that is a large software delivery, had a large delivery in Q4 of 2021. So you have a year-on-year comparable that made Q4 of 2022 a challenging quarter. So I think that's the thing that Ewout called out earlier that you're referring to, the underlying business remains very strong. This is our ratings direct; ratings express capabilities and they continues to grow as it has historically. Actually it has a really exciting path forward as we move more and more capabilities into our corporate customers and in particularly our credit analytics capabilities. So quite excited about that forward. Second, I think you asked about our data and advisory solutions. This is the broad set of data capabilities that we can bring to bear for our customers. Even just this morning, I saw a large win with an Australian bank where because of the combined sets of data that we now have in the combined enterprise, we're able to respond to very broad RFPs to satisfy needs of customers across a wide range of applications and credit and risk management within their firms. So I do expect that to continue. I think even as the synergies come more to the front and we're able to integrate those data sets together. And this will lead into an answer to your cloud question, I think as we integrate those data sets together more and more, we're increasing the scope of opportunity we have to even further accelerate in our data advisory businesses. On the cloud, many of our applications today already run in the cloud, as Ewout highlighted in the description of the AWS relationship. This is a long-standing relationship. What we're about to do now is to launch the next phase and really complete that full cloud migration. Once all applications and our data capabilities are in the cloud and we've launched a full multi cloud capability across our data sets, this gives us the opportunity to be much more efficient in developing new products, delivering those products out to customers in the way that they want, making available wide sets of data for the application of data science and artificial intelligence. I really do think this is a very important part of the continued acceleration and the broad scope of capabilities we have within market intelligence and you'll see that reflected in that data advisory business and many of the other solutions that we deliver out to customers.
Doug Peterson: Well, thank you everyone. As I mentioned earlier, despite the challenging market conditions, 2022 was a year of resilience, decisive action, and investment for the future. We're really proud of all the accomplishments we had last year, especially the merger with IHS Markit and our bold new strategic vision powering global markets. This is going to allow us to take advantage of secular trends that we've been mentioning throughout the call, like energy transition and private market markets, and the need for analytics and insights in turbulent markets. And we think we're very well positioned for growth in 2023 and beyond. But the reason we're successful is because of the tremendous people that we have in this company. And I want to thank them again for all the work that they did throughout 2022 and all they're doing to help shape the future of S&P Global. I also want to thank all of you to join the call today for your excellent questions. We are very excited about our future and can't wait to share more with you throughout the year. So thank you for joining us today.
Adam Kansler: Thanks, George. We're very confident in our desktop business, but our desktop revenue in this quarter didn't perform how we expected. Let me give you a little bit of color on that. Financial services industry obviously under pressure. You see that belt tightening, now some of the largest sell side banks, and they're taking a cautious approach right now, and we're not immune to that. That said, our core desktop offering continued to grow extremely well. Within that desktop revenue line, you have certain products that are non-recurring in nature. Consulting and advisory engagements tied to our desktop offering. These are the products that saw that impact in Q4. As we look out to 2023, we remain confident in our desktop growth, and we're excited about our forward competitive position. We saw active user growth up 9% this year. This is great growth in a challenging year. An important driver for us as we renew and expand our relationships with our customers in 2023. We're delivering significant upgrades in the offering. Speeds increased dramatically. New features being released. You saw we announced our ECR data live on our desktop in 2023. Fixed income and loan capabilities coming. So while Q4 not quite the quarter we expected, we're very confident and excited about that growth forward. I'll just spend two seconds on enterprise solutions. I know you asked about that as well. Understand that revenue line as really two separate components. Software solutions our customers use for workflow compliance and portfolio monitoring. And a section for industry platforms that are really directly impacted by capital markets activity and volumes. That first group performed really well this year, and we expect that to continue to perform really well into 2023. A lot of those are double digit growth businesses. The second bucket, the industry platform, is really impacted by significant drops in capital markets activity that saw a negative double-digit impact in the current year. When we look forward into 2023, we expect that negative impact to moderate as we lap those comparables and as markets stabilize. So we do have a very positive outlook for enterprise solutions as we go forward into ‘23.
Adam Kansler: Thanks. It's a great question because this is probably the most exciting part of what happens in a merger and bringing together the set of capabilities that we now have. In 2022, this was mostly about cross-sell, selling our products to expanded customer bases that gave us a good early start. And in this first year, we were able to perform on that type of synergy realization. As we move into 2023, as Ewout described, it really becomes about building new products that we're able to now deliver because of a combined set of capabilities. Already in 2023, I think five of our combined product capabilities are already generating revenue. We have over 20 in the pipeline, and this is just in market intelligence alone. These are things like building our sustainability data and capabilities into our workflow solutions, expanding the capacity and capabilities of our desktop with fixed income and loans information, bringing together workflow solutions, and incorporating much larger data sets for customers to think about private markets customer who also wants to look at public company comparables for basic financial analysis. Those types of combined product offerings are what give us a lot of confidence in our total revenue synergy targets over $300 million as we get out into later years. And as I mentioned, the most exciting part of what we're doing.
Adam Kansler: Hi, Owen. It’s Adam. Happy to take that. So private markets continue to expand. You're seeing continued issuance of private debt, increasing regulatory pressures for disclosure, needs to monitor, report, test and report against sustainability metrics. Manage large private equity and private credit portfolios that requires things like valuations, reporting tools, portfolio monitoring tools. These are all areas where we already have a significant footprint, and we're well positioned to deliver additional solutions to the market. While you see in this year some tempering and fundraising, I think everyone agrees this is an asset class that will continue to grow. And the types of solutions that I described, workflow solutions, regulatory reporting, valuations, portfolio monitoring, all have significant room for continued growth.
Martina Cheung: Thanks for the question, Alex. This is Martina. We consistent with our overall view for 2023, both for macroeconomic as well as market Issuance not feeding into our build Issuance. We would see the chances for a mild recession in the first half with some recovery in the second half. And so you could expect to see a little bit more softness in Issuance in the first half followed by some recovery in the second half.
Martina Cheung: Hi, Craig. Yes, it's Martina here. Thanks for the question. So our outlook for this year is overall up 2.5%. The underlying factors, everything Doug had highlighted in his presentation, but 8.5% on corporates, 3% on FS US Public finance around 5%. And we're projecting a decline in structured finance of about 7%. We don't break out high yield and bank loans specifically, Craig. But what I can say is as you all know, high yield in 2022 was a really low year. And so we see growth in the high yield market this year. I think on the bank loans and CLOs, maybe what I can just touch on is the expectation for the research team underpinning that 7% decline in structured finance does reflect some concern around the pipeline for CLOs which we characterize or capture in the Structured Finance Act.
Martina Cheung: Yes, thanks so much for the question. Look, I mean, as I mentioned at the last point, ‘22 was just a really low base from which to compare so we absolutely do expect to see growth and high yield as it relates to January and this week, it's really too early to call. We still have quite a few puts and takes on this in terms of the macro variables. But overall, I would guide to what we've been saying around our expectations first half, second half, how the macro factors play into our overall issuance expectation and how that plays into our build issuance trends.
Martina Cheung: And Owen, this is Martina. I'll just add in a little bit here from a rating standpoint. So private markets, it does contribute quite a bit to our overall business, whether it's in syndicated loans through M&A, LBO activity, et cetera. And we also obviously rate the asset managers, the portfolio companies sponsor, BDCs, and we do quite a bit of credit analysis work to support multiple users in that sector. We have good relationships with key players, and we've been ramping up engagement over the last couple of years. A lot of good dialogue, a lot of interest in new opportunities. What we saw in private debt specifically in 2022, was a growth that was fueled somewhat by the closure of the public markets. And we have heard a lot of interest from customers with pent-up demand looking to come back to the public markets. But overall, we see there's a lot of opportunity here, not just in business and activity coming back to the public markets, but also in working very closely with our private market clients.
Martina Cheung: Hey Brendon, it's Martina. I can answer that question. So obviously, as part of our issuance, we look for associate the maturity wall data. It's a little difficult to figure out specifically the precise numbers around things like refinancing, which I think goes to the heart of your question. We know historically much of what gets labeled as general corporate purposes has been used for refinancing. What I would say is we're seeing, as you would have seen in our presentation, about $2 trillion to $2.5 trillion in corporate debt rated by us maturing over the next six years. 2023 still has about $1.8 trillion of maturities as of January 1. So we expect refinancing activity this year with any potential early refinancing coming from 2024 maturities. A couple of the key points in terms of what we hear, we don't see any indication of deleveraging, for example, on a meaningful scale. We also are paying close attention to what we see in terms of inflation and interest rates stabilizing somewhat in the second part of the year. So there's still some room for opportunistic issuance, but it's pretty uncertain, as I'd mentioned earlier.
Martina Cheung: Thanks for the question, Jeff. Well, we try to manage our business to absorb shocks, and you'll see that we've maintained our analytical capacity over the last couple of years in some higher growth areas, we've invested a little more capacity ahead of a recovery that we're expecting later this year. The market, as you know, needs our research or insights around the ratings. And the demand for this increased dramatically during the last couple of years with the uncertainty and the volatility. So we've worked very hard to maintain our capacity for that, as well as to anticipate increases in the latter part of this year in volumes. We have done some small changes in the past year or so as part of continuing to enhance our operating model. And as I said during Investor Day, always prudent with our expenses, very disciplined around all the levers that we have, whether it's location, strategy, T&E. And of course, we have benefited substantially from the shared cost synergies with the merger. And the last point I would make on this is in any extreme scenario, we clearly examine all of our options, but right now, we are very comfortable with the analytical levels that we have.
Martina Cheung: Yes, thanks for the question, Russell. I don't have the ‘22 maturity numbers in front of me. There's maybe a way to let me know if this is helpful. 2022, we saw overall lower volume of maturities, and the reason why is because you actually have to go back two years prior to that, there was a ton of pull forward done and opportunistic tapping to the market done in 2020 and 2021 because rates were so low. So not sure if that's helpful for you, but the number you're seeing for 2023 in our charts is $1.8 trillion as of the 1 January of this year. We're anticipating that. We think there is possibility for a little bit of pull forward from ‘24, but we really have to see how the year plays out between the first and second half.
