Robert S. Merritt: Thanks, Jack. Just a couple of instructions for our phone participants I would kindly ask that you limit yourself to two questions; that's two questions, in order to allow time for other callers during today's Q&A session. Operator, we'll now take our first question.
Robert S. Merritt: To be absolute, what we give you the – on the slide that we give you, we give you the change year-over-year for the various buckets. We don't provide the absolute number within that.
Robert S. Merritt: Okay, thanks. But I mean, the – yeah, so we just currently don't do that. I can generally size it for you, if you'd like, but we don't give the exact numbers.
Robert S. Merritt: So the question is after we're done with all these programs, will there be other cost reduction programs? Gary Wei - Susquehanna International Group, LLP (SIG) Right, right. Thanks.
John F. Callahan: First of all, on the first part of your question, Manav – this is Jack, I don't think there's anything unusual about the closing conditions in these transactions. I suspect – I think – I do anticipate that perhaps J.D. Power may close a bit sooner. I would point to the middle or early third quarter. The sale of the pricing businesses maybe a little bit more late in the third, early fourth. That would be the timing that we're currently considering. In terms of the dilution for this year, for J.D. Power, if you assume a mid-year close, the EPS dilution is – it would probably be roughly $0.1. And at this point, I think our assumption we could use ongoing share repurchase activity combined with proceeds from sales to largely mitigate the dilution within the year. And again, I think because the other pricing businesses will be a bit more back-end loaded. I don't think it's going to be a big issue for – at this point in time, in terms of what we see for 2016.
John F. Callahan: I think we were pretty in the market in the first quarter. It was a step up relative to the first quarter a year ago. And as we've alluded to in terms of our comments on guidance, it is our current assumption that from what we see right now, we'll largely use the cash proceeds from the asset sales to largely offset any dilution that we anticipate from the sale of what were profitable businesses. So to that end, as we do start to receive or in anticipation of cash received on sales, we do anticipate some pickup in our share repurchase activity, particularly more, I would say, in the back half of the year.
John F. Callahan: I think we've been talking about slowdown in capital markets now for a couple of years. So I don't know if we'd point to anything fundamentally has changed in the overall market environment for Market Intelligence. It is a competitive marketplace out there. But particularly now, as we now have the benefits of bringing together the scale benefits of SNL with our legacy S&P Cap IQ businesses, we think over time we'll have a much more compelling product offering, particularly as we move forward. On the margin question, obviously, we're very, very pleased with the step-up to approximately 30% margins in the business. I think that's generally the new range for the business for 2016. But I would think over the long-term, as we continue to realize synergies, which we are obviously making good progress on, but we continue to have a good number ahead of us, we think that there is some upside to the margin as we go into 2017 and beyond.
John F. Callahan: We just updated our forecast which released yesterday, I mean, Chip, maybe after this call you can make the new forecast available so people can see on which our assumptions were based.
John F. Callahan: Yeah. I would just add, though, that there could be some fluctuation because we did have, as we mentioned, an unusually strong quarter in the Global Trading Services which is more transaction side of the business. So that's a nice growth business for us, but it was really high growth in the first quarter kind of given the volatility that was there. So I'm not sure that'll be there every quarter, but we're quite heartened by the progress. There was a bit of forex benefit to the margin improvement. So I'd say about a third of margin improvement was – we did get some forex benefit, but in general we think that we're – I think that's very solid right now.
John F. Callahan: That's a general range, Peter, in terms of base plan assumptions. I think that has to be – based on our current view, I think, going back to what we said earlier, I think we have to flex that upwards as we certainly get at least into the back half of the year given the proceeds from the asset sales that we see coming. And, obviously, we need to do something to reduce the dilution from the sale of those businesses. So we do anticipate some pickup at this point in time as we look to the back half of the year. And then, in terms of the leverage question, I think you've seen over the last year that we are methodically putting a little bit more debt into the balance sheet. We had two very successful bond raises last year. You've seen that we have used our short-term borrowing capabilities to flex – to continue to buy back relatively heavy in the Q1 timeframe, which is time that we're a little – we tend to be a little bit short U.S. cash. But we know we have that flexibility on using short-term debt to sustain the program. And we're going to – when we acknowledge that we still have more borrowing flexibility that we'll consider in terms of the pacing of future activities.
John F. Callahan: There's a couple of components of – this is a big – obviously, a big improvement in the margin. So it is – maybe it's important to comment on a couple important pieces here. One, if you look at just the performance of the legacy S&P Cap IQ business last year in 2015, the lowest margin point of the year was Q1. And the legacy S&P Cap IQ business did improve their margins to the mid-20% range when you looked into the second and third. So the run rate of the legacy Cap IQ business was getting better. Then you overlay the profits from the SNL acquisition, those two – those were significant and combined with both businesses growing very nicely on the top line. Then, you start to layer in the synergies. And the synergies, we had given guidance earlier that we thought about a third of the $100 million of total synergies would be achieved in 2016. And I can tell you we're very much on pace to deliver that based on what we've seen in the first quarter. So synergies did have a role in the expansion here, but it wasn't the only driver. And then, in terms of the nature of what we saw in the first quarter, it was more G&A related. And I think these longer term cost opportunities around data, technology, commercial, et cetera, are more down the line. So that's some of the work that we have ahead of us.
John F. Callahan: And I would just add that I think what we saw in Q1, it's not just about cost management. I mean, revenue year-on-year was down over $50 million. So I think the organization did a very good job controlling their expenses overall as they worked through that moment of volatility.
John F. Callahan: Yeah, it is right. The information, the benchmark side has always been classified in recurring revenue.
John F. Callahan: The derivative trading remains in the transaction side because that can be very volatile. As we just looked at the revenue stream we have from assets under management, while there is some volatility there, it's not like it goes to zero. Like nothing ever – it's not as volatile...
John F. Callahan: That you ever see in bond issuance. So that's why we broke it out as a third category, because we do believe that it has different revenue characteristics and, in general, we think that's clearly more sticky than in the transaction side. So we think that gives investors a better sense to better appreciate the more recurring side of our future revenue flows.
John F. Callahan: The only thing I would add, though, is I do think it puts – we were very mindful of some of the new – the competition that could be out there. I think it just raises the game in terms of ever better quality data and increasing analytic capabilities and the ability to link into a customer's work flow. So I mean, I think it just kind of – we have to kind of continue the journey we're on to maintain clear differentiation in the marketplace.
John F. Callahan: I don't want to jump into next year quite yet, but J.D. Power which will be at – let's just – if we assume it closes at mid-year, that could be approximately somewhere between about $175 million of revenue. And then on the pricing business, if we assume the end of third quarter close, that could be around $30 million. So that's – and taken in total, roughly $200 million if you assume the timing of close on both those transactions.
John F. Callahan: I would say that between J.D. Power alone at mid-year is roughly $0.1. If you assume the third quarter close for the other business, you're probably talking about $0.13, $0.14 in total for the year.
John F. Callahan: That would be prior to share repurchase, and that's going back to our earlier comments that our current anticipation is that we would leverage share repurchase activity to offset the dilution from these businesses. And we can tighten that up once we know the timing, both of the close of these transactions and the pacing of our share repurchase activities. But again, our current assumption is any adjustment we have in terms of our outlook for 2016 is going to be more around revenue, not EPS.
Doug L. Peterson: Let me start with that. First of all, during the quarter, we have continued with programs we've put in place for the last two or three years related to ensuring that we have the right effective approach to managing our expenses, staffing levels, et cetera. So during the quarter, we've continued to invest for the long run in the business. It's very important for us to continue to invest in technology to ensure that we're meeting all of the global regulatory requirements. But we, at the same time, have also been able to ensure that we have the right level of staffing for the level of transactions that are coming out. We have an opportunity to look at our accrual for our bonuses at the end of the year. In addition to that, if you remember last year in the first quarter, we were still in the final negotiations on settlements with the DOJ and the SEC. So we did not have that same level of legal expenses.
Doug L. Peterson: Yeah. So, first of all, we've been looking very carefully at the broader set of demands and information requirements from our customers, going out to meet with banks, with buy side, sell side. In addition, digging deeper into different classes of people within those organizations, so portfolio managers, investment bankers, risk managers, CFOs, treasurers, et cetera. We generally see that there's a high demand for data across the financial institutions and increasingly as well as corporates. Corporates also are managing balance sheets and have more and more requirements for data and analytics. There are a lot of different tools which are available, and one of our goals is to ensure that the kinds of products and services that we provide, whether it's our ratings information that goes through our Risk Services business or, more importantly, the S&P Capital IQ and SNL products that are used in many different ways are tied and linked to the needs of the different constituencies that we're working with. So we've been forecasting there's a combination of volume growth that we're continuing to see in a positive sense, as well as pricing and different ways that we can increase our growth. Remember that when we bought SNL, one of the deal theses for us was that we're also going to be able to see more international growth for the SNL product. We're in the very early stages of that. We're seeing some pilots here and there that are starting to pay off, but it's part of our integration plan is to pursue the international aspect of SNL and very early days of that, but that's another component that we're driving for our growth.
Doug L. Peterson: It's a combination of both, the desktops and penetration is very important for us. We want to have a commercial organization that is understanding the needs of our customers and targeting where we can place more services, whether it's desktops or it's overall enterprise-wide services. Pricing is something that obviously we look at across the board to see how we can always get better price realization. But for us it's more important, is to ensure that we have the right customer acceptance, and that's what's driving our growth principally.
Doug L. Peterson: As I've mentioned on prior calls, the way we think about this is, we want to ensure that we have the appropriate commercial and sales organization in place in Ratings. We have – through the last few years, we've put in place all of the different requirements of Dodd-Frank and the CRA3 in Europe, which means that we've segregated our sales force and our commercial activities. Part of our commercial activities are to understand how we can best price for our customers. We can have yield for our ability to price for them for what they need in the services at the time. We have been looking at our frequent issuer programs. It is potentially a growth area for us, but it's not something that we're giving a lot of details on at this point in time.
Doug L. Peterson: Let me give you – start by just a little bit of an outlook. We gave you a quick slide on that in our earnings slides we just gave you. We have looked at the forward approach to what we think 2016 issuance is going to be. When we did our last call, we said that we thought it'd be down about 1% for the year. We've adjusted that now, that it should be down about 2% for the year. In terms of components, industrials, or we want to call them non-financials, should be down about 6% to 10%. Financial services is one of the bright spots. There are a lot of needs for TLAC, or Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity for banks around the globe as well as some different programs, which is attracting financial services issuance. Structured finance is likely to be down 4% to 9%, and public finance in the U.S. is also going to be down 8% to 12%. International public finance will be up a little bit, 3% or 4%. But net-net, we expect that the total year issuance will be down about 2% to 2.3% for the entire year, and that's after a very, very weak first quarter as you know. We've seen in April so far issuance that stayed similar to the March, especially on investment grade. Investment grade has stayed quite strong. Non-investment grade issuance is still fairly weak into the second quarter. Throughout the year, we're going to continue to follow all of the same management disciplines we've talked about in the past, having to do with being – having a very aggressive commercial strategy, managing our costs in a way that are very prudent, while meeting all of our goals and objectives related to investments in technology and more efficiency in our business, as well as meeting all of our risk and compliance standards. As you see, we've kept our guidance at the same level despite having started off with a weak first quarter, because we believe that in addition to what we've seen across all of our businesses that we've got conditions to maintain that same level of guidance.
Doug L. Peterson: Yeah, couple of things. So first of all, there have been – we continue to see very strong covered bond market in Europe and in Asia. There's also what I would call bank originated securitization, which our traditional ABS products, its credit cards, its auto loans, things like that, those continue to be very strong. Banks are all actively managing their balance sheet to have the optimal level of capital. So those types of issuances, bank-specific, have been very, very busy, very important. The areas where we're seeing more, I guess, I'd use the word volatility in issuance, which means it's going up and down, is in traditional RMBS, which has been quite weak, as well as CMBS. We do see a robust pipeline of CMBS deals right now, but we didn't see that three weeks ago, six weeks ago and 12 weeks ago. So the CMBS market is a little bit more volatile, it's one of the swing factors. There has been some tightening of the spreads on CMBS deals in the United States over last couple of weeks. And we do think that we're seeing, because of that, we're getting a stronger pipeline. Anyway, so just to give you a view again, bank issuance, covered bonds, bank oriented securitizations, should be stronger, more steady, and then things like RMBS, CMBS around the globe, we're seeing more volatility in that. But we expect towards – our expectations on this forecast also take into account refinancing. And there are certain refinancing of securitizations as well, that are coming in through the second half of the year that we think will also come to the market.
Doug L. Peterson: I don't have any detailed numbers on that. What I'd tell you is that it's been – September is when we closed the transaction. So it's not quite a year yet. We have a very robust integration program which has 10 work streams. Those work streams include the classic areas you'd imagine, things like technology and ensuring that we have the right computer systems in place, et cetera. And there's a work stream on commercial opportunities where we have pilots across the globe. The team under Mike Chinn have done a fantastic job of identifying an optimal sales force, taking into account people from both of the businesses that know the markets really well. And we have pilot programs in Asia and in EMEA that we started launching. I think that it would be better if you gave us a few more months before we started thinking about what kind of disclosure and what kind of progress we would talk about on that. But just you didn't ask the question, but to talk a little bit about what that progress is, we mentioned in our remarks that a lot of that progress has been around initial cost reductions based on people leaving the organization and there's other synergies which will start coming through that have longer tails and maybe require some investments in areas like technology, operations. And then the top line, as we've said, will probably take a little bit longer overall. And when we gave our guidance in the last quarterly call, we updated it and we said that the revenue synergies, we're going to probably take a little bit longer, more along the original thesis that we had produced, which was around between now and 2019.
Doug L. Peterson: That was mainly from management. This is one of the biggest advantages of moving really fast on a decision about how to integrate businesses. And by making a decision to put Mike Chinn in charge of the division, within a week of the acquisition, we were able to move very quickly on the management structure. So that's principally where the roles came from.
Doug L. Peterson: That's mostly Platts, and it's one of the nice things about having a business that grew almost 10% on the top line. So the very large percentage of that dropped to the margin and dropped to the bottom line.
Doug L. Peterson: Yeah. So first of all, we have a corporate-wide initiative to look at our overall data and analytics related to customers. This is something that we want to improve, we want to have the right kind of culture around the organization of understanding the importance of customers and customer data and analytics. In addition to that, we have a buy-in and approach for each of our businesses to hire new organizations or upgrade or promote people within the organization to have these commercial organizations that are focused on the markets. They're doing a new approach or an upgraded approach to market sizing, to market segmentation, et cetera. Each of the businesses now are very far along with those processes, although I'd say that we don't necessarily have all of the people in place. I do think it's part of our ongoing approach to growing the business. We think that top line growth is the best way to improve our margins and to improve the business overall and as well as having a portfolio now which has very scalable global businesses. So we are making a lot of progress in that area. We have very strong sales heads in Ratings, in our Indices business. We have a person named Will Pappas, who's leading the sales and commercial organization in Market Intelligence. And then, in Platts, we also have a new person who's just joining us to run that organization.
Doug L. Peterson: Well, as we've always said, and Chip just said before, we don't necessarily target our competitor in that sense. We want to ensure that we have the best business that we run that's compliant as well as providing excellent service to the markets. We have continued to invest in technology. If I were going to say there's any major area that we want to have at a very high quality level, it's going to be on technology. It's giving us the ability to have better work flow tools. It also gives us an opportunity to simplify the way we work and at the same time improve controls across the organization. So I think you'll see, over time, it's our goal and our target to have a steady progress on improvement in our margins, but also in a way that we run the business with the right kind of approach to customers and control.
Doug L. Peterson: Just a couple of headlines on that. In my remarks, I referenced that we have seen a difficult environment because there have been a lot of restructurings. There are a set of companies, which have defaulted or are going through restructurings. We expect over time there could be some challenges towards the end of the year on some of the renewals coming up. So we're very aware that we're not in an environment that's a robust high-growth, high-investment environment in the oil and petroleum industry overall. As Jack mentioned, one of the reasons that our earnings were so robust is because of our trading, our transactions services business in that area. So Platts has been a fantastic growth business for us. We like the business. We continue to invest in it aggressively. But we're also looking very cautiously at what kind of trends we're going to see in the industry overall. Just as an unrelated information, in the defaults, from the information from the Ratings business, there's been 67 defaults so far this year of which most of those – there were 16 of those were in the oil and gas industry, and there nine were from metals, mining and steel industry. So it's been a large number of those – the defaulters have been in that industry, something that we also watch carefully to see any kind of correlation across our businesses that we can use to pick up for our forecasting.
Doug L. Peterson: And that's going to include the AUM associated with ETFs. That's going to include the AUM associated with mutual funds. And it also includes – we've got some steady contracts, if you will, that are associated with over-the-counter derivatives that are not based on volatility, if you will, but are set for a year, if you will, and that's very steady business...
Doug L. Peterson: Bill, I want to just correct something. I said 67 defaults; there's actually 51 defaults so far this year. Sorry, just wanted to give you the right ...
Doug L. Peterson: No. So the notion that people want to buy from five different sources doesn't really make a lot of sense to us. What we really see exactly is opposite, is that purchasers like the simplicity of being able to purchase from as few vendors if possible. So, yeah, we don't see that.
Doug L. Peterson: Yeah. On the first one – I'm going to answer the second part of your question first, the ECB. We've seen that the ECB's approach to being able to purchase very large portions of new bond issuance, we expect that that could have some positive impact on issuance. At the same time, there's – the ECB also have some liquidity programs it's providing to banks that make it actually attractive for them to keep assets on their balance sheet so there might be some increase in loan activity. We're not quite sure where all of these different initiatives are going to land, but we have seen corporate investment grade issuance in Europe. Even though it was weak, it seems to be picking up a little bit. So we expect there could be some pick up there. When it comes to Rating Evaluation Services, Rating Evaluation Services is more linked to activity of IPOs, companies that are going to be going to the market for the first time and want to have a benchmark or some sort of an ability to know how they rate. We also see Rating Evaluation Services that are done for M&A transactions. So what drives Rating Evaluation Services is not necessarily issuance, it's much more related to IPOs, to M&A activity. Those are the links that are more important on that. And as you know, during the quarter, both IPOs and M&A, there were some big M&A headline deals, but there was not as much smaller M&A deals. And in addition to that, the IPO activity was very, very weak. So some of those correlation factors were weak. So we watch RES, it's a business for us that we actually use sometimes as a leading indicator for M&A activity itself.
Doug L. Peterson: Yeah. We're back in the CMBS market. We're working with the marketplace. We have not done any issuance so far, we have not rated any deals, but we are working closely to understand the dynamics of that marketplace and get our name back out there.
Doug L. Peterson: First of all, I mean, let's take a step back, why are we selling those businesses? They're nice sticky businesses. They are not – I wouldn't classify it as high growth, but I would say solid growth, very sticky, good margins. But at the end of the day, they are not something that was a core focus in terms of investment, in terms of growth. So given their size, we thought it was prudent to really focus Market Intelligence going forward, particularly with the SNL transaction. But there was – we had more than enough things to work on where we had larger, more strategic scale positions. So that was sort of the logic of it. They are – in total, on an annualized basis, they're roughly $100 million in revenue. So that's why in terms of the – depending on the timing of the close, we'll see what the impact is to 2016. And we're just working through the final closing conditions and regulatory approvals and that's why we do anticipate a close with it later in the year.
Doug L. Peterson: Are you talking about the $140 million cost reduction program? Gary Wei - Susquehanna International Group, LLP (SIG) Yes, yes.
Doug L. Peterson: That is a key question on which we are asking ourselves as we go into our – as our three-year strategic planning. But, yeah, I think it's fair to say companies always have some ongoing productivity activities. Gary Wei - Susquehanna International Group, LLP (SIG) Great. Thank you so much.
Doug L. Peterson: Not of this nature, I don't think, Doug. I think it – we didn't have any restructuring charges in the quarter. Going forward, I think, there's likely to be some restructuring activity from time-to-time. I would say this issue is a little bit more specific, and the reason why the number was as high as it was, part of it, about half of it, kind of relates to an acquisition that was done several years ago. So part of that technology and tangible was put up at the time of the acquisition, and the other half related to ongoing software development since that point. And so that's why it was a little bit larger than normal for us. But I don't – at this point in time, I don't anticipate an ongoing stream of these sort of – we don't capitalize that much as it relates to software development in general. So I think the magnitude here, it will be fairly modest as we look forward.
Doug L. Peterson: Great. Okay, thank you, everyone. We appreciate that all of you joined the call. We are pleased that we were able to start the year with a very solid quarter, especially with the progress on the integration with SNL, and we're also very excited about being able to launch the company as S&P Global starting on Thursday morning. So thank you again for your support, and we look forward to talking to you again soon. Thank you.
