Douglas Peterson: Thank you, Chris. We've updated our outlook reflecting our economists' view of the most important economic and market factors that will impact 2024 as well as the outperformance against our internal estimates during the first quarter.   Our financial guidance assumes global GDP growth of 3.2%, U.S. inflation of 2.8% and an average price for Brent crude of $85 per barrel. All three of these figures are slightly higher than we originally assumed in our outlook in February. Additionally, our original macroeconomic view included the base case assumption for 3 rate cuts by the U.S. Fed, beginning no earlier than June. As we've seen over the last 3 months, market expectations around interest rates have shifted. And while our economists have not formally updated the number of rate cuts in their base case scenario, our financial guidance now assumes fewer than 3 rate cuts in 2024.   We're increasing our billed issuance forecast for 2024 by approximately 3 percentage points to a range of 6% to 10%. As we noted last quarter, our initial outlook for 2024 assumed a stronger first half of the year for issuance. Even with that assumption, the first quarter outperformed our expectations, though we believe much of that outperformance is pull-forward as issuers look to take advantage of very favorable market conditions. All of these factors impact our new full year guidance calling for higher growth and stronger margins.   This slide illustrates our current guidance or GAAP results. For our adjusted guidance, we're now expecting revenue growth in the range of 6% to 8%, reflecting the outperformance in Ratings and Indices in the first quarter, partially offset by slightly softer expectations for issuance in the second half of the year. Excluding the impact of 2023 divestitures, we expect revenue growth to be slightly more than 1 percentage point higher than reported revenue growth.  We also now expect to deliver stronger margins in 2024 with margin expansion in the range of 100 to 150 basis points compared to our prior guidance of approximately 100 basis points. We're taking a balanced approach to reinvesting for future growth while still expanding margins and remain on track to achieve the Investor Day targets from 2022.   We now expect to deliver adjusted EPS for the full year in the range of $13.85 to $14.10, which represents 11% growth at the midpoint. This represents a $0.10 increase from our prior range driven by the increased revenue and profitability outlook for the year. We're also increasing our outlook for adjusted free cash flow, excluding certain items, by $100 million despite modestly higher expected CapEx. Higher expected net income and disciplined management of working capital both contribute to the higher expected cash flow for the year.   Moving to our division outlook. We're reiterating our revenue growth expectations for Market Intelligence, Commodity Insights and Mobility. And we're increasing the growth outlook for Ratings and Indices based on the strength in the first quarter. We're also raising the margin outlook for Indices to reflect the very strong performance year-to-date. While margins were also very strong in our Ratings division in the first quarter, we're reiterating the range for full year margins, which implies approximately 150 basis points of margin expansion at the midpoint.   Since much of the revenue outperformance in Q1 likely came from pull-forward, our full year guidance assumes year-over-year declines in Ratings transaction revenue in the fourth quarter as we begin to lap much stronger comps from last year. As a result, we expect margins to be softer in the back half of the year than in the first half in Ratings.   With that, I'd like to invite Adam Kansler, President of S&P Global Market Intelligence; and Martina Cheung, President of S&P Global Ratings and Executive Lead for Sustainable1, to join us.  I'll turn the call back over to Mark for your questions. Thank you. 
Douglas Peterson: Thank you, Alex. Well, as you know, we run the company with an approach to budgeting and management, where we always start the year with a positive jaw. That's just our philosophy. We look and see how we're going to do in our core businesses. We go out to see our customers. We understand what we can build as a forward-looking pipeline, forward-looking expectations for the market. We then ourselves say, "What would be the expense level that we want to have to support that growth?" On top of that, we then come back and say, "How much can we afford to invest?" As you saw in this quarter, our expenses grew 3%. That's a result of very, very strong execution coming out of 2023. We're ensuring that we can have very clear tracking of all of our expenses. It's just part of our philosophy of how we run the company.  Going forward for the rest of the year, you see that we're going to continue that approach. But we think that this is part of the way we manage the company. We're always looking at being very tight on understanding our revenue sources and then moving forward to have a tight approach to our expenses. Thanks, Alex. 
Douglas Peterson: Thanks, Scott. Let me start, and then I'm going to hand it over to Adam. When it comes to our tracking of the revenue synergies, it's something that we look at every quarter. We look at them. We actually looked at it with our Executive Committee earlier this week. We have a combination of cross-sell as well as new products.  We've been quite successful with cross-sell. It's been our -- the most important aspect of what we've been doing. As you know, we have a target of $350 million into the '25, '26. And we're already running ahead of our expectations for that, especially because of cross-sell.  When it comes to new products, we've been successful with many right out of the box with Indices with, for example, fixed income indices, we have a fixed income VIX that we've come up with. We have a set of fixed income products that we built around ESG. We've also had multi-asset class products.  But I think in Market Intelligence, we've also seen a lot of really, really strong synergies. So let me ask Adam to supplement the answer. Thank you. 
Douglas Peterson: Okay. Great. Well, first of all, we've been out seeing our customers, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. We've been out seeing customers everywhere we can. We've been around the globe. I myself have been traveling extensively this year seeing customers. As you know, in the financial services market, there's been a little bit of a slowdown in sales cycles. We've talked about that in the past, which we've seen it just takes a little bit longer to close some transactions. You've heard about that from us before.  In the Mobility business, there is a massive transformation taking place in the entire industry. If you think about it, you see that there's this electric vehicle transformation that's taking place. And what we've seen is that for -- whether you're an OEM, you're a supplier, you're a dealer, you need data and analytics to understand what is happening in the market. And we provide that no matter what the sales cycle is, no matter what's happening in the industry.  In addition to that, we're providing new products for dealers, for OEMs, for them to be able to make much more informed decisions. So as you've seen, the amount of EVs have started to stack up in ports and on dealers' lots. It's something that we can provide them much more information. The manufacturers can use that information to make decisions about how they're going to look at incentives going forward.  So it's a very close dialogue, very good relationship with all sets of clients in every industry around the globe. And we're able to pivot very quickly to provide them the kind of data and analytics they need to make decisions. Thanks, Shlomo. 
Douglas Peterson: Thank you, Craig. As you know, when we've been looking at our artificial intelligence road map, it's something that we've been very explicit about going back many, many years. This isn't something new for us. It started with our acquisition of Kensho 6 years ago. We since then have come up with a very structured approach to AI, which starts with a vision and a strategy.  We've recently set in place a leadership team that's led by Chief Digital Solutions Officer and a Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer for the entire organization. We have governance over that, and the governance includes looking very cautiously and carefully at budget.  We've already been absorbing AI expenses in our budget for the last 6 years. We're very conscious that rolling out an AI program is not inexpensive. It requires us to have that kind of discipline. And we're also tracking our successes. And we've had a lot of successes when it comes to new products, which we're starting getting -- we're getting ready to roll out. We're looking at how we can have more productivity. We hope that, over time, the productivity can be returned partially through margin but also be using as a way to reinvest in innovation and growth.  So overall, I think the message you should take is that we have a very structured approach to AI. It's an open ecosystem. We can take advantage of all of the AI developments happening anywhere with any large language models coming out from anybody. And we're also protecting our data in a way that we can ensure that our intellectual property is not being used by others to build great AI products, that we're going to do that ourselves.  So overall, we're very pleased with our progress so far, and we really appreciate -- we'll continue to bring you a lot of our progress over time. So thanks, Craig. Thanks for that. 
Douglas Peterson: Yes. Thank you for that, Russell. When you look at Commodity Insights, we've continued to advance incredibly well. We've had -- this is one of the home runs when it comes to the integration of the ENR business and the Platts business. We very quickly been able to bring together products like Price Assessments. Cross-sell has been strong if you think about being able to sell in ENR products to Platts clients as well as selling Platts clients to ENR clients. So that was, right out of the gate, a very strong approach.  But we've also seen a demand -- high demand for energy transition, and we're at the sweet spot of energy transition. This relates to products like oil and gas, what are all of the different substitutes. It's also carbon intensity of oil and gas products. It goes into renewables, looking at what's happening with the renewable space. We also have a whole set of new clean energy and alternative energy products and services.  As you know, we've been launching an additional set of products related to metals and mining as well as ag. So across the board, we've seen very strong results. We also had a strong quarter for CERAWeek, which is CERAWeek is a conference that took place in Houston a few weeks ago. It's the place to be for anybody that wants to understand what's happening in the energy space. So across the board, it's just been very, very strong this year.  We do expect that later in the year, we're going to have tougher comps. So we looked at that very carefully as we were setting our guidance. Last year, our third and fourth quarter, especially our fourth quarter, was quite strong. So we do get towards the end of the year when we do have a tougher comp.  But overall, the Commodity Insights business is doing incredibly well. It's a broad-based business. And then something like what you mentioned, Platts Connect has been one of the examples of a really early win and something that we're very pleased with. And you'll see more coming from Platts Connect over the next few quarters. Thanks, Russell. Thanks for the question. 
Douglas Peterson: Thanks, Owen. Yes, we think that, that volatility is something that helps drive more people to try to understand what's happening in the markets. But as we've seen over time, the volatility doesn't seem to go away. There's always something else that comes up to create interest in the area.  We do think that there are some very important long-term secular trends related to the business, which are energy transition I mentioned earlier. Energy transition is a topic that is on everybody's minds, especially when you go outside of the United States. I've been traveling this year, and I can't have a conversation anywhere I go without having a discussion about energy transition.  And what are -- not just the impacts that we see that benefit the Commodity Insights business, but also those that benefit businesses like the Ratings business and Market Intelligence, because those are moving also over into how do you finance energy transition question as well, which crosses into our other divisions.  Finally, with Commodity Insights, you can recall that this business is principally a subscription-based business. And so we can see over time the subscription flow, where we're seeing the growth coming from, the new customers coming into the portfolio.  There's something that I say all the time that every single company is an energy company. It doesn't matter what you do, you're an energy company. And so we also see an expanding set of new clients that aren't necessary traditional energy companies that are needing the solutions we have so they can manage their own energy footprint. So Owen, thank you very much for that, and I think you were the last call.  So let me give a couple of closing remarks. I really want to thank everyone today for being on this call and for your excellent questions as usual. This was a great quarter, and we're really pleased with the results. And we think this validates our strategy, but it also showcases our execution.  As I mentioned, I've been very busy traveling around the world this year, speaking with customers across all of our businesses and from every industry. And in those meetings, we're hearing that the themes that we have, that we have the strength in this franchise are those that the customers need going forward. And that includes things like energy transition and private markets and supply chain and credit and risk. But it also includes artificial intelligence, and I'm pleased that we've been able to roll out in our road map many, many new capabilities and products and services to protect our IP, but also to take a leadership position in AI.  I want to thank Martina and Adam for providing their perspectives today on this call. And I also want to thank our people across the company as usual for a fantastic quarter. And again, thank all of you for joining the call today, and hope you have a great day. Thank you very much. 
Adam Kansler: Toni, it's Adam. Thank you for the question. So yes, we're seeing many of the things that others are seeing in our markets, particularly for our financial services customers. We're seeing that particularly in the smallest of those customers, and that's probably comparable to what some others are seeing. But for us, that's really where the concentrations are.  The specific consolidation that you're talking about, in terms of the overall scale of our division, it's not something that impacts us in a material way. That -- some of that has already been absorbed. Some will continue to come. But all of that has been anticipated by us in the guidance and the view that we've given you forward.  We do view what's going on in the market today as very much a cyclical headwind. But the secular tailwinds that we see in our businesses, particularly in our core areas of focus, like private markets, the expansion of our Desktop, you see some of the improvements in the investment we've made over the last 2 years. That gives us a lot of confidence in achieving our long-term goals and the continued growth of the business, confidence in what we've explained we expect to do for the current year, and in delivering against the longer-range Investor Day targets that we set out in 2022. 
Adam Kansler: Okay. Thanks, Manav, and thank you for the question. Let me just start with the last piece, Visible Alpha. We do expect that transaction to close here in the second quarter. We're quite excited about it. I think it's an important part of one of our strategic areas, which is the continued expansion and improvement in quality of the Cap IQ Pro set of solutions that we offer to the market.  As we highlighted, I think really as far back as Investor Day, we have a few core areas of focus that we do think we'll continue to grow. And that really shapes our strategic focus. Those are in areas like private markets, sustainability of the supply chain, the expansion of our Desktop, the ability to deliver our data and solutions to customers in as easy a way as possible. These are things that our largest customers are looking for as they go through consolidations of vendors. That's where the scale and breadth of services that we're able to offer, through Market Intelligence, and of course across the broader S&P Global enterprise, really has impact.  We'll be laser-focused on that strategy. And as you've seen when we announced at our last call, we'll look at those businesses where we see underperformance or lack of strategic fit, and we'll make decisions on those. And where we see opportunities to acquire unique assets that are high-growth or have particular proprietary value, a company like Visible Alpha, the one you mentioned, quite excited to get that integrated, we're going to take advantage of our position and our opportunity to bring them into the business. So thanks again, Manav. 
Adam Kansler: Thanks, Ashish, for the question. So we watch our recurring revenue growth very carefully in this quarter, more than 7% growth in our recurring revenue. Some of that comes from volumes in our businesses that are affected by capital markets volumes. Over the years, we've sought to actually temper that a bit using more fixed contracts. Our customers in most of those markets prefer it. And for us, it adds a little bit more stability and regular growth to the business.  Quarter-to-quarter, we'll see some variation in those numbers, but we do expect our recurring revenue, our subscription revenue, to continue to grow in line with our full year guidance for the division. Thanks again. 
Adam Kansler: Thanks, Doug, and thanks, Scott. It's Adam. We're very excited about our synergy progress. We've got 15 more new products that will come to market in 2024. The combination of businesses, the strength that we have in the marketplace, the receptivity of our customers to what a combined offering can do, that's all been a tremendous uplift, and I think it's given us the path to achieve the revenue synergy targets that we outlined.  I think what's most exciting for me and most exciting for our customers are the new products, right, where we're able to integrate new data sets into workflow solutions or give customers in private markets the ability to immediately look at public company comparables, the ability to put our fixed income capabilities into our Desktop. These are all things that roll out over the course of 2024.  As Doug mentioned, the cross-sell has given us such early wind in our sails to achieve the synergy targets we set out. As we start to roll out new products into the back half of this year, we're even more excited about what that will look like as we exit the year. 
Adam Kansler: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Appreciate the question. We do have a number of unique solutions and a pretty diversified set of solutions to the marketplace. So you do see dislocations in the market or volatility affecting parts of our business differently than other parts of the business. You mentioned some of our capital markets platforms.  Obviously, in the last quarter, those saw quite a lot of resilience. We saw very strong markets, particularly in credit and debt markets. Equity markets, I think, are still a little bit slower to recover, and we'll see what happens through the balance of the year.  Some of our unique offerings really are around alternative assets in the loan marketplace, in private markets. These are places where our workflow solutions, our valuations capability, reference data, we saw that across the firm in other divisions as well. Those are areas that continue to build and areas where we see large secular growth. Those are somewhat unique offerings for us, given our market position in some of those businesses.  Across our data and reference data, pricing, valuations, those are in pretty steady demand. So they're less subject to the activity in the marketplace quarter-to-quarter. And that's where we see some of the stability and the general growth.  What's really unique about the S&P Global offering is the scale and breadth that we can deliver to a customer. It's really being able to service them across the portfolio, from discovery and research for an investment, to processing the investment, monitoring it, valuing it, keeping it in a workflow tool. That set of solutions and the efficiencies we can drive through it, I think that's the biggest part of our value proposition. And particularly our larger customers, as they look to consolidate relationships, that gives us a bit of an advantage there. Thanks again for the question, Jeff. 
Martina Cheung: Heather, it's Martina. Thanks very much for the question. So we look at a variety of factors to give us a good sense for the issuance pipeline in the immediate time frame. Typically, we would look at 180-day pipelines, for example, as well as more near term, but also throughout as much as we can, next 9 to 12 months.  Those factors, macro factors, GDP, inflation rates, geopolitical factors, which of course is something we're paying very close attention to this year. But we also look, as we've mentioned in the past, obviously, at maturity walls, the pace of refinancing as well as growth and investor interest in different asset classes such as private markets, sustainable finance, structured finance, infrastructure, et cetera.  So the -- those factors give us a very good sense at any point in time for where we are with respect to the year. If you look at what we saw in Q1 of this year in terms of billed issuance, we saw a very high volume of refinancing of maturity walls in high-yield and bank loans. About 2/3 overall the issuance activity that we saw was related to refinancing. That was a combination of heavy refinancing of '24, but we also saw some '25 and '26 refinancing in the quarter as well.  So that's really the key area of outperformance from an issuance standpoint in Q1. And we would expect that refinancing activity to continue in bank loan and high-yield through the second quarter and then taper off a little bit, largely because we've been hearing consistently, even since before our last call, that high-yield and bank loan issuers as well as to some extent investment-grade issuers, are wanting to really get ahead of any volatility you see in the back half of the year and take advantage of the relative market stability and favorable spreads that we're seeing at this time.  Now in investment grade, a very strong quarter, but we think a lot of that investment-grade issuance is pulled forward from the second half of the year. There were a handful of several large M&A deals there as well, but not enough volume for us to really change our view for investment-grade issuance for the rest of the year. So I hope that helps. And happy to take any more questions on issuance. 
Martina Cheung: Thanks for the question. Well, as you know, we've said numerous times in the past, we're solving for long-term sustainable margin in the Ratings business. And we are a very disciplined stewards of capital in the business. So our guidance for the year, which we reiterated at 57.5% to 58.5%, as Doug said in his remarks, at the midpoint represents about 150 basis points of margin expansion year-over-year.  We can do a lot with the base that we have. So the reason why I say that is because we have this incredible blockbuster quarter from an issuance standpoint without having to add tremendous amounts of additional staff to meet that need. And that is really, I think, a reinforcement of the capacity preservation strategy that we initiated a couple of years ago.  So we're very pleased with how we're operating from an expense management, capacity management standpoint and very comfortable with the margin range that we have right now as we -- as it relates to the full year. 
Martina Cheung: Andrew, thanks very much for the question. I would say a couple of things. So the context on a lot of my commentary on intra-year, I would say I'd lean more on the investment-grade side where we think we saw a 2H pull-forward. I think we did see pull-forward of '25 and '26 maturities, for example, on the refinancing front for high-yield and bank loans. So a little bit of a mix there between the spec-grade asset class and investment-grade asset class.  I think to your broader point, yes, we are and continue to be in midst of a recovery. Notwithstanding the very steep growth rates for example in high yield and investment grade, we're still not seeing the issuance volumes back to anything close to what we might have characterized as market highs, for example in the past, or even market averages that we might have seen in the past. So there's still room to go here throughout the next several years. This is something that we've commented on since '22, believing that it was going to take some years to come back to it.  But of course, the maturity walls themselves are quite a large factor here. And on the spec-grade asset classes, high-yield and BLR, jointly, we've got about $1.1 trillion in maturities still outstanding for us in '25 and '26. So we're monitoring very, very closely and tightly the indicators that would give us a sense for the pace and timing of those maturities. 
Martina Cheung: Jeff, it's Martina. Thanks for the question. So to your point, billed issuance was up 45%. But transaction revenue, which is the revenue portion or revenue category that is most closely correlated to billed issuance, was up 54%. So we grew faster than billed issuance in the quarter. Overall revenue growth of 29% represented both the transaction revenue growth of 54% and the non-transaction revenue growth of 8%. So really just the evening out of the performance across those to get to the 29% growth.  Perhaps I will just comment briefly on the non-transaction growth drivers. We were quite pleased with the performance in the quarter. We had continued strength in RES with a lot of companies looking for scenarios around their capital stacks. We saw some new ICR issuance in the quarter and had strong performance on the surveillance book and fee programs. Thanks for the question. 
