Doug Peterson: Yes, good morning. Thanks, Ashley. So as we were looking at the sale of J.D. Power and then how we were going to manage the company, it was clear that one of the largest opportunities for the Platts business is in the data and analytics space where we've made recent acquisitions and see a lot of opportunity for growth in that area. So by putting these businesses working together between Market Intelligence and having them both report to Mike Chinn, we feel there is opportunities for us there. We do, we will send out further information in the next couple of weeks about how these -- how this segment is going to look when we put these businesses together, but we will be targeting blended margin that's in the high 30s range.
Doug Peterson: Well you should consider that we have a disciplined approach to our capital allocation, which starts with investing in our businesses in organic growth. We are obviously going through our year-end review and our 2017 to 2018 strategic planning process where we're evaluating ways that we can invest in the business. So investing in organic growth, which could be expansion of regional areas of new products, of technology investments, et cetera is very important for us. Following that obviously would be ways that we can accelerate growth or expand into new regions or new capabilities through M&A. Then obviously finally come our approach to dividends and share repurchase. But when it comes to your question around M&A, we would be looking at many ideas and many options coming in, tuck-ins could be attractive for us, but it's something that we would do business by business, opportunity by opportunity, look at them separately as they arise. We have seen, as you know, tuck-in acquisitions have been a way for us to grow our portfolio of products in Platts. It's given us opportunities with different areas and services in Market Intelligence. Last quarter we had purchased a very small rating agency in Thailand S&P Global Ratings area. So we would continue to look selectively at areas but they need to -- we need to ensure that they also meet our parameters for growth and return.
Doug Peterson: Okay, thanks. I didn't understand that. Yes, so when we look at areas that we have the largest opportunities in this company, we try to find areas where there are still large needs in the markets or areas that are unfulfilled and there is we see that the customers have made an avalanche of data, they need to make somehow they can make decisions around it. One of the areas that is a very fragmented business and there is high growth that relates to data and analytics are on the energy markets and SNL has a small energy business and Platts obviously is a very large energy business and we wanted to accelerate the integration of those two businesses. But more importantly take advantage of the expertise that we have in the Market Intelligence data machine and how they can work together with platform building out that data analytics business. So this was not something that I really felt we should wait. I felt that wasn't something we should wait for a couple of years for that we needed to move now but opportunities are going to start cropping up and we wanted to be positioned to take advantage of it as quickly as possible.
Doug Peterson: Yes, that was one of the areas that we had a little bit of a flat growth. It was on the subscription side. Rating evaluation service was not growing during the quarter that was -- that was one of the areas in addition to the how we're managing the business now looking at the way that we manage our contracts. So non-transaction business was flat at $343 million during the quarter. It usually grows around 3% to 4% over time but as you can see, it was offset by transaction revenue growth of $55 million from $244 million to $299 million. So there was a very robust growth in the transaction side. But we do continue to value highly this non-transaction side but the main factor was related to lower rating evaluation services fees.
Doug Peterson: It was -- it was a very minor repurchase of data, the external data, it was one of the very small factors. But the main factor which drove the drop in the margin was the lower volumes of exchange traded derivatives on the CPOE and with CME the VIX and S&P 500 E-mini that was where the main factor was that drove the margin difference. We also put in place a third data, a backup center for to run our data center. So there was a small investment in data and operations that we think provides us with a more stable market approach. We want to get that redundancy in how we run our operations. So it's really a combination of a couple of things that rose, expenses rose, but these were kind of step functions none of these are going to have -- the cost isn't something it's going to be increasing going forward, it was a one-time approach.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So there is obviously a few components to the revenue. One of them we just mentioned has been very strong in the last few quarters here and which is the volatility aspect of our revenue, which relates to the exchange traded derivative trading volume that goes through. So there is that aspect to it. There is another aspect is, which is the core businesses that relate to AUM growth and AUM growth, which could be a combination of the fees that we get for the actual underlying components of a fund or an ETF or the actual growth in AUMs over time. So that's, that's a very important factor for us. And then we have our data feeds and data business. Generally, we're seeing growth in all of those. I think that the drop of the exchange traded derivative income is what impacted this quarter and also had very positively impacted the third quarter last year. So that's a little bit about that, about the -- that what you see there in the difference between last year and this year. But let me just give you a couple of data points about the growth in the AUM. So if I go way back I go back almost five, six years ago. If you go back into the end of 2013 there was a -- the overall AUMs was only $585 billion. It's now $914 billion as of the end of this quarter. And through that time there's been a combination of factors that have driven that growth. One is the increase in market value. So as the market themselves and the indices themselves go up that is a positive for our revenue. And the other is flows into the funds and you saw that last week in The Wall Street Journal, there was a series, the entire week about the shifting needs of investors and the changes in the investment management industry, which have been benefiting -- have been benefiting firms like ours that are in the passive index field. So we're not giving you any specific projections today. We will provide guidance for 2017 at our next earnings call, but we do continue to see the trend for this industry to be very positive.
Doug Peterson: I'm going to start and then hand it over to Rob. From the point of view of the factors you actually gave most of the factors which were included in our calculation or understanding of our guidance, which has to do with what could be a very difficult environment. On the one hand, we've seen a very strong third quarter in issuance. It was almost unprecedented the strength that we saw after the Brexit. And we do project based off of the M&A pipeline and what we see for being some pull forward of issuance. And what we see looking at the investment banking calendar and the debt capital markets of depth of the big banks. We do see a strong issuance in the fourth quarter. On the other hand, as you saw with the Brexit that happened last quarter, this could turn on a dime. You could see there is still lot of volatility, there is still lot of factors, which we are very cautious about, you've got the interest rate discussions in the United States, you still have Brexit, you have the elections in United States, which have been quite volatile. So there is still a lot of factors out there that are impacting our external view and that external view has been driving our approach to where we ended up with guidance, but let me hand it over to Rob.
Doug Peterson: Alex, I will point out one other thing, if you look at the last two years, you can see the first quarter and fourth quarter both in 2014 and 2015 were considerably lower on EPS than our second and third quarters. So it's kind of a consistent pattern that you see each year. I can't guarantee it's going to repeat but at least that we see in the past.
Doug Peterson: So this is, this is a question about for us what we looked at was partially your question and then beyond that was what are the needs of customers and where do we see the opportunities for further penetration of data and analytics services with different types of client basis. And then going into the backend behind that, how do you run those to be able to deliver the fastest, the best way, and take advantage of our expertise across the company. So within the segment, obviously you're going to have the must-have products of SNL, you've got the must have products of things like CUSIP, in our risk services area, we have products which have become very important for risk management tools that we see as people are doing CCAR modeling and liquidity planning and living well, so there is an advantage to having all of those types of products together. In addition, then you got the Platts part of the business. So you've got a combination. I don't know the numbers off the top of my head that would be better if we talked about that after we put together the new segment information and we send it out. But there is a lot of must have data in there. And then remember that the traditional Cap IQ and SNL desktops have been growing very well. They're growing in somewhere in the high-single digit level for the Cap IQ desktop and over double-digits for the SNL. So even though they might have some sort of discretionary component to them they're still growing at a very good clip and in many cases substituting for other products which might be similar that are much more expensive.
Doug Peterson: Well, if we take a look at the margin in ratings in September 2015 it was about 48% and we improved to 51.3% this quarter. Every quarter for the last year we've been -- we've been driving towards improvement. Last quarter, at the end of June, we had a 54.1% margin. As you've heard us say before, our goal was to remove all of the first areas of things like legal expense of ensuring that we had the right approach to managing our business when it came to compliance and control, embedding new technology tools to have more automation. We have a project going on right now called project simplify, which has the benefits of better control, of better workflow, and eventually it will also bring lower cost with it as well, as you have more streamlined operation. So think about our approach towards margin is continuous improvement. We will keep striving to improve our margins. I'm not going to give you a target necessarily today, but we do have a commitment to strive to keep improving our margin and that would come with a combination of better penetration into the markets where sales force through looking at how we can manage our contracts and our mix on pricing as well as discounting policies. And then on the cost side, through projects like simplify and other ways to manage the business more efficiently and more effectively. So you can see over the last few years, we have had a continuous improvement in our margins, and that's a commitment that we still have.
Doug Peterson: Yes, we had given you a number and I believe it was at the beginning of the year, it was may be updated which was originally $70 million. We then increased it to a $100 million with a approach where we gave guidance as said that we get approximately half of the $70 million, which was the cost side during this year. We will update you on that, on how we are against those targets at our next call.
Doug Peterson: I can't give you -- your question -- can you -- your revenue was how much revenue do we get from where. It can range from 5% to 10% of raised revenue ballpark.
Doug Peterson: No, nothing to highlight there, we continue to see a very good penetration, a good acceptance to the market in that area, so nothing that I'd highlight at this time.
Doug Peterson: So during the last quarter, there were 13 CMBS deals of which we were engaged on two of them. So that was a beginning to maybe I could say get our toe in the water. We do continue to rate a large number of the single issuer CMBS transactions. And so we are back engaged in the market, we are engaging with investors and with issuers and continue to be out there showing what we can do. So let's -- let's hope that we keep getting more deals.
Doug Peterson: What we talked about user growth that is coming directly from users. Some of the uptick is also coming from pricing. As you might know, we have an approach towards pricing which is more of an enterprise model. We have decided to work with the sales force where we've merged the sales forces of the old SNL and the old Cap IQ businesses and what we're doing right now is working on an approach to highlight selectively enterprise-wide pricing for Cap IQ and you seen a little bit of it but we're actually rolling it out and phasing it out in 2017. So up until now, what we've seen continues to be mostly based on our prior approach to sales of the two products that with their own sales forces. But more to come on that and this will be another area we will provide more information on it in the next quarter call.
Doug Peterson: It's possible with our new CFO starting and going to the planning process into next year that's possible.
Doug Peterson: What's most important for us is that we are -- we are re-engaging with the market in an approach towards commercial relationships and relationship management that allows us to have individualized discussions with our customers about the most effective way for them to tap the market, it allows us to show the benefits of having a rating. How much you people save by having a rating on their issuance costs and because of that we can have a new dialogue about our contract valuation. So it's hard for me to answer your question in a broad way because net-net, most of our discussions with our customers are one-offs, they're individual. But we are trying to approach the market in a way to get better contract realization overall but it's -- but it's again, it's a relationship management approach professional sales really market by market, customer by customer.
Doug Peterson: Craig, we never signal future pricing. We're happy to talk what we've done in the past which you're exactly right. Historically, we're kind of down about 3% to 4% across the businesses per year but we never want to signal future pricing.
Doug Peterson: Well there we see that this is going to be an important topic in the industry. It's a complicated topic, because most of the pressure, well a lot of pressure is coming at the higher end, full service active management funds that seems to be where lot of pressure is starting and some of that is going into the lower cost mutual funds in ETF providers. One of the things that you saw in the last quarter was that BlackRock cut some of it, its ETF pricing. And that one directly could have a small impact on our business because of the way that our pricing is embedded into those -- into those that fee structure at BlackRock. The flip side is if this leads to higher AUM fees, higher AUM, we could actually benefit from this, if the AUMs go up, and we see much higher volume but this is something that we're watching very carefully. But it is something for the industry to see what will be the evolution of the structure. We believe that our costs generally are very low part of the total cost of managing an ETF or managing a fund. But we are aware that this is an important issue for our customers and we're listening to them and hoping that we can be a part of the solution as they look at how they're going to manage their fee structure.
Doug Peterson: I don't know for sure if they will be an allowance to really improve our growth dramatically but what we're targeting with the data and analytics business is to find a new source of growth for the business. So think about it in that sense. We think it's an area that it's fragmented. There are a lot of different players out there, we have the right and we have the opportunity to start bringing in new services, new products. So we look at it as a source of growth, we look at it as source of new area which we already have a good grounding in. And you're right to point out that it is a difficult environment in the oil patch. There are prices are down, if you look at some of the major oil industry clients, their revenues are down by 50% over the last few years. And so they, there is obviously pressure coming from the customer side but we're looking at, if you want to think of it in two ways the diversification of our expertise into some other product areas. And also we hope and believe it could be a source of additional growth.
Doug Peterson: Yes. So the data feeds business, we talk about the CapEx you desktop being roughly a $400 million business, but the enterprise feed is another about a $400 million business, a lot of it does same data only sold to uses really their computers, to back offices, someone does wasn't to key in the stock prices at the end of everyday to value the portfolio. So our mainframe feeds their mainframe. So but yes that's been a, it's historically been part of Cap IQ, as we've evolved the name of that segment over time but that's the relative size and it's kind of been a decent grower nothing extraordinary for us over that timeframe.
Doug Peterson: Yes, I would say that looking at questions slightly from the total business point of view not just SNL Cap IQ the Market Intelligence business. We see that there are -- there is need for more and more Market Intelligence. And as we call it the Central Intelligence for different types of people to make decisions in various ways that require interpretation of market information. So think about all of our businesses that we have now are related to market activities, whether it's fixed income, its equities, its commodities, its loans. We are a business that has the data and the information around market activities and we provide the benchmarks, the pricing, the data tools et cetera. So that's the way we are thinking about our business and we're trying to drive it by going out into the world to see what's changing when it comes to do with our customer needs, with technology, with FinTech, with how we see the regulatory environment is evolving what's actually happening also in growth and political and economic factors, things like the Brexit. And so we take all of those external factors and then, hope that we can interpret them appropriately to grow our business because we're delivering the kinds of products, prices, benchmark data etcetera that's the customers actually need to run their businesses.
Doug Peterson: What I would like to say is that, take that as our first indication, but give us a couple of weeks to send out the more detailed information about the segments and how they, how it's going to be put together. We will provide more on that and I'd prefer to also discuss this after you've seen that information and then on our next call.
Doug Peterson: Today we're seeing a lot of different models that have started cropping up in this industry. But one of the areas which we believe helps our business a lot is that we hold the benchmark, most important global benchmarks the S&P 500, the Dow Jones entire complex of the S&P family of funds and family of indices gives us an important, important set of indices, which end up being part of almost any fund complex or investment complex that anybody ever have. So we think that there is kind of a -- because of the size and scale of what we have, we end up being part of that discussion no matter what angle you come from. We wouldn't be surprised though given the combination of the Department of Labor fiduciary ruling that came out and some other industry factors, low interest rates, and the low growth environment is another impact the shifting funds that are going into retirement and pensions, et cetera. We won't be surprised if there is a active dialogue that goes on from the industry about fee structures and things like that and we would like to be an active part of that.
Doug Peterson: Partially we have great respect for Factset and Bloomberg. They're great companies and they deliver high value themselves but we also compete with them sometimes head-to-head and sometimes there is substitute product that many times we're delivering to customers that don't even need or even have a Bloomberg or Factset. So there is a different sorts of customers that we delivered to and what our approach is to show the value of being able to harness the power of so much data and so much analytics in one desktop especially for people that don't need the trading capabilities, it's people that are analysts, risk managers, bankers, investment bankers, regulators, academics, et cetera that need the power of the data, don't necessarily need the instantaneous low latency information that might come with some of the other platforms but that's the way we sell it.
Doug Peterson: So first of all, let me make a couple of closing remarks. I want to thank Rob McKay for having been an absolutely fabulous partners as Interim CFO. He is our Controller, so he doesn't get off the hook, he still has to hang around and sign off on the book. And we're looking forward to welcoming Ewout Steenbergen to our Company in about a week and half and we're pleased that we were able to speak with all of you today. If you have further questions, please follow-up with Chip and we will provide more of some of the answers, which you asked. We will be able to answer, when we issue our information about the new segment and then we look forward to speaking with you again on our next earnings call. Thank you very much.
Rob MacKay: But clearly it took second place after the initial integration. So the number one priority for 2016 was getting SNL and Market Intelligence integration. And so this is, if you will kind of step two but perhaps it's done quicker than you might have thought.
Rob MacKay: Alex, your math is similar to ours, where there's about a nickel going away from what you'd expect because of the divestitures, offset by the ASR. But we did take the bottom up $0.10 and the top up $0.05. So we're heading now closer but yes the nickel going away for divestitures and we're cautiously optimistic of what's going to happen in the fourth quarter.
Rob MacKay: I apologize of creating confusion by talking about the 12% growth in use of the SNL. We're at the Doug's point. We don't charge on a per user basis to SNL. So it's necessarily direct correlation between user growth and revenue growth. But clearly they do charge based on usage and new users is a part of usage so that kind of feeds into that. And also on the early answer I gave on the 5% to 10% of ratings revenue from TRIS closer to 5%.
Rob MacKay: And Peter the only thing I would like to add is that, it is really nothing new. I mean this kind of pressure on fee structures has been going on for a number of years. Unfortunately the growth in AUM, as Doug said, earlier just 500 billion AUMs over 900 last few years it more than offset that kind of pressure.
