Terry McGraw: Okay. Thanks Bob and Don. Thank you. Just a couple of instructions for our phone participants (Operator Instructions) We’ll now take our first question.
Terry McGraw: Okay, the price increase is again depending upon whatever we are talking about, are all pretty moderate. If you are looking at it overall, it would be in the 3%, 4% range on that. In terms of the pleading standards and the liability standard that is part of the current senate bill, we are still hopeful that we get more clarification. We are not looking to change anything Peter, and we are certainly not saying that we shouldn’t have a liability standard. We just want a liability standard that’s consistent for all market participants and all of that. So when they talk about in the legislation “reasonable investigation” they just leave it at that point, and what it’s really doing is leading to the court, what constitutes a reasonable investigation. So all we are pushing for is be a little bit more forthcoming, and clarify the decision, but we think we have a good chance of getting that part done. If for whatever reason, the pleading standard for rating agencies was lower, it would impact us, because what we would do is, in terms of rating activity, we would probably not rate some smaller more speculative emerging companies, and that doesn’t do anybody any good, and it limits the capital formation process. So we are pushing hard for clarification on what a reasonable investigation is, and I think at the end of the day we’ll get that.
Terry McGraw: Yes, hi Bird. Yes, as we were saying, we are looking for some modest increases. Overall near a 6% or 7% revenue growth, and that would constitute some recovery in the open territories, which we saw in the first quarter on that one. So again, modest increases in the open territory, and because of Texas and Florida we see some increases there.
Terry McGraw: The incentive compensation was not a significant increase, so that’s why we did not talk about incentive compensation in terms of year-to-year change.
Terry McGraw: That’s correct. That’s right. We are expecting growth this year, but last year it was artificially higher, correct.
Terry McGraw: As in the first quarter, and what we project for the rest of the year and probably into 2011, we see a good high yield market, and the bank loan rating market being very solid as well. So both of those markets I think are going to be contributors all year on that one, as is the public finance market.
Terry McGraw: Good morning Brian. Pricing on the higher hand, again it differs a little bit by category, but overall about 4%. On the capital IQ side, its across the board, both in terms of the pre-trade and post-trade net aspects of the market, and we are looking for a functionality increased capabilities in terms of a number of portfolio management capabilities, both on the equity and the fixed income side, so it’s across the board.
Terry McGraw: Well, first of all you’ve got to have a very very steady and comprehensive organic growth component here. You are constantly working the customer needs and developing product there as well, and obviously being able to add certain data sets and as well as analytic capabilities as well. We like the organic side of this, but are also looking at a number of transactions that could also enhance a customers offering.
Terry McGraw: Well, again we are talking about the completion of the financial overhaul reform bill, and as the senate version now has it, the legal liability standard is something that we think is very justifiable and important to the bill for us. What we are again looking for is clarification of what? Reasonable investigation leads and if you read leave of these things sort of ambiguous you’re leaving it to the courts to define where they are. We think at the end of the day that we’ll see some clarification on the language, that’s all we’re talking about. We’re not talking about reducing the liability standards. We think that the liability standard for all market participation should be the same and not different from one of the participants namely us on that one. So if we can clarify some of the language and I think that should be a pretty easy lift on that one, we are fine.
Terry McGraw: Yes, again we are balancing all aspects of organic acquisition, share repurchase, and so forth. We have been obviously very committed to share we purchase. We announced that we are going to resume it and we will be into that very shortly. We are excited about the share repurchase component.
Terry McGraw: Yes, I mean again I think that the activity has picked up and we are obviously looking at all aspects of this, but again we have a very large organic component right now, and most of our transactions are smaller in nature that we are looking at.
Terry McGraw: We do not disclose that size of that revenue, but we simply are pointing out that we are shifting our focus here very heavily to the formative testing opportunities with our acuity program, which is just growing very, very rapidly. This is an electronic based program. We are seeing tremendous market gains and shares and such, and some of the contracts that we had was just simply older contracts that where lower margin contracts that we chose to let them wind down, but we don’t break that out specifically.
Terry McGraw: Except for the fact that obviously in some of the network compensation issues for us, we’ve dealt with that net upfront and again as you know, we are paying ABC now. They are in the reverse and there’s that effect, but I think it’s going to be a much-improved year and especially for us in the San Diego and Denver markets, and some of the Hispanic TV affiliations, they are looking good. I think that the [pogo] advertising one is the wild card for this year, and we are clerical advertising in the first quarter. Usually you won’t see until the end of the second quarter, but we are already starting to see it.
Terry McGraw: No, it’s just that it’s early in the quarter at this point, but right now our pacings are running pretty good.
Terry McGraw: Drew, as a matter of good practice, we don’t comment on any potential transactions or not transactions on that. Clearly in terms of use of free cash flow; one, we are very focused on the dividend and the share repurchase program. We need to take care of all of our organic growth needs and we continue to look at possible transactions that are still gaps within some of our offerings. We are looking hard across the board in terms of all three operating segments, but again any kind of transaction needs to fill a gap that we would have in terms of any kind of customer offering, but we have to stay very active in the market and we continue to look at a lot of different things, and we’ll weight them relative to the other offerings that we have.
Bob Bahash: No, if I mentioned on the call back in January, we indicated that we were going to enter the year on a cautious basis. So we really stayed that course for the first quarter, and I did indicate on that quarter that we would repurchase the 17.1 million shares overtime, and did not specify how much in the year, and we are really not prepared to really talk to how much for the given year.
Bob Bahash: Thanks. Let me add some color to that. We are looking at a very robust new adoption calendar as you know, and we feel pretty good about the size of that calendar and hopefully that will hold together. The overall increase of 6% to 7% is of course weighted to reflect the very significant percentage growth from the adoption state, but for residuals in open territories, although they performed very good in what is a light quarter, that being the first quarter, we still are being cautious for the year. Hopefully as Terry points out we hope to see some increase, but we are anticipating roughly a decline in open territories in the 3% range on a full year basis on residuals in the high single digits, but I know Terry is encouraged by what happened in our first quarter. We hope it carries through, but in terms of how we came to the 6% to 7%, its weighted for the very significant increase in the adoption space, with the clients both in residuals and open territories.
Bob Bahash: Well, digital revenue overall for McGraw-Hill Education in total that came through professional is still in the single digit levels, and that’s influenced more by the lower percentage of digital coming out of your K-12 space. On the other hand, when we look at the higher education professional, that’s where we are seeing some significant growth, and that relates to the point I mentioned about the growth and on revenue. A big contributor to our year-to-year change in higher education revenue in the first quarter is coming from digital, which is getting up close to half of the growth that we saw. Professional represents, because of the nature of that business. Almost 25% of the revenue of professional is digital and higher education is a pre-solid number as well. So it’s roughly in the range of 14%, 15% for the higher education professional international segment and growing.
Bob Bahash: You know Michael the growth is going to be on the formative side and it is going to be very, very important, and when we start talking about the common core standards and the role that assessments going to be playing, with assessment being embedded into the education materials, it’s going to take on even more significant and so that’s what we are doing. We are concentrating more on the formative side and pulling back from some of that large custom contracts that year before we’ve been in.
Bob Bahash: Yes at this point it’s a little early, but the mid margin range is probably what we are more looking at here.
