John F. Callahan: The organic growth is more in the – if you go back to our guidance of mid-single to high single digit revenue growth. Organic growth is sort of in the mid-single digit range, lower end of that; so that's the organic growth assumption, then plus the benefit of the SNL acquisition. More specifically, for ratings, we do have, as Doug mentioned, the issuance outlook down a bit, down 1%. With that down volume but maybe a bit of pricing, we would like to see some revenue growth in that business. However, I do suspect that may be a bit more weighted to the back half of the year just kind of given the issuance trends that we've seen in the fourth quarter that now appear to be continuing as we go into the first.
John F. Callahan: Andre, we don't want to get too overly specific in guidance of margin by the business unit level. Let me make maybe a few comments about ratings and then one broader point just on the math of the margins for 2016. You know, I think our – maybe the caution view – the cautionary view we're taking on margin expansion is not really based on cost management. I think our track record over the last few years would demonstrate that we're on that one. It's really more on the revenue side and particularly kind of given the issuance trends that we're seeing right now on ratings. And we know how to manage cost in that business. Just to think about it, last year in 2015 we were actually able to expand margins with revenue down. That doesn't happen all too often. So from a longer-term point of view, we do think margin expansion is certainly possible with revenue growth and continued cost control within the ratings business. I just do – I just want to be clear that we are not targeting any magical upside goal here. We're just trying to manage our business in terms of what we think is right for the ratings business. Which is one overall point on the margins itself, we said 50 basis points but you also have to kind of remember the math in terms of the addition of SNL this year. SNL is going to add to the portfolio about $200 million. It's coming in sort of around the mid-20%s margin. You just do the math. That's dilutive to the overall company margins of about 50 basis points. So if you were just to kind of look at like-to-like and exclude the impact of the SNL acquisition, our full year – our margin guidance is really more in the range of a full point which frankly is not that different than what we did in 2014. I think we were 150 basis points last year. So I think it's not as different as it may look – kind of look when you really factor in the math of the acquisition.
John F. Callahan: I'll just view it as this would be some timing of expenses that largely was head count related. There's no – we're not in the midst of any significant step up in investment program in indices or anything like that. So I think in a normal growth year we wouldn't expect anything. We would expect maybe to maintain it or maybe even improve a bit the high margins we have in that business. But that's – the only other thing that may be because it's the fourth quarter sometimes depending on, as individual businesses, is projecting. Sometimes there is in the fourth quarter an impact on incentive compensation depending on how the individual businesses is doing up against targets and I suspect it could also have been – there also may have been a catch-up in incentive comp which would impact that quarter.
John F. Callahan: I think it did come in at that level in the quarter. However, it did pick up a few points of growth from some of the acquisitions that we've done. I think we'd be more right now in sort of the mid-single digit sort of ranges of the two. We'd like to think maybe we can get back into high single. But I do think kind of given the pressure that's on a lot of the customer bases in Platts, it's going to cost us I think a couple points of growth. I think we were seeing that. Last year I think probably – but again, the business is pretty resilient. It is over 90% subscription-based and our renewals are – is doing fine and we have pretty good visibility into our renewals going into this year. So we feel pretty good about continued growth in Platts. The only other one thing that in a particular quarter can drive growth up or down a couple points is we do have – we are linked to some of the trading activity with the market on closed process and depending on what's going on with volatility in the oil space, there can be a little movement, a point or two up or down on that too.
John F. Callahan: Yeah, I think just generally our assumption is in that mid-single digit range. The he one thing – that number has been impacted a bit by ForEx. We'll have to see how that plays out – how it plays out in 2016.
John F. Callahan: One of the things that – one of the very simple decisions we've made was to move quickly to integrate S&P, Capital IQ and SNL. So I think in some of the – that has allowed us to really kind of be more – to get more into the cost synergies that relate to the G&A structure of the business. And we started to kind of then look at – we started to combine each of the core functions. It's leading to an opportunity over time to make the business overall more efficient also driven by the fact that we just have enhanced scale as we bring these businesses together. Just as a reminder, I mean the SNL business system and S&P Cap IQ business systems are pretty similar. Its designed some pretty similar products that leverage a great deal of data, some of which is common to both systems and leveraging some common technologies. So, we're pleased with the opportunity to step up the synergies on the cost side and also the timing in which to bring some into 2016, but we're – and we're even more encouraged from a longer-term point of view about our ability to build a more efficient and more effective organization for the long-term.
John F. Callahan: I mean, obviously in terms of how it's going to impact the year really comes on timing of close. Just to kind of keep it super simple, why don't we just assume a mid-year close. Whether or not we get there is a separate question, but let's just kind of keep it simple. That would probably be depending on timing, $150 to $175 million in revenue and probably $30 to $35 million in EBITDA. So, just to give you some sense of what that could look like at mid-year if indeed that's when close happens. Maybe that gives you some magnitude of it.
John F. Callahan: Yeah. No, there will be some tax leakage in the transaction, but I think between – yeah, there's enough – we have some basis to work with, so we're still – we don't want to be overly specific about what we have out there in basis, but there's enough to make a sale financially attractive.
John F. Callahan: That's a good clarification. It's a third of the total synergies, so it's a third of the $100 million. However, within that, I think it's fair to say, 80% to 90% of the synergies that will realized in 2016 are cost related.
John F. Callahan: Thanks for the questions. On the M&A strategy, clearly we had undertaken last year the largest acquisition in the history of the company with SNL. We are totally focused on this, as you heard when I talked about our company priorities for 2016. It's the top of the list. We believe that we need to execute on that and that's where we decided to allocate our capital. In addition, we have our portfolio rebalancing with the J.D. Power potential transaction. So, right now that's where our focus is when it comes to M&A; it's on what we already have on our plate. Clearly, we are watching carefully what's happening in the landscape of the data and analytics space. If there was something that was a very small tuck-in acquisition, you might hear us talk about something like that during the year, but that's our main focus right now – SNL – doing something obviously, with J.D. Power. And then, keeping our eyes open on what's happening in the market, but not necessarily looking at anything that would be significant. In terms of the CMBS market, on January 22 we reentered the CMBS market. We have been clearly working to ensure that on that date we were able to speak again with institutions that are either issuers or the financial institutions that do the underwriting and marketing of CMBS transactions. We have hired over the last year a new team to ensure that we have the right resources in place. And we are ready to go as soon as we start hearing from people that would like to use us.
John F. Callahan: Sure, Peter. No, we're not trying to signal any intent to add leverage at this point. The only point is that – one of the issues we do have is just a practical matter. Just in terms of cash management is just the availability of U.S. cash and we have a good deal of flexibility in our borrowing capacity. So, if we think we want to continue to buy back shares and we need to borrow short term, we're going to be quite willing to do that and you've seen that with our year-ending results. So we're not going to limit our buyback activity, just to the availability of U.S. cash. And then at this point in time we do take sort of – there is a repurchase of shares that is built into our overall guidance. We're also benefiting from the significant repurchase activity that we had in 2015. I would say, at this point in time, you should assume that maybe about half the amount that we actually did in 2015 sort of generally is implied in our existing guidance and we may choose to flex that as we go through the year.
John F. Callahan: Any incremental revenue, if we have any revenue beyond what we had in many of our business, the vast, vast majority would've fallen down into (66:07).
John F. Callahan: So we're looking – so if you look at different markets around the world, we're assuming that the U.S. will increase interest rates probably two more times this year but unlikely to raise them again in March. We're also looking at Europe where we think that interest rates are going to be either down or flat. Japan has just lowered their interest rate. We think China is going to also lower their interest rate. So our view is that in terms of the base rate it's going to be accommodated during the year. And we think it's a headwind, I mean a tailwind to economic activity and one of the areas that we feel a little bit positive about. We do see as you know, as you've seen in especially November, December and January, a lot of volatility at the deeper end of the credit curve was spread widening incredibly up into the over 1,200 basis points for spread on the CCC, CC level. So we do think that spreads have still widened out, but they are likely at some point to come back in. We think at least for a while the spreads are going to stay out until you see some settling down of oil prices and other credit conditions. But in terms of overall interest rate environment, we do think that base rates are accommodative, spreads have widened and we think eventually they'll come back in.
John F. Callahan: It was a combination of – in the end – a good combination of volume and a little bit better price realization. So it was the combination of both. So more seats and a little better price realization.
John F. Callahan: What I would say on maybe a broader level is that we increasingly see the demand for data and analytics growing because of the heightened need for regulatory reporting for – I don't want to use a cliché, but big data needs of corporations. So banks, insurance companies, asset managers, pension funds, other financial institutions, oil companies, large industrial companies that are managing huge credit books that they used to not have to manage, there is increasing demand for tools and solutions and data for them to manage their risk and make business decisions. And we find that what we are providing is really essential for those decisions. And we are seeing increasing demand. Now, that requires us to have data and high quality and being able to identify those pools of customers et cetera. That's really part of our future growth plans and how we're trying to position the entire company.
Douglas L. Peterson: Thank you. This is Doug. Just a couple of points. In terms of issuance, let me just give a few of the statistics from what we saw in the fourth quarter and a couple of general trends. Clearly, as we reported, there was a large decrease in total corporate governance; it decreased 29.3% in the fourth quarter and there were some of the different categories. For instance, in Latin America it was down 60%, 68% overall. In January, we saw a continuation of that trend. The total corporate governance issue was down about 26%. Financial institutions were down about 56% but we put together our forecast which you saw on slide 26 which shows about 1% decrease in 2016. We put that together with the combination of looking at the markets, what we expect to see from market issuance, scanning the market with investment banks and corporate banks, et cetera. We also look at the – what is the maturity profile of debt that's already on balance sheet that's coming due. So we looked through this forecast looking historically as well what we see are the trends. If you look at that chart, you can see that 2014 was a peak year at $6 trillion of total issuance and there's been a level almost every year 2012, 2013, 2015 a little bit over the $5 trillion level. The mix changes here and there but we still believe that there would be somewhere in that range. It's just as Jack mentioned, it might be more in the second half of the year. There's another part of the markets which you didn't ask the question but I just want to mention as well, which is very important and which has to do with spreads. Spreads have recently widened significantly especially in the lower end of the credit spread. CCC type credits are obviously more distressed credits and below, have increased by over 400 basis points. They're at a 1,225 spread range whereas the AAA, AA level is still around 100, 110 basis points. It barely budged over the year. In fact, as you've seen, U.S. Treasuries have tightened. So the spread issue, where we see spreads going, there's a lot of volatility right now. We think that also plays into it, people's appetite for going out. It's not really related to the base rate. It's related to the spread. Anyway, long answer to your question, we are prepared in the business as necessary to manage our costs tightly through things like delaying hiring, looking at our bonus accrual, as well as other investments that we might be making in things like technology and systems, et cetera. So we have certain flexibility we can build into our plan if we need to go through what could be a tough period. And one final comment, as you've heard me say many times in the past, we have a long-term optimism in this business, in fact, in all of our businesses. But we've always said that quarter-by-quarter we could see some shaky quarters as markets respond to certain conditions.
Douglas L. Peterson: The one, I mean, beyond just assets under management, the one other thing that helps drive that businesses is volatility and we have certainly seen a step up in volatility so to some degree that has been a bit an offset to assets under management. So we are – in total, there hasn't been a big change in terms of asset flows. Really what it is, it's been the overall market performance that really has kind of changed assets under management here. So we're looking at both what's going on with asset flows and we're also closely watching volatility. But so we'll have to see how the years play out. I think right now we certainly look at it with a bit of caution but at the same time we can – it's not just flows into ETF that drive the business. There's multiple ways in which we can drive revenue.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yeah, there's – you basically described generally what our expectations are. In terms of broad themes, we expect that over time in Europe is going to be increased structured finance. This is something that ECB is trying to implement. They want to have a more active capital markets. There's also the E.U. has what they call the Capital Markets Union and one of the things they want to do is have more credit flow to SMBs and small financial institutions. So they think that the structured finance market is one of those. We agree that that is going to be a slight growth area in 2016. In addition, there's another very important global trend about financial institutions. They're all looking at optimal capital structure in addition to the new rules related to capital and there's this TLAC which is total loss absorbing capacity which is basically senior bonds which have a certain level of subordination to other senior debt depositors that we expect that banks are going to be issuing. So in general, we think that there will be increases in structured finance, increases in financial services and financial institutions, likely decrease in overall corporate issuance globally but probably a larger increase in noninvestment grade overall especially at the spread levels which I mentioned earlier. But net-net that comes out about a 1% decline.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yeah, this is Doug. There has been a movement in the United States in terms of governance of business practices related to boards to allow long-term shareholders to have access to the proxy for electing board members. There's a movement. There are certain shareholders, the activists have been trying to have board take a look at this. So we took a very careful look at it. We looked across. We did a scan of the industry. We did scan of best practices and our board decided that we should adopt what we call the 3-3-20-20 rule, which is that 20 investors – up to 20 investors that own 3% of the shares or more for at least three years would be allowed to elect – or to, not elect, but propose, up to 2% or up to 20% of the board of directors in a proxy. We felt it was a good practice and something that is becoming consistent and good governance across the corporate in the United States and we decided to adopt that.
Douglas L. Peterson: In terms of the competitive dynamics, clearly there's OPIS and there are certain other properties that – OPIS changed hands – and there's a couple of others that might. We haven't seen any discussion about pricing pressure; that's not an issue. I've seen in the market that people that are in the consulting business as opposed to subscription businesses have announced that they're going to have more impact than we've been seeing in the market. But I do think, as I mentioned, in terms of competitive dynamics, there's a lot of changes going on in all the different areas that we play in, and we are watching those dynamics carefully.
Douglas L. Peterson: Let me just repeat something I said in my comments upfront. Because of our ability to control our expenses last year 90% of our increase in revenue drops through to the bottom line. So, we really had a major focus on cost control in all of our businesses in the corporate center all kicked in and we're doing to continue with that mindset. But I can't quantify what that would've been, but 90% of our revenue did drop through last year.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yeah, last year at the end of the year, we hired a new chief commercial officer, Chris Heusler from HSBC. We have a view that our business – in fact, all of our businesses we want to increase our focus on commercial activities, on customer relationship. We think it's part of our customer focus as well as part of our growth strategy. So, Chris and the team are focused on doing two things, first of all ensuring we have high-quality relationships with all of our investors as well as our issuers. Identifying markets where we could find new issuers or new pockets that credit services could be increased. In addition to that, we have another mandate which is to look at other products and services that we could be providing to – or issuers into investors that could be coming out of the ratings business. So things like rating evaluation services and other types of analytical tools that might be valuable to the market. So, Chris has a mandate to build out a sales team commercial team. He is absolutely 100% totally on the other side of the firewall from our analytical teams and that was one of the reasons we wanted to bring in somebody new to reinforce that firewall between our commercial activities and our analytical activities. So, we had high expectations of that team and we're pleased that he came on board.
Douglas L. Peterson: But it's been what we've been seeing. We are seeing desktop users and desktop revenue kind of grow in that low-teens for the last few years and again this year.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, let me just end the call by thanking everyone for joining us this morning. We're pleased that we had a very solid finish to 2015, but more importantly, excited about the change of our name to SNP Global and how we're going to be continuing to provide great services in products and analytics to the market as they grow and as they transform. So, thank you again. We look forward to speaking to everybody next quarter and also in between. So, thank you very much.
