Robert S. Merritt: Thanks, Jack. Just a couple of instructions for our phone participants. I would kindly ask you to limit yourself to two questions. That's two questions each in order to allow time for other callers during today's Q&A session. Operator, we'll now take the first question.
Robert S. Merritt: There's really very little of that business that's non-subscription, so roughly 90% of that business is a subscription business. So we're not impacted by reduction in consulting fees of that nature. The other 10% is really on the derivative trading side. That's going to be the contracts that are traded at the major exchanges, like the ICE Exchange and the Singapore Exchange, which in the quarter did quite well. I mean, as you know, volatility bodes well for that business.
Robert S. Merritt: So, the derivatives side increased double-digit, but to Jack's point, it's only 10%. So it's nice growth, but it can only move the needle so far.
Robert S. Merritt: If you look historically, I mean, most of the time that line is kind of in the mid-single digits. So we've had periods we're a little below it, you know, the last couple of quarters, but mid-single digits is, in the long run, is kind of a reasonable area for that line item.
John F. Callahan: Hi, Alex. It's Jack. First, (32:50) about the Used Car Guide. Look, that was a great addition to the J.D. Power portfolio. We'd been in discussions for quite some time. It really adds and broadens the capability of the PIN business that sits within J.D. Power, which is maybe one of the most valuable assets within it. So, it was a great opportunity and we're pleased with the progress that we've seen so far in the integration; and a great addition to the organization. Relative to timing, we don't have a strict timetable. We are just beginning the process. We have engaged an advisor. We do anticipate that we'll be reaching out to various parties in the coming weeks. And we have no gun to our head to get it done overnight, but at the same time we don't want this process to linger. So we hope to move it forward as we get into the early part of next year. Relative to your question on margins, next year in 2016, our current view is that the business on a revenue basis will be approaching $350 million in revenue. And once – and we still have some work to do to get the stand-up EBITDA margins. But I do think we'll have stand-up EBITDA margins of approximately approaching 20% as we get into next year. And, you know, we look – this will be a nice inflow to U.S. cash, which is something that we are – we're tightly managing the balance sheet right now and using that available U.S. cash, if there's not tuck-in acquisitions available, returning that cash to shareholders.
John F. Callahan: I think for today, just kind of going back to the original assumptions that we put out there, to your point, it's $70 million in EBITDA by 2019, we are pointing currently to sort of an even mix between cost and revenue that support that assumption at the time of the acquisition. That all being said, I think both Doug and I are enormously encouraged by the enthusiasm by which, collectively, both the legacy S&P Capital IQ and the SNL team are working together to forge a new and integrated organization. And we announced that very soon after the closing of the acquisition. And they're deeply (37:32) at work, detailing and updating that synergy case. And we hope to have a more complete update for investors when we get to our next call. But I would say at this time we're highly encouraged that we have great confidence in the $70 million. We are pointing to an upside to that number, both in terms of aggregate amount and timing. And I think with the decision we've made to move towards an integrated organization, I think there should be some upside, particularly as it relates to cost synergies.
John F. Callahan: Well, you know what? I would just point to – we did step up our share repurchase activity in the third quarter, despite the fact that at the same time we were completing the SNL acquisition. And I think we agree with investors that we do have balance sheet flexibility as we go forward. And we do believe that continued share repurchase will be important part of our capital allocation in the fourth quarter and as we move forward into next year.
John F. Callahan: Yeah. Sure, Doug. A good part of it is related back – as you may remember, back in the third and fourth quarter of 2014 we had a couple of restructuring actions at Ratings. Those restructuring actions are making a significant contribution to this expense management that you're seeing this year. In terms of – we have seen some benefits from reduced legal expense, but, to a large part, a good part of that benefit has been offset with some selective investments in areas of compliance as we are working to tighten up some of our processes there. So it's been a couple of moving pieces. And overall, in terms of forex impact on Ratings, there's not a big part – I mean, there is a benefit, but it's – actually, on a profit basis, forex within Ratings – forex was actually – caused a modest – hit profits of a couple million dollars. Because we had – that's also the business where we have the most significant forex impact on the top line, and the savings that we get on the expense side are not enough to offset that.
John F. Callahan: As I mentioned, the total profit impact of forex was a modest positive, less than a $0.01 of EPS. So in large part, the revenue hit that we took, which was about 2 points of growth, was to a large part offset by the impact on expenses.
John F. Callahan: Denny, one thing that you may want to check – I don't have it in front of me, but you may just want to check. I think when that particular competitor talked about their margin, I think they excluded the impact of D&A. So I think they were EBITDA margins. So I'm not sure it's quite apples to apples.
John F. Callahan: Peter, just one obvious point, though, I just want to add to Doug's comment. As you know, we do see the newly integrated S&P Capital IQ, SNL business segment as a business unit that we would anticipate some sustained margin expansion going forward. And back to Doug's comment, I think we'll put some more specifics and guardrails on that when we get into our guidance view for 2016.
John F. Callahan: No, look, I think the thing that gives us the confidence, Tim, more than anything is the speed at which, to Doug's point, that we've moved to integrate the organization, building sort of the best from both organizations. And when you move away from the outside in, evaluation of synergies, to the inside out, and you're starting to see the detail behind it and the clear accountability and a better sense of the timing to realize, I just think today, two months post-close, we feel better than ever about the synergy case; and we hope to have more insight for you in our next call.
John F. Callahan: Well, just – there's nothing really new there. In the last three years, if you look at the user growth on the desktop, it's basically most quarters been kind of a low teen growth number. So, we're just continuing to penetrate a marketplace that is increasingly appreciative of the additions we've made to that product. It's a great price point and it's an ever better product.
John F. Callahan: Look, I think we did see relatively faster growth in the non-transaction part of the Platts business, but the fact that that's only approaching 10% of the overall mix, there's limits to how much it can impact the overall number. So, in balance, we saw pretty good growth in the subscription business. It was high-single digits.
John F. Callahan: And also, too – that's also where we – our CRISIL results are largely – in CRISIL, well, it was a – it had very nice growth in sort of mid-teens area. So that was another good contribution.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yeah. This is Doug. So, we have created a new business which is underneath the S&P Capital IQ Group, which is called Global Risk Services. The woman who's going to be leading it is named Martina Cheung. She is going to continue to report to Mike Chinn. She is going to be part of our Executive Committee. We have an Executive Committee that meets almost weekly, three times to four times a month, that talks about all of our key strategic initiatives, how we're going to be investing in the company, where we're going to be growing, et cetera. So Martina is reporting to Mike Chinn, but she's joining our Executive Committee because this is such an important growth initiative for us. So the way we look at this, there is a very large demand for increased information inside of financial institutions, as well as corporates, for risk components, risk data, in some cases, liquidity information, et cetera. And we're pulling together all of the different assets that we have that are related to that type of information and putting them under Martina. And that's basically what the role is that she's going to be taking on.
Douglas L. Peterson: So, this is Doug. Just in terms of the mix that we've seen over the last year, as you saw on the slides, and all of you know because you track it very carefully, issuance has been – the story of issuance has been very mixed this year. And as you know, total global issuance was down 20% in the third quarter with different puts and takes in terms of how they came out. So far, October started off very weak. It was a weak month with issuance. So, we're cautious about the fourth quarter overall. There were some large issuance related to M&A as well as some, what I call, synthetic repatriations where corporations have a lot of offshore cash they don't bring back, but they do borrow domestically. In the last week or so we saw Microsoft, ACE. There's continued to be a robust pipeline of municipal and public finance issuers, like Texas and Florida. So, we're not projecting anything right now. It's hard to see. Some of the same conditions which made the third quarter very volatile, like the questions about what's going to happen to the U.S. interest rate; when is Yellen going to increase interest rates; what kind of impact that's going to have, what are some of the emerging markets' volatility factors, China, Brazil, et cetera; what's happening with the banking market? There's a new initiative which was released last week from the Fed for U.S. banks about resolution and recovery planning, which has new guidance about TLAC. In addition, in Europe, they're looking at TLAC, which is the total loss-absorbing capacity of the large financial institutions. Depending on where that comes out, that might drive more issuance. But we're looking at a lot of different factors. I don't want to give you a forecast, but I'd tell you that we're seeing – we saw a slow start to October, a very robust end of October. But generally speaking, in the fourth quarter, we are going to be watching interest rates, inflation numbers, TLAC, China, Europe, et cetera; and we're cautious.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yeah. This is Doug. So, the main sources of differences of the top-line are related to CMBS, and a little bit of CLOs and CDOs, on the structured finance business, and then there was a slight difference to what we could see in Europe; but generally speaking, those are the main differences.
Douglas L. Peterson: There's no expectations we're changing any of our approaches, although we are watching very carefully what's the outlook for issuance. So I don't know what kind of top line growth we're going to have. As I mentioned before, I'm cautious about expectations on what's going to be happening in the markets with issuance, generally speaking. We do have a continued focus on margins, on efficiency, and the new president of Standard & Poor's Ratings Services is committed to continuing to manage the business in a way that does look at the bottom line. On the other hand, we are looking at ways that we can improve some of our workflow, have more automated approaches to some of the ways that we deliver information to the markets. So it's possible that we will be investing in technology and automation to improve our overall performance; but maybe we'll see some investments in that. But generally speaking, let me say that for Ratings and all of our businesses we're committed to continuing to drive margin improvement. And over time, that's something we're going to look at, but I can't guarantee you that we're always going to get that if the markets themselves are not going up and our growth is not delivering.
Douglas L. Peterson: When it comes to our acquisition pipeline, we have a disciplined process to keep our eyes on different opportunities in the U.S. and around the globe. We are always, obviously, looking at ideas. We have nothing that – we've said before, we have a lot of work to do right now with SNL. That's our top priority, is integration, as well as working to ensure that we have a very smooth process with J.D. Power. So right now, our top priorities are to shape the portfolio in the direction that we've discussed today.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, I think that that's one of the things that we're working on right now as, typically, you might hear from a lot of corporations. In our fourth quarter, we're looking at a three-year to five-year strategic plan and, very importantly, now going to come up with a one-year approach. So in February next year when we do our full year earnings, we'll also be presenting our guidance for 2016. And I would – if you don't mind, I'd rather defer my thinking on that question until we've had a chance to put in place our 2016 expectations; but Jack wants to add something.
Douglas L. Peterson: Because of the agreements that we have with the government on our ability to talk about that business.
Douglas L. Peterson: Let me start, and then I'm going to hand it over to Jack. So first of all, this is literally only about a month, two months since we've been working with Mike Chinn. And as we did the due diligence and got to know the business very well over a period during the second and third quarter this year, we were always impressed with SNL and their operating capacity, as well as what we saw as the ways to merge these businesses and get a lot more out of both of them. So through that, now that we've got this very thorough integration management office in place, where we're tracking 12 projects with some of them with other subprojects and driving that very intensively faster than anybody expected, I can guarantee you that people did not expect that we were going to put Mike Chinn in charge of both businesses within eight days of closing the transaction. And so, we are really serious about this, and we're driving it fast and hard. You already answered the question in your question itself by where we're finding the opportunities. We're finding them both in cost in both businesses, ways we can do things more efficiently. We're finding them in revenue opportunities. We're also able to work more closely with some other projects Jack is driving about how we manage the corporate center; but let me see what else Jack wants to add.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes; so a couple of things. Clearly, it's a matter of many, many different factors. It's a much more concerted effort on the commercial side where we've got a – with the combination of Larry and, now, Imogen in place looking at how we can be very customer-focused, have a good approach to sales, pricing, discipline, et cetera. It's also something that is maybe not – is maybe a little bit counterintuitive, but even though the price of oil is down very low, there still are a lot of winners. It's not just the losers that are hit by the market. You have people that are also consumers downstream in the environment of oil industry, airlines, the travel/leisure industry, et cetera, that are big consumers of data and analytics and pricing from commodity space that are beneficiaries of the lower prices that also have a lot of demand for the data. So we are finding that the demand is not necessarily dropping as dramatically as you would expect given the volatility and the lowering of the prices. But we are very carefully, obviously, watching the number of seats, the kind of cost initiatives that could be going on in a lot of the firms to ensure that we're prepared for, potentially, a weaker environment. But through many, many different initiatives, we're pleased that we're still driving the growth.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes. So John is – just to tell you a little bit more about John since you asked the question, John has been with us for over five years. He was instrumental in helping drive the transformation of McGraw Hill Financial and the sale of the publishing and non-core assets. He knows all of our leaders across the firm. He's a very strategic manager with excellent project management and executional capabilities. So John's main focus has been to continue the programs and progress that Neeraj Sahai had been making in how we're managing the workflow, managing the business, ensuring that we are responsive to the markets and our customers, and very, very importantly that we have in place regulatory and risk programs that meet the requirements of all of the new regulations that have been coming up around the world. So John's priorities have not changed from Neeraj's. But in terms of how he's managing the place, he's spending a lot of time in the field, walking the floors, learning the business as quickly as he can; although, he's off to a – he was able to hit a running start because he already knows the business well. But John, as I said, priorities haven't changed but maybe his style and how he's getting it done is a little bit different. And he's getting a lot of visibility with the troops and energizing the organization.
Douglas L. Peterson: I'd add to that that there is also continued international growth, so that there's more penetration, as always, continuing overseas. And when you look at a lot of the customers, there's a lot of them who are trying to understand what are the requirements of their internal data needs and which is the product that best serves those needs, looking at some of the competitors, and we're also winning out a lot of those reviews against some of the other maybe more expensive competitors or those that have different products and services that don't necessarily meet the needs of the users on the floors.
Douglas L. Peterson: So, we continue to have – this is one of our key growth areas. So, when we look at the index business, if I were to over simplify our growth approach, it's to the international expansion, which we talk about a lot and we had some recent wins there in Chile and some other markets where we're growing out our international expansion. The second is fixed income indices. The fixed income indices today is – represents a...
Douglas L. Peterson: $30 billion of the AUM. It's not a large – it's not a significant factor in our top line growth, but today – our top line results. But we are – it's an area that we think that – if you go to the wealth managers, in particular, and you look at the secular trends of the baby boomers retiring, the needs for different types of products beyond just the buying bonds directly and other sorts of benchmarks, we're continuing to see this as a top priority for us even though it has not produced a lot of growth right now – or a lot of income. It is something that we're positioning for because we want to get ahead of that opportunity.
Douglas L. Peterson: We're getting the most share gain in analytical-type roles. So it's both fixed income and equities, and it's also risk management. And so, these are areas that we're continuing to see growth. I can't tell you directly if we're taking share from somebody else, but we're finding that we can penetrate those areas, analytical roles – mid-level and junior level analytical roles at banks, investment banks, asset managers, some corporations, et cetera. So, we're pleased with the growth we're seeing, and we've got an aggressive sales program out to call on our customers and identify where they can use our products.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yeah. I think that – first of all, I believe that this is a young company, even though we have a very long legacy; over 125 years as McGraw Hill and 150 years with S&P businesses. We think that it is a young company. We've only been in this configuration for two years, and it's only been eight months since the time of the Department of Justice settlement. So I'm very pleased with the team that we're building. We have a – and I think team is the right word. People get along very well. We're aligned on how – what our purpose is and what our goals and objectives are going forward. I don't have any expectations that we have management changes underway. We have a lot of people in new jobs. So if there's one thing that I'm spending a lot of time on with the team is to ensure that the people in new jobs have the resources that they need, that they've got the approach to leading and managing their teams that's going to be successful. So, I don't – I really think that it's a great team without any – with no changes in place. On the legal department's role, I do think that we have a meaningful shift in what would have been a year ago versus today's approach to the legal department. As you know, we used to include in our earnings releases every month a list of all of the legal cases. We had very significant litigation with the Department of Justice and the states, et cetera. So as we settle into a – more of a BAU approach with a little bit of legacy litigation, we are pleased that we have a legal department that is an advisory department, helping us grow the businesses and looking more forward with a future approach as opposed to a legacy approach. That doesn't mean that we're not going to ensure we have all of the best resources available and the best minds to settle the final little pieces of litigation here and there, but really, team focus across the entire team; want to make sure everybody's successful and that we're focused now on growth and performance.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yes. So first of all, on the cost flexibility, we – this isn't just a question for Ratings. We actually look at this for every business, and there's obviously opportunities which any company has when they're approving their budgets which relate to head count. Do you have, for instance, growth areas that you would slow down the growth? Do you have the opportunity if people left, if there's attrition, not to replace the attrition? I mean, these are traditional and typical tools that you use to address any sort of opportunities if you need to slow down your expense growth. Another one could be if you have any major initiatives which you're undertaking, can you also slow them down or delay them or cancel them? In addition, we have – if the performance is not going very well, you obviously have not – you're not going to be accruing the same level of compensation and bonus accruals and things like that, which is another opportunity. We also have other projects which we're, obviously, always looking at. I mentioned in my comments that we're looking to see how we can leverage lower cost operations in the U.S. and around the globe to make sure that we're also finding the best mix of costs so we can still support all of our businesses and our customers. So those – there's a lot of those tools, and I say it's not just Ratings. That goes for every business we've got, that we're always looking for that kind of flexibility. And as I've said before, we always feel like we need to be prepared and we want to be able to control what we can control.
Douglas L. Peterson: Oh, sorry. Yeah, on non-transaction, so we had a – there were a couple of reasons for that. One was there was a – you know, because of all the M&A activity around the globe, we had a large increase in Ratings Evaluation Services. Those are coming from the M&A activities in the U.S., in Europe, et cetera. So that was one of the main drivers of the increase in that area.
Douglas L. Peterson: Thanks, Bill, and let me thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We were very pleased with our results, obviously, as I said. Going forward, we're going to be focusing the company on these four pillars of scale businesses that are very interrelated, that have excellent brands focused on global growth. And we look forward to speaking with you at the end of the year when we have our next quarter. And clearly there's a few questions that we need to get back to you on when we launch our 2016 – when we give you our guidance. But we really appreciate all of your questions and your support, and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you very much.
