Doug Peterson: Thank you, Manav, this is Doug. Well, first of all, welcome everyone to the call. We had a lot to report today and then I'm pleased that you picked up that we've been able to launch the Capital IQ Pro platform. What it brings is its ability to, first of all, consolidate of many different information sources that we've had in the Company across the years. It has a much better interface if you've seen if you started using it. It also incorporates new Kensho capabilities and improves search.  It also has the data for ESG, it's easier to use for our risk services data. So across the board, it provides us with a competitive advantage of comprehensive data, ease-of-use, as well as new tools that make it easier to download data to move them into spreadsheets for chatting, etc. So we think it's an incremental leap forward and it gives us a much more competitive platform for the market.
Doug Peterson: Yeah, this is something as you know, we've seen a really interesting mix of the issuance this year. You saw the very strong issuance in loans which is driven by M&A, we seeing so far in the quarter, we saw a drop of [Indiscernible] [inaudible 00:34:07] of 30%, while we saw an increase of structured finance of over 100%. So those are really big swings. We do see that the M&A activity should continue forward. There's a lot of M&A activity in the pipeline which would bode well for loan issuance. That's not something that's in the bond forecast itself, but in the bond forecast, we see that in Corporates, it's going to be down about 7%.  There continues to be a strong liquidity for those types of issuance. The trend is right now, there's not a very big pipeline of issuance of Corporates that we see. Financial Services had half strength the last couple of quarters. As you saw this quarter, Financial Institutions was up about 5%. In the U.S., it was actually up about 30%, so you did see some strength in that. So we do think that there's going to be some continuation up about 1% -- sorry, 1% for 2022.  For Structured Finance, we do think that there's going to be some continuation of interest in CLOs but I'm not sure if that will continue across all asset classes with about 3% increase. U.S. public finance are close to flat, around 2% up. And then finally, total, we look across all of those given the volume of corporates which went down 7%, that would bring the total down about 2% in 2022. And as we said on the call, this is a initial issuance forecasted bond. It's not a revenue forecast.
Doug Peterson: Thank you, Kevin. Just a couple of points strategically in [Indiscernible], we have been able to put together the Sustainability1 Group under the leadership of Martina Chan (ph). And this has provided us with the ability to look across the entire organization for ways that we can link data and put together the latest needs for the market. As you saw, we launched the partnership with the Ford Foundation, Hamilton Lane, and [Indiscernible] for the Nevada platform for the private markets and private equity. So we're looking across all the different types of opportunities to bring ESG data into the market.  So you have the most transparency, the most comprehensive, consistent approach to providing those ESG solutions to the market. So this is something that we're looking at across the board in all the different aspects of how markets are starting to use ESG data. You should expect that we're going to continue to invest in this area. You should hear from us every quarter, that we've spent some money or invested in a different division to increase our sales force, our technical capabilities. And if you ask the question about where might we still be targeting some longer-term look at acquisitions, ESG would clearly be on that list.
Doug Peterson: Yeah, thanks, Hamzah. Nice to hear from you. And as you mentioned, we did complete 15 ratings in the third quarter. It's actually 46 year-to-date, and that compares to 2020 -- '22 and all of 2020, so we know that growth isn't going to be a straight line. There's a lot of interest in our ratings. As you see, there's some credit events taking place in China right now, and those are bringing a lot of attention to our ratings and our methodology, how we think about informing the market. We see a big uptick in people attending our webinars, downloading our research.  We've also been pleased that we've been able to wait companies across the entire credit sector from AAA-BBB and then different types of companies, financial structured products, and our first non-financial corporate. But more to your question about the environment, we continue to see the financial regulators are very interested in reforming and updating their financial markets. We would see that when it comes to the ratings industry that there's interest in seeing more from us.  They are talking about some reforms that would make the ratings industry more transparent, and make it change some of the floors for what would be defined as a non-investment-grade rating. But very importantly, we also see a whole slew of international financial firms getting licenses to operate 100% owned or more than 51% owned operations in China. Recently, Goldman Sachs received approval to take full ownership of its Securities, JV. Others include Fidelity, JP Morgan, City, BlackRock, etc. So we do think that in the financial markets, we see a very different rhetoric and a willingness to openly reform the markets compared to what you see some times in other parts of the markets.
Doug Peterson: Yeah, Ashish, it definitely does. Having the Capital IQ Pro developed and delivered is important to us. It gives us confidence of our ability to integrate new datasets. It also is something that's on the desktop of already 90,000 users, which is growing rapidly. We believe that that gives us the ability to integrate new datasets, as you know related to the Market Intelligence business, we also have the data marketplace, which has the tiles for different datasets which are already curated, have the contracts around them.  That's another aspect of the Market Intelligence business that is going incredibly well, that will help us integrate the data [Indiscernible] and the data products also of IHS Markit. The progress, technologically, was how we've moved our operations to the cloud, the upgrade and updates we've been doing to the back-end, as well as now the ability we've delivered that front-end of S&P Capital IQ Pro, are all going to help facilitate the integration.
Doug Peterson: Let me take that and what we're looking over the next few months is to continue to meet the requirements that we've agreed with the regulators on where we're going to be divesting of some businesses so that we can close the transaction. As you saw this week or last week, we were able to reach some agreements with the EC for the approval of some conditions and what they call remedies, which include the divestiture of Opus that they include what's now the divestiture of CUSIP.  And then also LCD and loan indices. We have about six months from now to close the LCD and the loan indices and those are not conditions to close the transaction, CUSIP is. And then with the CMA in the UK, we also have the condition of the Opus transaction and now something else is being added that's called Base Chemicals. And we'll -- we heard from them this morning that in general, they approved of that as a remedy, that they would expect meets the needs. We also want to make sure that over the next 3 or 4 months that we have time to follow through on a very thorough and robust process to get full value for all of these divestitures.  So in a sense right now getting those divestitures, meeting the requirements of those regulators are the remedies that they saw that created competitive positions that they thought would be too strong including -- completing those divestitures is going to be the gating factor. But we also want to do it, as I said, in a way that's professional, robust, and we get full value. So you should be watching that. We'll be providing more information as things crop up that we can talk about, but be assured that this is something that's on the top of our list right now of things we have to get done.
Doug Peterson: Craig, as you know, we typically will price somewhere around 2, 3%. We try to look at what are the trends in the markets on inflation, but that's -- would continue to be our expectation going forward but we don't have any further guidance or update on that right now.
Doug Peterson: I don't have a bank loan issuance forecast from the team. And I do -- I would only say that we do see a very strong pipeline for M&A and LBOs. That is always one of the most important elements that figures into that. But we'll be providing more guidance on that, at our next Earnings Call.
Doug Peterson: I don't have any reason whatsoever to try to give a forecast in 2022 right now that goes beyond what our own team, who are the people in the markets every day, have looked at. Clearly, there's a lot of factors which go into the decision of organizations to issue debt or to undertake an M&A deal and what sort of instrument did they undertake to finance it with whether it's a loan, how it gets packaged in CLO, et c? There is a lot of liquidity in the market. We do see a strong M&A pipeline right now and so those are things that will factor in when we bring you the full year update in our guidance on our next earnings call.
Doug Peterson: Yes. Thank you, Owen. Well, as you know, these are businesses that the EC and the CMA have looked at with a lot of depth. They go to the market, they go to market participants to ask them to look at the businesses as we bring them together and to give them feedback as to what would be the competitiveness of those businesses. So when it comes to the discussion with the EC, they determined that CUSIP and LCD, and the loan indices would create some sort of an additional competitive advantage.  And in the discussions with them, and looking at their understanding of belief through the market position, we agreed that that would be a remedy that would meet their needs to ensure that we didn't have a dominant position in the markets. So this is a -- this is something that they looked at. You can actually read their letter that has been published, that they have the -- they have a very short couple of paragraphs that described their views of that and how they feel about it.  But they've also given us what they call an approval with conditions which we think was a very positive aspect. Similarly with the CMA, they go to the markets, they listen to market participants, and they came back with the discussion about the Base Chemicals business that would also create a competitive issue in the UK. And in discussions in negotiations with them, we also agreed that that would be a condition that we would meet in order to get approval on the transaction.  So these are what the regulators do, they look at the market, they speak with market participants, and then we discuss these with them. And in these cases, we've agreed that we would make these divestitures in order to close the deal. You asked about conditionality. It's our understanding in the case of the CMA, we would need to have a buyer identified, that they would that they would vet, of the Base Chemicals business and also the OPIS business, in which we already have a buyer, and in the case of the EC, we'd have to have a buyer identified for the OPIS and related businesses, which we already have, and then for CUSIP, we'd have to have a buyer we have identified and vetted before we can close the deal. But for LCD and loan indices, we have six months from now, and we could close the deal without having a buyer for that transaction.
Doug Peterson: There's a few aspects to this. One is related to something you mentioned and that is that as we improve our capabilities and make it easier to find data, to search it, to chart it, to download it, etc. That makes the products more sticky, it makes more people are use the product, it brings more people to the platform, which is a virtuous cycle which then allows us to have a stronger negotiations when it comes to price increases. So there is not necessarily a direct increase that comes from the launch of these platforms, but it does give us a virtual cycle. In addition, it makes it easier for -- to plug-in and add new datasets which do sometimes bring new contracts and new revenue along with those.  In addition, you asked about the expense side of this. As we redeploy resources from turning off and changing older platforms, it allows us to either have an expense save or in many cases it allows us to redeploy those programmers and developers into areas where the highest growth opportunities, like what we've talked about earlier, something on ESG, private markets are the areas that we're quite excited about with the merger with IHS Markit, how we're going to be able to bring energy transition products, further credit in this products, etc. We can get some savings but also look at how we're going to redeploy our development talent to the highest opportunities for the future growth.
Doug Peterson: As you know, in the index business occasionally, an organization will rebalance or maybe they might bring together some indices and switch to another party. And when we have a contract in place with an index provider that our -- sorry, ETF provider diffusing our index if they switch, it could be the built in the contract there's an early cancellation fee and that would be the case that we saw during this quarter.
Doug Peterson: Great. Thank you, Alex. I'm going to make some closing remarks. And first of all, I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. And as you saw, we had very strong performance in the third quarter. We delivered exceptional financial results with a 13% topline growth and adjusted diluted EPS of 24% growth. We launched new product platforms, we advanced our ESG propositions and many, many more things going on.  And as we're able to talk about, we're moving forward on the IHS Markit merger. This is something that we're very excited about. The path towards regulatory approval is getting clear. We now have to execute on the divestitures that we discussed today to achieve the full value, but also, we don't want to rush. We want to have time to close and also to make sure that we can execute those transactions well.
Doug Peterson: Well, as you know, we also have integration planning going on which is identifying synergies. But more importantly, it's also identifying strategies for our businesses. How we're going to work together, how we are going to address the needs of our customers, how we're going to be bringing together technology and very importantly data. And then most importantly, our people and our culture, and all of this work is going extremely well. But today on this call, I also want to thank our people.  They've been working now for 600 days. It sounds like a lot, it's 600 days people been working from home and working remotely, starting to come back to the offices. And when they do, I'd love to welcome them depending on which offices we're around the world. But our people have been dedicated, they've been working hard. They may be able to deliver the kind of results that you saw earlier as well as work on this exciting transformation for the Company with the merger. They've been diligent.  They're helping rethink and reimagine the future of the work. And I want to thank them for all of their dedication and commitment to making this Company what it is and looking forward to the future for building an even better Company. And then finally, I want to thank everyone on the call, the analysts for your questions, and also the shareholders for your support. And thank you very much looking forward to a great Fourth Quarter and the holidays at the end of the year. Thanks, everyone.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Kevin. This is Ewout. Let me first take the first part of your question and then I will hand it over to Doug. And --
Ewout Steenbergen: First, with respect to the revenue outlook for ESG for the full year, yes, we are still expecting to come in approximately $100 million of revenues for the full year. And one of the reasons is that there is some seasonality with respect to some revenues. Usually it's a bit higher in the fourth quarter. So year-to-date that 67 million of ESG revenues. And again, then we expect this to go up in the fourth quarter to approximately 100 million for the full year. So we are on track with respect to our forecast. the 40% CAGR that we expect over the next few years. And you see that we have a lot of positive momentum, a lot of new product launches, a lot of new initiatives going on, a lot of investments in ESG initiatives. So let me hand it over here to Doug.
Ewout Steenbergen: Alright. Kevin, the short answer here it's that based on [Indiscernible] by large groups of people with a lot of rigor, substantiating synergy opportunities. We have been able to find a higher opportunities than we thought before. So let me expand a bit on that. You recall when we announced the transaction, we said that we had 350 million of revenue synergies and 480 million of cost synergies. That was based on very thorough process during due diligence. However, that was done by a smaller group of senior executives because, of course, a smaller group of people were aware that we're working on that transaction.  Since then, we have had work streams in place and four submission rounds with respect to synergies through a very rigorous process. And we have been able to look much deeper into all the synergy categories from integrating corporate functions, to optimizing real estate and technology, going very deep in procurement to clean room activities. Procurements, I already mentioned, eliminating duplicative costs, so many of those areas. And based on all of that very detailed work, we are confident now that you can raise those synergy targets, both for cost and revenues.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Andrew. What we're looking at is very similar trajectories with respect to expense synergies and revenue synergies that we told you before. Three-year cost synergy ramp, which is more front end loaded, and then five-year ramp for revenue synergies, which is more gradual over the five-year period of time.
Ewout Steenbergen: Sure. Well, I have to be careful about 2022 because we're not providing guidance on that at this point in time. But let me give you some more details about the outlook for the remainder of the year. What you see, Andrew, is a bit of direction of different initiatives going in opposite directions. First, we have the productivity program where we take benefits so far this year from an expense growth perspective, as well as the pre -realized synergies on the S&P Global sites that we mentioned in the prepared remarks, and of course, we are also taking benefit from the operating leverage.  But what goes in the opposite direction is the strategic investments we are making in the strategic initiatives. For example, in ESG. For example, in the energy transition in Platts. And then also our variable expenses are going up. I consider those good expenses because they are directly linked to our sales levels and our revenue levels. So think about incentive compensation commissions and cost of sales. So we expect those underlying trends to continue in the Fourth Quarter.  Specifically, I would like to call out Platts because the Platts expenses might be a little higher in the Fourth Quarter, similar to what you saw in the Third Quarter, because here you see particularly those variable expenses being a bit higher as well as the investments in the new initiatives. But that is also paying off because, as we mentioned, 1/3 of the revenue growth in Platts is coming from those new products. I hope that's helpful.
Ewout Steenbergen: I'm sorry. Good morning. So let me first take the capital return philosophy. You're absolutely right that we're building up significant cash as a Company. And our thinking about returning that, because obviously this is temporarily elevated. Returning that cash, the thinking about that is the following. First we have a catch up to do because for the last one and half years, we have not been able to do share buybacks.  And the same applies by the way, for IHS Markit, so IHS Markit can also not do share buyback so is also building up its cash position. Then what we should add is some of the proceeds of the divestitures that will help with the capital return capacity. And then very quickly after the completion of the transaction, we would like to move to our new capital return target of at least 85% of free cash flow.  So if you add up all of those pieces, then we're speaking about a very meaningful capital return number that we will be able to achieve after the completion of the transaction. I cannot give you a numerical answer on that right now, but what we are planning to do is give you the financial targets of the combined Company in the first quarter, again, after we complete the merger. With respect to your second part of the question the costs to achieve, so we're looking still at those 3 different categories with respect to our merger-related costs.  So we have transaction costs, integration costs, and cost to achieve. Cost to achieve in my view are, of course, the best category of costs because it's an investment to ultimately achieve those synergies. What we're looking at in terms of the overall best estimates with respect to the spend at the integration costs and the cost to achieve combined, we're looking at approximately 1.1 times the overall cost and revenue synergy. So that's our best estimate in terms of what the expected to spend for integration and cost to achieve but again, that is an investment in order to achieve ultimately those higher synergy numbers.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Ashish. Indeed, that number is still correct, approximately 125 million revenue for Opus and its related business -- businesses like the coal metals and mining. And as Doug said in his prepared remark, 425 million for all of the divestitures, including Opus combined.
Ewout Steenbergen: Hello, Jeff, this is Ewout. With respects to the outlook for margins for indices, I can only give you the outlook for 2021 and that is approximately 70% margin for the full year. And we will get back to you in the First Quarter when we do our Fourth Quarter earnings call with respect to specific guidance for 2022.
Ewout Steenbergen: If I may build on Doug 's answer, with respect to milestones, we also have, of course, the milestones around the merger planning process. And I think we're well underway, a lot of positive initiatives that are going on in both organizations. And we are looking at, for example, getting ready for day 1 and being able to operate as one combined Company on day 1: system integrations, people planning, synergies [Indiscernible]. So also a lot of milestones that we are working on So, the more overall planning process.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Toni. Indeed, very positive -- continued positive revenue growth in the non-transaction category for ratings. And we also expect that to continue for the full year for the outlook for non-transaction revenue is now low double-digits growth. What you see is underneath is a couple of developments. First, we are seeing that surveillance fees are going up that is being helped last year by the very high level of bonds issuance activity.  And this year, of course, by bank loan rating activity, where we also are receiving surveillance fees. So indeed some part of that you may expect to also continue in the future beyond 2021. Then what we also see is a lot of activity with respect to initial credit ratings this year, rating evaluation surface, which is helped by the M&A environment, and then CRISIL also is doing very well and is also showing very healthy growth. So all of the underlying categories in loan transaction revenue doing very well.
Ewout Steenbergen: Absolutely, Toni. We're monitoring this at very closely both indeed from a quality of people that we can attract and retain, as well as overall from a cost perspective because, of course, the largest cost category we have is staff cost as a Company is about 70% of our overall cost base. We by the way, see this both as a risk as -- and as an opportunity because it's -- there are a lot of people on the move in the labor markets. It's also a clear opportunity to pick up some really good talent as a Company [Indiscernible], with the hybrid working [Indiscernible] that we are introducing, we also think that it is attractive as an employer that we can offer that.  And it also offers up on the possibility to look at talent in a much wider geographical area that we're looking at before so we're closely monitoring this. At this point in time, our economist believe that the inflation pressure should be transitory. So that's more our base case, but we're definitely running stress tests to think about if inflation would be more permanent, what that would mean for the Company, and what management actions we can take.
Ewout Steenbergen: Sure. Andrew. We're looking now at outlook with respect to revenue growth for our decisions. The Index business, double-digits, revenue growth ratings, low double-digits, We have Platts at high single-digits, and we have MI at mid-to-high single digits. And then with respect to the margin outlook for the full year, we have, as I said before, indices around 70%, ratings mid 60s, Platts mid 50s, and then MI mid 30s. Continued positive momentum, healthy top-line growth, and healthy margins for all of our segments.
Ewout Steenbergen: George, it will be across the board in many different categories, in all of the segments, as well as also in the functional areas. Let me give you a couple examples of that so that you can get more the feel behind it. First, a lot of work has been underway in what we call the procurements clean room. About 2.5 billion of spend of both companies has been analyzed, there are 25,000 active contracts, and that has led to some opportunities -- further opportunities that have been identified.  Also, there is a clean room for cross-sell, and we have filed about 200 synergies with respect to cross-sell food at clean room activity. And then what we did not expect before were shortened synergy benefits from segments that we basically did not have on the list before. So we now have synergies also being identified in ratings, in transportation, in CME, and in Crystal. So those are a couple of examples, but I would say in general, really more opportunities in all of the areas across both organizations. And of course, tend to combined Company in the future.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thanks, Shlomo. Good morning. No, we haven't mentioned that specifically. But what Doug said during his prepared remarks is that the margins on these businesses are higher than the margins of the respective segments where these businesses are reported today. So these are businesses with a bit higher margins than you see on average. And however, if you think about it, the revenues of those 4 businesses is approximately 4% of the revenues off the proforma combined Company. So they are four, the overall impact on the margins of the Company is relatively modest. And then also take into consideration that the overall synergy numbers we have moved up with these announcements.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. The way to think about it is maybe 3 elements. So you could say the starting point for the combined Company, the margins are slightly, modestly lower, based on these divestments. But then we will see two positives coming out of it. One is higher synergy opportunity which will help to drive the margin stand further up in the future, as well as the proceeds of these divestments will help with additional buyback capacity, which is also of course, a positive thing for the EPS, in order to offset the lost earnings.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thanks, Alex, and really appreciate your joining the call today. I think you should see this in the following way. We do have, of course, certain restrictions legally with respect to how far we can look into certain details with respect to financials in terms of commercial agreements, in terms of procurement agreements, because the two Companies are still run as standalone entities at this point in time. So the way -- how you can solve for that partially is through so-called clean rooms, where you have a separate segregated area where people can look into those particular details, that can never be shared with any of the respective organizations.  So definitely, after we are able to complete the transaction, we have an opportunity to look even more deeper into all of that and further make those synergy numbers more robust compared to what we have now. But again, as I said before, we think that we have a very rigorous process in place. We have already had four submission rounds, bottom up substantiation of all of the synergies, we'll have a fifth around before the ultimate completion of their transaction. And then definitely of course, we'll then learn more after we can start to operate as a combined Company.
