Martina Cheung: Hi. Thanks very much for the question. So as Doug mentioned in his remarks, we do expect a stronger first half of this year, 2024 compared to the back half of the year. And I'll break it down a little bit. First on the transaction revenue and our billed issuance estimate in the 3% to 7%. We're expecting to see continued refinancing activity that we saw build up in the back half of last year with high yield and bank loans and we saw that consistent in January. So we would expect to see that continue throughout the first half of this year. We would also expect to see some investment grade, although not as robust as last year. And part of that is just because some of the investment-grade issuers tapped the market last year. Another potential factor there is the fact that we would see some investment-grade issuers being able to wait until the rates come down. Now some of the factors driving first half versus the second half, I would say anecdotally we're hearing that issuers are looking to come to market to take advantage of strong investor appetite to lock in rates once they're higher and before the rates come down and ahead of potential volatility in the back half of the year. On transaction revenue we would actually expect to see stronger frequent issuer program issuance this year than we saw last year. You won't see that in our billed issuance estimate for example. And we would also expect to see continued strong performance in our surveillance book across CRISIL, our royalty and other products such as RES or Ratings Evaluation Service. Overall, though as Doug said, we do expect stronger first half compared to second half. All of these factors that we take into consideration including pace and timing of rate cuts volatility, et cetera these are all baked into our overall outlook. It is early in the year and we will definitely seek to become more precise as we go throughout the year but that's I think a good summary of where we're at.
Martina Cheung: Hey Scott thanks for the question. We did see some pull forward more for 2024, a little bit of 2025 into 2023 not just in Q4 I would say. I mean I think the sort of the repricing and other refinancing activity starting to pick up momentum in the back half overall and we've certainly seen that continue into this year. But I would maybe take a step back and perhaps sort of characterize how we build our outlook for the year. So, absolutely refinancing is very important. And as Doug mentioned in his remarks, the refinancing wall continues to grow nicely which is a very healthy indicator for us. But we also look at a number of other factors, including the overall macro picture whether it's GDP growth pace and timing of interest rate cuts. We also look at opportunistic issuance. We know that's been historically very hard to predict and that's become even more difficult in the last two years. And candidly M&A, we don't have historic or heroic assumptions around M&A. As Adam mentioned earlier, it was down quite a bit. last year. And while we're hearing a little bit of positive market sentiment, we need to see how that plays out throughout the course of the year. We also look at investor appetite fund flows and how that could impact issuance across different asset classes. So, for example as I mentioned earlier, we would expect to see higher frequent issuer issuance this year than we did last year. And then we keep an eye on this throughout the course of the year, a lot of contacts with investors. I think we did -- we increased our investor meeting frequency quite a bit last year so we're between the 25,000 30,000 range of meetings with investors. So, a lot of work goes into building up the bond up. It's not just the refinancing piece of it, although of course, that's a good long-term indicator for us. And then just to kind of recap or draw a line under it. As Doug said, we would expect slightly faster first half than second half. And as we go throughout the year, we can come back to you with greater precision.
Martina Cheung: Hi, George. Thanks for the question. So, maybe I could start with transaction versus nontransaction and how we think about both of those. And as you know transaction is a somewhat lower proportion of our revenues compared to let's say pre-pandemic. On the transaction front and specific to billed issuance, as I said, in my last response, we look at a variety of factors. Refinancing is a critical one. I covered that in my last response, as well as the key macro drivers when rate cuts could start for example what the exit rate on those looks like this year the potential challenge in predicting opportunistic issuance. And there we really do not have heroic assumptions around opportunistic issuance for this year. So we're being cautious on that. And then I would say as, I mentioned as well that we would expect to see more frequent issuer issuance this year, which wouldn't show up in our billed issuance estimate of 3% to 7%. So I think with all of that you have to take into consideration the potential wide range of outcomes, whether it's rates, whether it's almost half the world's population voting and elections and potential for greater volatility in the back half of the year. So that informs both the overall outlook of 3% to 7% billed issuance, but also the timing that Doug has mentioned, which is a stronger first half versus second half. On the transaction side, we see strong performance across all key areas there. So that would include our surveillance book. It would include the res portions of the book for example CRISIL, as well as the royalty payment that we get from Market Intelligence. So maybe again I would just reiterate strong first half and tapering off in the back half. And then as Doug mentioned, it is early in the year. There is potential for upside in the range and we would look to get more precise on this as we go throughout the year.
Martina Cheung: Thanks much Russell for the question. Just a quick one on the non-transaction. We don't separate out our guidance between transaction and non-transaction. But as I said, we do expect robust performance in our non-transaction part of the book this year. The picture is a little counterintuitive in fact for the timing piece because you would in fact expect given our kind of predictions of three rate cuts for example by the Feds starting in the middle of the year, this year that you might see a more even result with issuance throughout the year. What we're actually hearing from the market is a little bit different. So for bank loans and high yield for example, we're seeing and hearing a couple of things. Number one issuers have accepted the higher for longer. But more importantly number two there's a good really good strong investor appetite for these asset classes. And pricing is much more constructive this year for example than it was same time last year. So these issuers are coming to market. There's a high volume of repricing into that. So for example the bank loan January volumes for re-pricing was actually around if not a little bit higher than the full year 2023 repricing that we saw in bank loans. And then on investment grade some of that -- we see that tapered a little bit this year compared to last year. The reason for that is that there were so many issuers that came to market last year but also those that are sitting waiting for rate cuts can afford to actually absorb what they're sitting on today whether it's using commercial paper or otherwise to wait for some of those rate cuts to play out. Hopefully, that answers your question. As I said, it's early. We're in the first half of February and this is our base case. There's a pretty wide range of possibilities here and we'll look to get much more precise as we go throughout the year.
Doug Peterson: Thank you, Manav. This is Doug. Well we're really excited about what we've been able to achieve with the merger. And you've heard us talk about the power of the merger, the capital return that we had, the accretion to EPS, the cost synergies which we now have delivered $619 million. And going forward we're going to keep talking about the revenue synergies. When we look at the revenue synergies, they started off traditionally with cross-sell, cross-sell within divisions. This is where we were selling Commodity Insights products from the Platts customers to the IHS Markit customers and vice versa. Same in the Market Intelligence business where we're selling financial services products to corporate customers for Market Intelligence. But now we're starting to deliver the new products as well. And a combination of both of these has allowed us to be ahead of the schedule. We're very excited about the new products coming out. Let me give you one example from the Commodity Insights division something called Platts Connect. Platts Connect is a product that took the platform of Platts Dimensions Pro and took the IHS Markit Connect platform. We put them together. We now have a very unique single holistic platform for prices, for research, for forecasting. But let me hand it over to Adam, since he's on the call and he can give us some more color for Market Intelligence.
Doug Peterson: Thanks Alex. This is Doug. Let me start by saying that we always start our year with looking at how we're going to be able to grow our margins. We always build a budget that begins with top line growth. And we want to make sure that we can build our business through investment for innovation, but also continue to deliver margin expansion. So if you asked about each of the divisions and each of the divisions has different characteristics for how we're moving forward. We have technology and productivity plans in place. But let me start with a couple of the divisions and then hand it over to Adam. So within the Commodity Insights division, we're looking at as you saw 8.8% growth to 9.5% growth with a margin expansion in the 46.5 to 47.5 range. We have growth in that area in particular in energy transition products. We see high demand coming for new products that relate to carbon to carbon intensity to carbon markets to different types of metals, which are going to be important for the energy transition. So we see a lot of growth in the area coming from energy transition on top of what are the regular markets there. We do have some investments taking place in the Commodity Insights division both for some regional expansion, as well as some new products. When it comes to Mobility, we're making some investments in some new products in Mobility, so that we will be able to grow our top line. As you see we have an 8.5% to 10% revenue guide as a 39% to 40% margin guide. But we always operate all of our businesses beginning with top line with discipline to deliver growth. Just to mention before I hand it over to Adam as you know we've delivered 1,200 basis points of margin expansion over the last 10 years. So it's something that's in our DNA. But let me hand it over to Adam.
Doug Peterson: Thank you Jeff. As you know we always apply a discipline to looking at our portfolio, looking at top line growth, looking at the margin expansion, also looking at how it fits across the portfolio. During the year last year, we didn't make a lot of noise about it but we did shut down some very small products. We shut down 8,000 indices that were subpar subside across the businesses within Commodity Insights Market Intelligence or some small products that we moved on. We also had a couple of small divestitures. But when you ask the question to us, we're constantly looking at the portfolio trying to understand what fits best. We have different themes. You've heard us talk about the key themes private market, sustainability, supply chain, analytics, risk and credit. These are the sorts of areas that we're always looking to expand our presence to make sure we have the best capabilities possible to meet the needs of our clients. But within looking at the needs of clients we look at the shareholders. We look at how we're going to put this portfolio together with the best way to leverage our technology. We will always apply the discipline as well to how we're going to look at the portfolio in the future.
Doug Peterson: Thanks, Craig. As you saw when we put together our information, we put in our slides what are the key factors that we look at. And when you take a step back, we know that GDP growth is always the number one driver. It's the highest correlated factor to our long-term revenue growth. We've looked over the years to see what are those factors that drive it the most. We see some potential slowdown in the economy in the US and EU. We're planning for what we call we're planning against what we call a soft landing which means that there could be some sort of slowdown in the economy. As you heard we've seen some slowness and a little bit of longer sales cycles in certain segments. But that's – those are some of the downside factors. What would happen with the geopolitical factors, how long will it take before central banks begin to cut rates, we've taken those into account as we built our guidance with some conservatism. So if we saw a much quicker return to lower interest rates, if we saw much quicker a geopolitical environment that was more stable, these are the kinds of things that create some upside for the company. We also look at segment by segment. We know that the automotive segment is going through a lot of change. We know that the energy transition which is changing the commodity cycle. So we've taken into account all of these different factors as we've looked at the – overall at the guidance. So to your upside risk – upside opportunities we think that it could come if interest rates move down lower faster, if the interest rates if the economies grow faster than we think, et cetera. But these are all the factors we take into account across the divisions, as we're setting up our guidance for 2024. Thanks, Craig.
Doug Peterson: Great. Thank you for that. And when we think about technology when we think about AI we start with the framework that we showed you in our prepared remarks today which has the foundation of very strong proprietary data. We think that this is going to be one of the most important factors for AI becoming successful at any company no matter where they are. And we think that this gives us a running start in addition to what we've already been developing with Kensho over the last five years. But turning that into earnings and turning that into growth is something that we're starting to build. We think that the AI opportunities we have, Adam talked earlier about ChatIQ is an example of something that gives customers the opportunity to dig much, much deeper into our data. We think that it's going to create stickiness. We're starting with metrics that look at for example, our Net Promoter Scores. We're looking at retention. We're looking at how people -- how -- what kind of feedback we get from calls from customers that are calling in to see how we're doing. We also believe that right now we're going to be able to continue to meet our guidance that we gave you for our -- in our Investor Day in 2022. We'll be able to continue along that track. And then we'll be able to come out with much more precise guidance for the impact of AI across our portfolio in the future. But we see this as something that's going to be a game changer for all of our businesses. It's going to be embedded in everything we do. And we're just now learning how we're going to measure those impacts. But let me hand it over to Adam because he's very close to a couple of the end market opportunities that we have right now.
Doug Peterson: Thank you, Owen. Well, we take a view that AI is going to be embedded in everything we do. And we don't think there's going to be a killer app. It would be great if there were. That's not our plan. Our plan is to look at AI to see how it can improve our productivity, how we can use it with our developers, our data management, data linking, et cetera, up into how we're going to improve our products and build products and link them over time. As you heard from Adam, we've got a few very exciting products that are already being tested in the market. We've launched one recently and then we've got some more coming. We also have the capabilities of Kensho which are available on the Marketplace. So we don't think of it as a killer app. We think of it as continuous improvement. And we think that if you look at it over time, it's going to be something that's going to change the way we work and the way that our people work. So, we're really excited about it. We're also excited that we have such a strong internal team that we're one of the first companies who was able to name a Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer, somebody who has the experience of Kensho of being the CEO there with the expertise. We have an open model in terms of the ecosystem we're going to be working with. So we're not looking for a killer application, but we're looking to see every single way we can use it and how it's going to improve the way we serve our customers as well to manage the business. So thank you Owen. Let me make a couple of closing remarks. And first of all, I want to thank all of you as usual for being on the call and for your excellent questions. And it was great to have Adam and Martina on the call today. And I'm really excited about everything that we're able to deliver in 2023. We delivered what we think is the promise of the merger. As you know we've paid back over $17.5 billion of capital over the last two years since the merger. We've been delivering innovation. We delivered on our synergies. So we're excited about taking that energy and all of the incredible work that our people have done, and turning that now into growth into the future. I also want to thank our people as always for their incredible work. It's what made 2023 what it is and it's what makes me very confident about the foundation we have for going forward, and especially our leadership team who is focused on growth innovation and execution. This is our last earnings call with Ewout. He's been with us for seven years of remarkable service and I want to thank him. He's helped shape our financial strategy. I know that everybody is very pleased with our margin, and as well as our capital return and that's something that Ewout's been instrumental in. He's helped us lead with our accelerated growth with our innovation and he's had a tremendous impact. He partnered with us on all of the major strategic transactions. He's been the sponsor of Kensho for the last five years, which we now talked about many times on this call the importance that brings to the company as well as one of the initial architects as well as executors of the IHS Markit merger. So he's done a fantastic job building a world-class finance organization. As we previously announced our current Chief Accounting Officer, Chris Craig will be named as the interim CFO on Monday. And he has done a fantastic job here for the last 13 years. And he's going to continue to evaluate the businesses. And as we look both internally and externally for candidates for the permanent role, and I look forward to working with Chris in his role. But again thank you Ewout. We wish you the best in your new role and continued success in your career. And please keep making the world a better place with your leadership with UNICEF. So, again, thank you everyone for joining the call. Great questions and we're very excited about the future. Thank you very much.
Adam Kansler: Great. Thanks, Doug. The revenue synergy is obviously one of the most exciting parts of the combination of businesses. As Doug mentioned, the early successes have been in going to our customers, with combined product capabilities that strengthen what we were already providing to those customers. We've seen outsized performance there, even against our own expectations. What's really exciting as we get now into the years, where we've landed those early merger synergies is the launch of new products. Doug mentioned a few. Over the course of 2023, we launched seven new products just within Market Intelligence. We have 14 new products set to come to market across 2024. These will increasingly become part of what we're offering out to customers, whether it's just putting our bond pricing in together with our credit analytics capability looking at our economics and country risk data across our Desktop, incorporating sustainability data into our private markets portfolio management capabilities. These are all exciting areas that will continue to add to the growth of the business. You'll also see us announce some increasing generative AI capabilities across broader data sets of the combined businesses. I'm sure we'll talk a little bit more about that later on the call.
Adam Kansler: Okay. Thank you for the call. We're very optimistic about continued growth in the business. And you've seen that progression from 2022 to 2023 and you see our guidance for 2024. Our end markets have had a pretty challenged period through 2022 and 2023 right? You've seen 30-plus percent declines in M&A activity 34% decline in private equity investment activity. But even through that period we've been able to deliver the solutions that our customers want. I think that will continue into 2024. We do see some early activity in capital markets, but I think the way the full year will play out is yet to be seen. For us going into the first quarter, we see more challenging comps. So we'll see a little bit slower start to year than we'll see towards the back half of the year. I am cautiously optimistic that as markets stabilize that presents opportunity for us. But we want to be careful, because our largest customer sets continue to be under pressure. You see that in the news every day. As we go into the beginning part of this year, we want to see how that ultimately plays out, but we feel pretty good about the guidance range we've put out.
Adam Kansler: Tom, thanks for the question. We're very excited about the early responses on ChatIQ. That's a tool that lets our customers get into our Desktop and get back actionable insights lets them actually click through directly down to the source documents on what's one of the most robust data sets available to financial markets and corporate participants in the world. ChatIQ, very exciting. We are out with a few pilot customers. We'll start to release that out more broadly to our customer set over the course of 2024. But it's also not the only thing that we're doing with generative AI. You may have seen a press release in the last couple of days. We've actually launched now widely available to customers the ability to use generative AI to search in the S&P Global Marketplace, which is the place where you can go and look at all the data sets available across all of S&P Global. We're using generative AI to allow people to query into those data sets to get broader understanding of what's actually available through our company. We're pretty excited about that and early responses have been positive. You'll also see releases from us during the year things we're calling RegGPT, some other tools around our ratings related data that we deliver through Market Intelligence to allow our customers to probe into that data and get quick responses that help increase the speed within their own workflows. You'll continue to see this across the course of 2024. We're very focused on making sure we release things that are actually useful to our customers enhance the value proposition of what we're delivering to them and ultimately embed our solutions more deeply into their workflows.
Adam Kansler: Sure. Just commenting briefly on margins within Market Intelligence. We do expect to continue to see expansion as we go into 2024. It's important for us to keep balancing the need for continued efficiency, looking for where we can operate more effectively and continue to drive margin expansion. We expect to do that on course to the levels that we laid out in the 2022 Investor Day, but also balancing that with making the right investments to drive the increased top line growth that we also expect to deliver as we get towards those target dates that we laid out in the Investor Day as well.
Adam Kansler: Thanks, Alex. Confidence level, high. We set those targets for 2025, 2026. I think we're well on track to get there. Even in this current year, while coming in behind our goal, we're still right near the very bottom of that 7% to 9% growth range, right? We delivered a 6.9-or-so percent year. You've seen in our guidance like we'll continue to push towards that. You identified actually a couple of the important factors. That synergy growth will continue to build. And we always said, we start to see the real impact of that in years three through five and that's the period that we're just starting to enter. So, you will see that continue to be a factor. The second biggest factor is, we've gone through in 2022 and 2023, one of the toughest macro environments that we've seen, particularly for our customers over the last certainly five to 10 years. So, as that macro environment improves, conditions for that customer that improves for us. It also sets us up to continue to accelerate towards those growth levels. Even through that challenging period, as I mentioned, we're delivering actually pretty close to that range and on a pretty straight line path into it and pretty high confidence that we'll get there.
Adam Kansler: Great. Thanks Doug and thank you for the question. As Doug mentioned, we do think generative AI has a transformative potential across almost all of our products. Remember we are one of the largest data providers in the world. And the one thing we have is a highly trusted, highly developed accurate set of data across our businesses whether that's in Market Intelligence or the other divisions of our business. We're also deeply embedded in the workflows of our customers. The combination of those two and when you really understand the power behind generative AI to unlock the potential in massive data sets that may correlate to each other, may have unique insights and the ability to process through that in a very rapid time frame. For us thinking about portfolio monitoring workflows, research and insights, credit assessments, risk assessment, looking across broad sets of data for insights and what's developing in various sectors or regions or how it could impact the portfolio. Those are all opportunities for us for making the data sets and workflows that we already provide today to our customers all the more powerful. When we look at the opportunity set in front of us and even just our product launch sheet for 2024, we're pretty encouraged that we're well-positioned to take advantage of the technology, increase the penetration we have with our customers and expand the kinds of services and insights we're able to give them efficiently. That also increases the efficiency of their own internal workflows, which obviously comes with significant value. We'll see how that all materializes and how we're able to monetize that. But we do think it's a tailwind for us.
Adam Kansler: Hi Heather, it's Adam. Thank you for the question. So through the fourth quarter in particular, the places where we saw cancellations were actually in our smallest customers, right, customers under relatively low threshold. Our larger customers while under pressure due to a range of macro reasons, those are places where we have opportunity in a vendor consolidation initiative, where those customers are looking to consolidate the number of vendors they work with given the scale and scope of relationship that they have with S&P Global that often presents opportunity for us. And accordingly, we saw much stronger renewal rates in that group of customers than we did amongst our smallest customers. I think the other places where we see pressure is discretionary spend, where customers have a decision, whether to undertake a consulting project or a new initiative. Those are places where customers have been a little bit more hesitant into the fourth quarter. And we're hopeful that will continue to stabilize as we get into 2024.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Ashish, this is Ewout. Thank you for giving me an opportunity to answer a question during my last call. Coming back to your point about OTC, obviously, if you look at AUM fees in the fourth quarter, you say, hey that's strange, why is it flat where markets are up so much? And we see two underlying dynamics that go in opposite direction. So, as we have always said in AUM fees, there's many things that go there into the mix. There is mutual funds there's OTCs and others. Actually if we zoom in on ETFs, it's up about 8% in terms of fees. And that is helped by market depreciation as well as very strong inflows that we have seen into the ETF area but offset by OTC volumes that were down period-over-period. OTC volumes can always be a bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter. So, I wouldn't read too much into it. This can really change again the following quarter. So, overall, I would say this is a normal trend that we are seeing here. With respect to the assumption for 2024, first of all, the assumption is that AUM is up at mid-single-digit level. The ETD volumes low single-digit increase, and then the subscription growth at a double-digit level for the Index business for 2024. Those are the assumptions. Thank you, Ashish.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yeah. Thanks Jeff. So let me explain what is benefits realignment. So benefits realignment is that we brought as of January 1, 2023, all of our employees across the world to the same benefits package, because we think it is fair that we should treat everyone the same in every country around the world. So think about the medical plans, think about the retirement plans. We have made estimates about the expenses for 2023. And for the first three quarters, the expenses came in exactly in line with our expectations, but they exceeded the expectations in the fourth quarter. And benefits costs are always not 100% certain because just to give an example, the medical costs in the US were self-insured. So they can be higher if we have higher medical claims or the matching for 401(k) contributions can be higher. So we're seeing this more as a onetime step-up cost and that should be in our baseline going forward from 2024 onwards. Your second part of your question about the tax rate, we saw in 2023 a bit of a benefit in the tax rate in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And then we are seeing some upward pressure in the tax rate in 2024. So to expand on that on the third quarter of 2023, we had some favorable new guidance with respect to the utilization of foreign tax credits. And then in the fourth quarter, we had the conclusion of certain state tax audits that led to some reserve releases. So it brought the effective tax rate a little bit down in 2023 compared to a normalized level. And what we're seeing in 2024 the implementation of Pillar 2 global minimum tax in several jurisdictions as well as the UK statutory tax rate is going up. So 2024 is I think the right level to think about this. Where tax rate will go from a longer-term perspective is really hard to say because it really depends on government finances and where that will go around the world in the future. Thank you, Jeff.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes we brought up incentive compensation accruals in the fourth quarter. And that was driven by the strong top line performance from both the Ratings and Commodity Insights. So, for the total year 2023, our cash bonus incentive accruals are now ending up at a level above 100%. What we always do, when we do planning is to reset cash bonus incentives back to 100% from a planning perspective for the next year. So, for 2024, in the plan is embedded a 100% payout of our cash bonuses.
