Douglas Peterson: Hi, Owen, this is Doug, and thanks for joining us today. Let me start, first of all, by mentioning that within Market Intelligence, Credit and Risk Solutions has always been a long-term outperformer. It's an area that we see very high demand from the markets for information about credit risk and other types of risk, especially in this market. As you know, the core products in this area are the basic products that are providing information from the Ratings business. So things like RatingsDirect, RatingsXpress. We also have a suite of products like Credit Analytics. And we do see a lot of growth now related to credit climate analytics. This is an area where we're seeing increased interest and demand, especially from financial institutions, especially large global banks.  In addition, we're seeing some other growth from areas like traded market risks some names of, I'll say, ex VA, CCR. We have a VAR product, et cetera. And then we have some additional buy-side risk opportunities for clients to look at for market risk and stress scenarios. So if you look at the entire suite of products, we're able to provide the market information at the time when they really want to understand risk.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. Thanks. On the private markets, as we saw earlier this year, there was a retreat of institutional investors and retail investors from credit funds. So there was really no liquidity at the beginning part of this year. It was a combination of people that were risk averse and also looking at the shift between fixed and floating. There were a lot of moves in interest rates. So we saw a retreat from the traditional loan funds and high-risk investors that left the markets. That left an opportunity for the private credit funds that had traditionally been focusing on mid-market credit. So SME credit was their expertise. Many of them also had started moving into the higher quality, higher level of risk and large-cap companies. So they were there to fill the gap. The gap was filled by private credit at the beginning of the year. And we know that they've also been able to take on loans with a faster, also with a higher risk level. And so we've seen that increase during the year. Now how do we think about that? First of all, we look at that as an opportunity for us going forward. We believe that the private credit funds will be looking over time to have some sort of risk transformation, whether it's related to fixed floating or it has to do with securitization or syndication. We think at that time, they're going to be wanting some Estimate services, potentially Rating services. In addition, we've identified private credit as one of our most important strategic growth drivers. We already have a base of private credit businesses that were part of IHS Markit. And related to that, we have a strong starting point with products like iLEVEL provides information to portfolio managers. So we've identified private credit is a growth area for us for ratings as well as for Market Intelligence going forward. And we're watching the trend very carefully. We know at some point, investors will come back to the markets, and we'll see a broadening of the market again. But we've been watching this very closely and are actually interested in this as a growth area for us.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, Ashish, thank you for your questions. When it comes to Mobility, we see that there's a very interesting shift going on over the last couple of years. As you know, when the market started slowing down from the pandemic and the supply chain interruptions, we saw the used auto market really start expanding and we benefited from the CARFAX products and the CARFAX suite of products, especially at the dealer level. We know that there's some counter-cyclicality as you say, it as the market returns to new autos coming into the market and inventories rise that we will benefit from products and services to the OEMs and as well as the dealers are going to start having a different type of relationship again with the manufacturers and suppliers.  So we're watching right now very closely three big trends in the automotive market: what's happening with the used car market where we have a strong position, what's happening with the OEMs and the supply chain for the new automobiles. They've been in historic lows over the last two years. So we expect that's going to start going up. And then there's also a transformation taking place in the industry as more and more vehicles start to become electric based with the drivetrain as opposed to internal combustion. So a lot of trends, which are all play to our advantage because we have data analytics and research products that we can serve all of the users in these markets.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. Thanks, Alex. As you say, we produce a report. And what we're looking at right now is, understanding what are going to be the main factors driving us towards the end of the year. We've given you those in that report as well. That showed that issuance was expected to be down by 19% for the full year, which compared to 16% from our last report. As you know, we will wait to provide guidance for 2023 until February when we provide our full issuance report as well as our guidance for the year. What you saw from the report from our team, our credit research team is product research and it's not necessarily geared directly to how we're going to find billed issuance. As you recall, last quarter, we explained very clearly what is included in billed issuance. We take the -- what would be expectations for issuance overall. We add in leveraged loans. And then we extract some debt areas like unrated categories such as MTNs, most of the domestic debt from China. And we also exclude the international public finance from those calculations to come up with our expectations. But maybe more importantly to your question, we're always in the market.  As you saw, we talked about having had 3,000 interactions with the markets during the quarter. We are all over the market to understand what are the factors that are going on that are driving issuance and will drive issuance. So we do provide our guidance going forward. But we're looking at the issuance forecast, GDP growth, macroeconomic factors like inflation, interest rates. We're looking at spreads, which have been quite high over the last few quarters. Maturity schedules, which are quite encouraging going forward into 2023, '24, '25, et cetera, M&A pipeline. So as you know, at the time we come out with our guidance, we will have looked at all of these factors. But maybe the most important point is that we're not just standing around and waiting. We're very actively engaged with the markets.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, Alex, it's very, very early for us to talk about it. But what I'll tell you is going back to the last comment I made that we're incredibly linked into the markets right now. We have all of our commercial teams are out speaking with our customers. What we're finding is that there's a lot of opportunities for us to start with cross-sell. So our initial early wins have been with cross-sell, selling different products within the divisions and sometimes across the divisions. But we are hearing opportunities for moving data into the Desktop, finding some products for data and research and analytics fit together. So to your point, it's a vision that we have, but it's really early for us to give you any kind of detailed analytics about it.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. Toni, thanks for that question. And as you know, the markets are going through a lot of uncertainty and turmoil. We've never lived through a period where you have an end of a pandemic, a war, inflation, interest rates going up, all sorts of different impacts. I mentioned earlier on the mobility discussion what kind of impact that's had on the markets overall. We've seen this interest in talking about risk. It's a topic which has increased dramatically. When we meet with customers, they want to talk about the external environment. They want the expertise of S&P Global that comes from our entire company to understand what's happening with risk, with markets, with credit as well as equities, commodities. So we start with very broad dialogues. And then we dig deeper into some specific topics. One that comes up in almost every single conversation we have is energy transition, climate and sustainability. That's a really common discussion. It's increasing in terms of how much time we spend on it.  And another one is Data and Analytics. How are customers thinking about their own application of AI, Data and Analytics? They want to learn from us how we're managing S&P Global, but they also want to learn how they can be deploying new types of products and services using more AI. But overall, we have not seen any kind of initial pushback on slowing down a sales cycle. Clearly, there are some markets, as I mentioned, the ratings market, there's not a lot of issuance right now, but we've stayed engaged with the market. But maybe net-net, the big topics we spent a lot of time on the macroeconomic environment, sustainability as well as AI and data. Those are big conversations we have in almost every customer interaction.
Douglas Peterson: There's a few things that I'm focusing on myself, and I know that if we had our Ratings team specifically on the call, they might tell me that there's others that are looking at beyond that. But clearly, there's a set of factors, M&A activity is one for me, which is -- it's kind of an informal indicator. M&A activity has been quite weak recently. Typical M&A has a set of transactions come along with it, may be a bridge loan, which turns into a deal loan, which turns into a bond or rated loan, et cetera. M&A activity has been weak. IPOs is another one. The reason I look at those myself is that those are just their activity, which denotes confidence in the markets that people are willing to invest. But then as you recall, we're having conversations with issuers. We mentioned 3,000 that we had last quarter with issuers. And we see a lot of interest in investing people that have plans for investing in new markets for innovation, for investing in venture capital, ways that they can see new shoots in their own businesses. So we're watching when is it that people actually pull the trigger. And maybe the takeaway is it's not, if it's when. We know that there's a lot of people out there that are ready to go. They have great ideas, but the question is when will those conditions of interest rates, of stability of market confidence, when will those be back when people start going back to the market.  Finally, we do look at the maturity schedules, and we know that there's a point starting towards the middle of next year that there will be maturity schedules are going to start kicking in and we're going to watch that carefully as well. We'll there be pull forward from that, but that's another factor we're going to be watching.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. First of all, let me just give a little bit more color on that. As you know, at the last forecast, we saw that issuance of the non-financials or Corporates would be down about 30%. We now see it down about 35%. And then we see that in Financial Services, they had expected to be down 10%, now down about 14% or so. When you look at the total billed issuance, and we mentioned that it was going to -- year-to-date was down 42% and we're expecting it to be down now 45%, this is going to be based on what we see in the pipeline.  As I mentioned in the answer I gave a few minutes ago, we see that the market itself is quite hesitant. It's not a question of, if, it's a question of when. And we see that during the fourth quarter, what we've picked up from investment banks from issuers directly that right now, they're still waiting to see what the conditions are going to be around economic growth, interest rates and spreads. So it's just based on our forecast, not our issuance forecast. This is based on our market forecast based on people that are meeting with issuers and meeting with investors that the current conditions are still such that people are holding back before they go to market.
Douglas Peterson: Yes, that's a theoretical question, but let me go back and look at history. I know that many of us have been in the market for many years, remember when interest rates were 4%; 3%, 4%, 5% base rates and the markets were incredibly active. I think that we'll settle into a range once there's stability and we understand what the longer-term rates are going to be, what longer-term inflation and growth are going to be. Companies and financial institutions will go back to the markets because they want to invest and grow. We know that organizations like to grow and to grow, you deploy capital. We also look at the trend around the globe where more and more markets are shifting from being banking markets to capital markets.  Right now, in Europe, there's a couple of shifts going on in the support programs that the ECB was providing to the banks. This was very easy, very low-cost funding. They're starting to wean the banks off of those, and they're going to the capital markets to raise more capital as well as to deploy more capital into bonds instead of into loans. So we see this trend of capital marketization around the globe, and we think that's another trend in the long run that will drive a lot of positive tailwinds for the Ratings business.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. We still feel very, very positive, and we're optimistic about the Market Intelligence pipeline. You read every one so about some of the financial institutions here and there that might be slowing down some of their growth, but we're not seeing that in terms of negotiations with clients. But very importantly, one of the propositions of the merger between IHS Markit and S&P Global was to cross-sell the excellent products from both groups to the client bases on the other. We believe that we have a strong diversification of our client base. And as an example, in the IHS Markit businesses, their financial services business was mostly focused on financial services. We're finding that a lot of the opportunities and a lot of our initial cross-sell has been selling IHS Markit products to corporate clients. We think that there is a lot of upside and a lot of opportunity. We are out in the market actively talking with our customers about ways we can bring value through new products, new services through data, et cetera. So right now, we're not seeing any pullback or any kind of major slowdown of our sales activities or pushback from clients.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. Basically, this is a question about pull forward. And we saw in 2020 and 2021 during the pandemic, there was what we felt now was structural pull forward. It was a combination of low rates, but probably more importantly, if you are a CFO of any organization, you were not being criticized for having ample liquidity during what people didn't understand was the pandemic as we went into it.  So we did see a lot of structural pull forward during that period. But historically, I think the treasurers and CFOs of organizations are quite thoughtful and looking at their overall funding strategies. And so the funding is not -- when people look at their balance sheet, it's not only just looking at what they have on what their costs are. But the opportunities that organizations have now are much more complex than they used to be. Securitizations, looking at how they're going to use a maturity transformation, what they do in terms of derivatives. So yes, we do see the balance sheets. We do see that there was pull forward into '20 and 2021, but we know the maturities are coming now. And we think that the sort of tools that corporations have to -- and banks have to manage their risk and their liquidity have really changed a lot in the last 10 or 15 years.  So it's hard to go back and compare to history, but we do know what happened in the last few years, where we did see pull forward, but the upcoming maturity schedule, which starts in the second half of 2023 going forward, in a sense it's kind of what was all the issuance that came after the financial crisis, in 2013, '14, '15. Just think about that huge boom of issuance that took place, that's going to start maturing next year. It was a seven-year, 10-year paper. We see a lot of that will start maturing and that -- we know that, that's going to be in the queue very soon.
Douglas Peterson: Ewout, I just want to add two points. The first is that all of us know that energy transition is on everyone's mind, whether it's a corporation or government, regulator, financial institution. And as I mentioned earlier, almost every conversation we have talks about this. And where else do you want to go to find about -- learn about energy and energy transition? It's commodity insights of S&P Global. We have the expertise. We have the experts that can talk about current markets, transition markets, and we're finding an incredible amount of engagement. We have conferences. It's one of the areas that Commodity Insights excels at. And we see very high demand for people to participate in those conferences and we're now back in person and the attendance is above the charts. But the second point I want to make is that we're launching new products all the time. Just in the last quarter, we launched some new products that were related to energy transition and new ways to find information about markets. As an example, there's -- in the tanker market, we talked earlier in my -- we had one of our points on our slide showed the low-sulfur fuel oil market, which we -- I remember on an earnings call about three years ago talking about when we launched that and now it's become a benchmark in the market. But in addition, there's things like the carbon accounted tanker rate price assessments, there's interest around the world for understanding freight emissions and what would be under the EU emissions trading system. You're going to need to have much more information for every single tanker and what is its carbon output, and we will have a product for that. As an example, there's a whole information that's needed in Brazil and India and Turkey on energy certificates in emerging markets.  And then finally, we have some examples. Recently, as you know, in the United States, there was the new climate bill, which was issued by the United States, by the Congress. And we've done very special research which is really industry-leading about the clean energy procurement and what that's going to mean for industry. So when it comes to energy and energy transition, we’re the place you want to go.
Douglas Peterson: Shlomo, we're not really trying to call a bottom or a top to the market. We are also not providing any guidance or outlook for 2023 at this time. As I mentioned, we've been very engaged with the markets with issuers and investors. We're also -- we have world-class economists and experts that are providing us with input. So we're looking at all of that, what you just discussed, but we're -- there's no -- we have no ability to actually call a bottom.
Douglas Peterson: Well, that was the last question. So I'd like to make a quick closing comment. So first of all, thank you, everyone, for joining the call today for your questions and your support. But I'm really pleased with the progress we've made since closing the merger. It's only been 8 months. And we've been able to unify our management team under a strong vision and set of purposes and values. We see strong commercial success. You heard about it on this call, our cross-sell and our product innovation, and we're ahead of schedule to achieve our cost synergies. And all of that in a challenging macroeconomic backdrop where we discuss some of those topics today.  But we also have very important secular trends that are creating opportunities for S&P Global: the energy transition, the continued interest in climate and sustainability, the need for analytics and insights in very turbulent markets. So we're very pleased with our progress, and I'm excited that we'll be able to share more with you on our strategic vision and our multiyear targets at our Investor Day on December 1. But let me end by thanking again our people who are absolutely fantastic, they're world-class. And I want to thank all of you again for joining us on this call today. Thank you very much.
Ewout Steenbergen: Ashish, if you look at the outlook, as you know, we are not really providing quarterly guidance. So we're not really speaking about the quarterly outlook for either our financial results or some of the input variables like issuance. But of course, if you look at the numbers that we put out today, then if you would do a backward calculation, you would assume that the most recent trends we are seeing in terms of issuance is what we expect to continue also in the fourth quarter. So, definitely, that’s the main reason why we took our guidance down. I would say that's the only reason, because overall the impact on our results from a top line perspective is about $200 million reduction in revenue outlook for the Ratings business, so about $0.50 of EPS. And then there were a couple of smaller things. But net-net, I think that's the main driver of why the EPS outlook is down for the full year.
Ewout Steenbergen: Toni, you're right. We are quite pleased with the overall expense discipline of the company in the third quarter. You've heard us announce last quarter that we're taking additional actions to deal with the macro environment and we're actually really pleased how that is playing out, and you may continue to see that kind of a result from us going forward across the company. And of course, we take the benefit also from the cost synergies that we can implement and accelerate during this period. So if you look specifically at the Ratings business, it is a mix. On the one hand, we continue to make sure that we invest in future growth, making sure that we stay competitive on a compensation perspective. We want to preserve the capacity we have on the analytical side.  But on the other hand, there are also discretionary costs that we are bringing down. There are allocated costs that are benefiting from the synergies that we are realizing across the company, and then also incentive compensation is down year-over-year. So it's actually a balance of different elements that go into the mix. But definitely, as you have seen in the past, we're always focused in terms of trying to preserve margins in our business businesses as much as possible, particularly in more challenging macro environments.
Ewout Steenbergen: Jeff, we are always aspiring to improve margins across all of our businesses. So mobility is not an exception to that. That is because of the fact that we're focused on operating leverage. We always like to see the top line growing faster than the expense line. And of course, aided then by strategic investments to aim for future growth as well. What we are seeing in the mobility business is really a positive overall environment that helps and is very supportive for the business, particularly with low inventory levels, we see margins high for the OEMs and for the dealers and that is driving high retention rates. The offset of that is that we see lower spend for sales and marketing products that we are having, and that's because of the same factor that the inventory levels are low. So you could say there's a kind of an inherent hedge in that business. If the market starts to turn, if we see that the demand supply starts to shift in the car market, then we would also see those different revenue streams moving in opposite directions. But we think that with that, we're insulated from our overall financial impact, and therefore, we can continue to focus on margin expansion as well.  And as Doug mentioned before, we also are taking a benefit from used car markets, and that has been proven to be quite resilient the cycle. So yes, overall, we are really happy with the growth of mobility, the margins, and we would see that continuing going forward.
Ewout Steenbergen: Greg. Well, we are always very careful when we speak about pricing in isolation because, first and foremost, we start with customer value. What do we deliver for our customers? And the good news is that based on the very high value of our products and services, we should be able to pass on cost/price increases and to achieve more favorable contract terms and fees over time at renewal. Of course, it depends on facts and circumstances of each and every product, each and every customer situation and of the situation of each and every of our businesses. But that is our overall philosophy. I can't give you specifically a number for across the company, how much price increases are up compared to previous periods, but there are definitely areas where we are looking at price increases or have already implemented price increases that have been higher than in the past. But again, that all has started with that there is a good balance with the overall customer value that we are delivering.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Manav. We recognized that the third quarter revenue growth of the Desktop was below our normal growth potential. But you have to look at it from a particular perspective that there is always some timing of revenue recognition of certain contracts. That was particularly impacting this quarter, but we expect the Desktop growth to normalize again in the fourth quarter. Also for Market Intelligence, in general, if you take out the volume effect of the capital markets business, and also FX, then the overall growth for the full quarter was north of 7%, and we believe that's more indicative of the normal growth opportunity for Market Intelligence as well.
Ewout Steenbergen: Well, Manav, that is directly correlated with the overall economic environment, capital markets activity, debt issuance, M&A environment. And we have, of course, seen that the beginning of this year was still relatively strong, and it started to deteriorate somewhere from March onwards. Non-transaction revenue is usually quite stable as a revenue stream. We have two particular areas that are mostly sensitive for the more general macro environment. This is initial credit ratings. We don't see a lot of new issuers coming to the market. And then rating evaluation services, this has a correlation with the M&A market. These are issuers that are thinking about IPOs, spin-offs and so on, want to have some kind of an insight in terms of implications for their ratings. So obviously, those are revenue streams that will come back once the markets start to turn. The more stable elements in non-transaction are around surveillance, around frequent issuer programs. And then most notably, I want to point out that CRISIL is doing very well and is supporting the non-transaction revenue in that category.
Ewout Steenbergen: Jeff, you're absolutely right that the used car market is a significant component of the overall revenue stream for the Mobility business. And the good news there is that it has been a very resilient market through the cycles. So we're not overly concerned about if the cycle in the car market start to turn that it will have a material impact. And as I mentioned before, we have other revenue streams actually that we expect to pick up if the equilibrium in the car market start to change, particularly about our sales and marketing products where we have seen relatively lower growth in the more recent past. The mobility business in general is a phenomenal business. There's a lot of innovation, a lot of new product developments, a lot of good support for our customers. CARFAX is really a gem from my perspective in terms of growth and in terms of innovation and new business activity, very close to the customers, a lot of new business launches and new product launches. So I think this business is in a very good position, and we would expect -- also if the car markets start to turn and go in a different direction, that we see continued good performance from this segment.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Let me start with giving you an overall perspective on the Commodity Insights business and how it's doing in the current environment, and then I hand it over to Doug more for the energy transition and climate part. So if you look at the overall macro environment, it's very supportive for the Commodity Insight business at this moment. Definitely, where commodity prices are today is benefiting most of our customers. And therefore, we're seeing also, I would say, based on the very attractive proposition of the combined businesses that we have now brought together under the Commodity Insights segment. We're delivering a lot of new opportunities to our customers. And therefore, we have seen really one of the best sales momentums in this business. If I look at actual sales levels, this will probably one of the very best years for the last maybe a decade or so. So very positive trends that we're seeing that is helping Data & Insights that is helping price assessments.  The Global Trading Services business was a little lower this quarter. The main reason there is that we're lapping more difficult comps. But generally, we also see elevated hedging activity on commodity prices, and we're also benefiting from that as well. And then if you look at the upstream business, there, we have seen a turnaround. That was a business that for many years was in a more difficult period. But clearly, our customers are healthier there as well. We see larger CapEx budgets for those customers, and that is helping that business to grow. And we said in our prepared remarks that if you take out the effect of Russia, on a constant currency basis, actually the subscription book of business in the upstream business was growing during the quarter. So overall, very favorable macro environment for Commodity Insights, and that is clearly helping the business this quarter and also in the next couple of quarters.
Ewout Steenbergen: Faiza, yes, we're seeing the largest benefit from cost synergies and revenue synergies in the Market Intelligence division. That's because it's the largest division. It's also the largest combination of different businesses that we're bringing together. And also based on the size of that division, it will also benefit, of course, from a large part of the synergies that we're realizing in the corporate center and the allocation of those costs down to the divisions. What you see is, in general, that we continue to invest in Market Intelligence for future growth. So you see new product launches continuing strategic investments in new areas and initiatives. That was already touching on private credit, private markets, ESG investments we're having there as well. We're having expansion still continuing in China, in the marketplace and many different areas that we are continuing to invest as well as cloud expenses. We're also continuing on our cloud journey and Market Intelligence is continuing to invest there as well. But then the opposite factors, there are some of the expense reductions, the expense discipline and the synergies and the combination of all of that led to the significant margin expansion in Market Intelligence.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, overall, not so much of a different trend we are seeing in Europe compared to other parts of the world. I understand the background of the question because definitely, the economic outlook in Europe is, of course, quite difficult given the inflation levels, given, of course, the close proximity to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. But overall, from a customer dynamics perspective, overall in terms of commercial activity, we're not seeing a significant difference compared to North America or Asia.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Most success so far, we see in our largest divisions that we're bringing together, Market Intelligence, Commodity Insights in the Index business. It's mostly cross-sell at this moment, which was as expected because cross sell is the introduction of one product group to existing customers and making sure that we can sell new activities there. For example, in Market Intelligence, we had a nice sale of KYC, KY3P product to an existing customer that was more a customer from the legacy S&P Global side where we could sell a product from the legacy IHS Markit side. So just as an example, so we see -- continue to see good cross-sell. At the same time, we're investing in new product development, in system development that will help them with that growth wave going forward. So it's still early, I have to say around revenue synergies, but we are clearly ahead compared to our original expectations.
Ewout Steenbergen: Overall, no change with respect to our capital philosophy, capital management targets. We think consistency and reliability there is the most important, particularly in this environment. You have seen us continuing with the $12 billion ASR, even despite that we have seen some impact of the current environment on the rating issuance levels we are able to execute on our plans this year. And you may expect the same from us over the next couple of years. So at least 85% of return of capital to our shareholders, a combination of dividends and share buybacks, dividend payout ratio between 20% and 30%. And M&A, the focus is really on small tuck-in and bolt-on, where we see that we can add a nice capability to some of our core strategic focus areas, but nothing large because we first, of course, need to focus on the integration of the large merger and organically building out our businesses. So no changes at all, and we think that is actually the right approach.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. This is the new run rate with respect to the interest expense on our debt. We were very fortunate with hindsight that we refinanced a large part of the debt at the beginning of March when the 10-year U.S. Treasury was around 1.73 at that point in time. So we are very happy that we locked ourselves in with long-term debt at very low levels. And actually, if you look at the average cost of debt for any player in our industry, we're at one of the lowest levels. So yes, this is the normalized level. If you look, though, at the interest expense line, there's one point that I want to make, it's a net number. So we're generating more interest income on our cash balances. So that is helping us a little bit and obviously, that might fluctuate over time.
Ewout Steenbergen: Shlomo, obviously, we are exposed as everyone else, to increases from an overall labor market perspective and comp expectations, and we need to stay competitive in order to attract and retain the best talent. So let me expand a little bit on that answer. So about 60% of our overall expense base is people cost. And obviously, we have people across the whole world in many different job groups and categories. It's not a one-size-fits-all. We see more competitive situations in certain markets and jurisdictions. We see it more in certain job groups. And we are continuously making sure that we stay competitive from an overall comp perspective. And we will continue to do that. So we're definitely expecting to see also some of the changes over the next period flowing through our P&L. But at the same time, we are also taking advantage of a lot of levers that we are having and maybe levers that are given to us through the merger.  So we have, of course, the opportunity to realize cost synergies and reduction of headcount is an element to that. So that goes in an opposite direction as well as synergies, cost synergies around real estate, around procurement. And then as you see this year, given the performance of the company, also incentive compensation costs are down and we gave you the overall impact of around $120 million to $140 million. So it is a bit of a mix. On the one hand, staying competitive from a labor market perspective; but on the other hand, using a lot of levers in order to offset the overall impact on our expense line and on our margins.
Ewout Steenbergen: Andrew, as you understand, we're not giving quarterly guidance, so I can't give you numbers by quarter by segment margins. But what we are, of course, trying to do is if we give you a full year picture, we give you a full year outlook, then of course you can backwards calculate what is the expectation for the quarter itself. I do want to point out that the third quarter in general is the lowest quarter for us from an expense perspective. That is due to seasonality. The fourth quarter is higher. But you have seen that in previous years as well. So from a trend perspective, there's nothing different than what you -- that you should have seen in the past. But sequentially, you should expect expenses to roll out. Again, that is normal seasonality.
