Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay, thanks, Jack, and let me turn it to Don Rubin who will moderate our question-and-answer session.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Now look, in terms of the most important aspect of the Growth and Value Plan, in terms of developing these 2 powerful dynamic stand-alone companies, is to get the cost structures right for both of them. And that's what we're working very hard on. As Jack was talking about, the biggest area in the issue are the shared costs, especially in terms of some of the corporate expenses and the IT expenses. And so as we get into those and breaking those down, we'll see. And I think that going into this Growth and Value Plan saying at least $100 million is the right thing. As we get through the work streams in terms of the separation, we'll see what's what on that one. We get a lot of questions. Could it be $150 million, could it be even higher and all those kind of things. We're going to do whatever it takes to be able to get the right cost structure so that from a value standpoint, we're getting the recognition for that. So I think just saying at least $100 million at this point is the right thing to do. But again, we will keep you updated on our progress as we go.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: And Craig, yes, as you know, of the 4 uses for our free cash flow, the comments on dividends and share repurchase, those are very important to us on one hand. The other is that on the McGraw-Hill Education side, organic growth is going to be very important in terms of some of the digital transformation and all the progress that we're making on that side, which is very exciting. Transactions probably more on the McGraw-Hill Financial side.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay. Again, in terms of market share, Peter, the only area that we’re impacted a little bit is on the structured finance side. And I would see as that starts to pick up and we hope for some more recovery, not just the asset-backed area, but as we see probably more on the commercial mortgage-backed market a little bit -- I think residential mortgage-backed is going to stay softer for a while -- that that would improve a little bit. But on the other areas, we're in really good shape. As you asked on 2012 and the start of the year, again remembering that the first half of last year was so strong and the second half was weaker, we're starting on a weaker demand pipeline at this point. Obviously, the refinancings and some of the infrastructure financings that are going on are going to have some pickup in all of that. We'll have to see as the year starts to unfold. But I think that from an activity level overall, the market activity is a little softer getting started. Longer-term targets on margins really are going to be influenced more by the cost basis. Increasingly, as some of the legal and regulatory cost issues subside, I think that we will definitely see margin improvement on that part. But we're very pleased with the margin levels that we're at now. But we just think that with some of the expense issues starting to subside that, that'll give us some benefit.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, I think so. And obviously, as we complete the joint venture with CME, you have a really exciting opportunity with the complementary nature of the Dow Jones Indexes and the S&P Indices. Again, the S&P Indices focused on the institutional investor market and the Dow Jones more retail-oriented, so you've got a wonderful platform in a combination there. And there's endless permutations to the exchange-traded funds that you can develop. And therefore, we're benefiting from that kind of growth and that's why I think that, from an expense standpoint, it's pretty modest and therefore you can expect further growth.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, it's all up to the examination at the Justice Department at this point. We think that clearly by the end of the second quarter, Peter, but hopefully maybe even sooner.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, I think it's probably a little bit more of the latter, but you also have very, very good expense controls there that also helped that issue. But again, the growth of digital product, 40% growth, 20% of our revenues really is there. You're talking about programs like McGraw-Hill Connect, McGraw-Hill Campus, McGraw-Hill Create, LearnSmart, which is the adaptive learning capability in the learning solution business. And now with our introduction of our agreement with Apple, you're going to see an acceleration of that. But the digital transformation is that we've been talking about, working on, investing in is really materializing on that, and that's very exciting.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, and I think, Michael, I think from a forecasting standpoint, it's very responsive, but obviously modest. And what we would hope for is a pickup. We'll see as we go. But comparisons, as Jack says, to the first half of the year are going to be difficult. But not only is it the refinancing number that's a big one. S&P is projecting that between now and 2020, you've got some $15 trillion of infrastructure financing that's going to take place. About 1/2 of that is coming out of Asia, and so those are big numbers as well. And so we're tracking a lot of the bigger pools on that part. But hopefully, we'll start to see the pipeline get a little bit more robust and we'll start to see a pickup on parts of the structured finance as well. And by the way, Michael, thank you very much for your comment about Don Rubin. Don Rubin has been at it for 52 years. He is one of our absolute stars and you are going to miss the heck out of him in all of that and -- but thank you for bringing that up.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Okay. In terms of the spend, as you know, as we talked about the Program Management Office and the 17 work streams, so much work has gone on and so much -- I think we're still focusing on the separation of the shared expenses and to be able to articulate very clear, effective and efficient cost structures for the 2 entities. Clearly, we're talking 2012 and we're going to do everything we can to accelerate this as best we can. As Jack was talking about, looking at early April for the Form 10. Once we get those notions completed, then it's execution of the cost structure. So it will be in the second half of 2012. But every effort is being made to speed that along, but clearly in the second half of 2012. And in terms of share repurchases, well, yes, we did $1.5 billion in 2011 and we're still completing a little bit more of the accelerated share repurchase of the $500 million. We have a little left to go on that. We have 23 million shares authorized left in the current authorization and we'll be watching market activity levels and the like. You know we're very strong on share repurchase and believe in it. And therefore, we're just going to complete the $500 million accelerated portion and then we'll gauge market conditions early on in the year and we'll make an assessment on that. But we're very favorable towards it.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: It's still early on. In some cases, people are still trying to understand CRA 1 and CRA 2 on this one. CRA 3 is not very well understood and what we're just beginning to see is a broader understanding of what some of the issues there are. And the early on criticism of it, I think, is taking its toll. And my sense is that there's going to be sort of a resolution process here where things are going to change and people are going to take on different initiatives. So at this point, it's very early on. But and again, CRA 2 isn't very well understood, so CRA 3 has got a lot of work and a lot of places to go. So we're going to be a part of it and we're going to be putting our comments in, but also you can expect a lot of market reaction. And everybody doesn't want to see the market wounded or unintended consequences associated with that. So I think it's very early on.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Well, again, in terms of the overall, Sloan, the cost reductions and the expense controls on that, we're going to see a lot from that standpoint. The real issue is coming out of el-hi. The funding pressures are there. We are pushing very aggressively on the high school market and where it needs to be. But also, the digital transformation at the Higher Ed is going to be the area that we're going to succeed the most. We're obviously looking at a successful participation in the Florida's social studies area, which is the biggest opportunity coming up for this year. But again, it's going to be expensed, it's going to be competing well in some of the key areas and the digital transformation on that one. But those are market pressures that we're seeing there. The digital transformation is something we're going to continue to focus on.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, I think the -- it's very early on. We have developed 5 programs for the iPad for the high school market. We will double that this year, maybe more on that part. But when you start talking about the introduction of this, you're talking about a huge change in terms of not only the curricula but the distribution and the learning capability of this. We're very excited about this thing. And the $15 price point, if we get the scale and if we get the volume, we'll be in fine shape with this. But it's really early on with this one. This is one that we just announced a couple of weeks ago on this part. But we'll keep this in front of us. But I'm anxious to demonstrate some of this, Sloan, to investors in terms of how exciting this is and all that.
Harold Whittlesey McGraw: Yes, I think that it's going to be obviously mixed and it depends on state-by-state, but I'm looking for very modest participation in the aggregate. Again, the state funding issues in the open territories are the same ones facing the adoption states. And so I think that you'll see some decline there as well.
Jack F. Callahan: I would just add there's a timing aspect to this, too. We're saying exceed $100 million by the end of 2012 on a run rate basis. As we're getting to the detailed plans, we're seeing lots of opportunities, but it may take a little bit longer to realize beyond that target. But we're feeling very good based on the progress that we're making and the discussions that we have underway in terms of the disaggregations of the business.
Jack F. Callahan: For right now, it just includes the Wave 1 restructurings that are part of this announcement. So additional cost reductions would be on top of that guidance. Now how much of that is actually realized in 2012, we'll be back with more detail on that as we go through the year.
Jack F. Callahan: We do have to balance our domestic and international cash. We do have several hundred million dollars that are offshore and we do need -- particularly in the first half of the year, we do need to manage our domestic cash position to some degree. So going forward to this year, we will look for continued tuck-in acquisitions like we have completed over the last few years. And we look to be sure that we want to have the financial flexibility as we move to the separation of separate entities. And beyond that flexibility, if we think that then there's additional opportunity for further share repurchase on top of what is included in the guidance, we will come back and contemplate that as we get deeper into the year and the timing and means of separation is clear.
Jack F. Callahan: Just to add on the margin point, if you guys look at our expense growth in the business this year, I mean the first half of the year was high-double digit expense growth, back half of the year just around 3%. So the growth -- the expense growth is moderating a bit, and I think the actual result was going to depend a little bit on just the way the markets behave and what sort of volatility we see -- we have seen and we know the long-term pipeline looks pretty good. It's just a question of timing.
Jack F. Callahan: Yes, sure. Mike, we've already knocked a few of those off. We already have submitted -- put our letter into the IRS for the tax ruling. That was completed in December. We are very much on pace with the filing of the Form 10. We'd probably target right now, I would say, the first few weeks of April in terms of moving that forward. So we're progressing. I might actually -- I think some of the bigger things for us to sort through are less the sort of regulatory or formulaic pieces of a spin. It's more just the hard work we have ahead of us in terms of disassembling some of the plumbing that connects all the businesses and sorting out how we build stand-alone capability in each business. That's probably the bigger pacing element ahead of us.
Jack F. Callahan: Well, it's what we know that's the overall fundamental demand in terms of the amount of debt out there that has to be refinanced is quite considerable. We know just in terms of companies coming in looking to ask for our update, their company rating to be ready to move is our -- that part of our business is doing quite well. So our sense is the pipeline’s quite good. And then whenever the capital markets appear to open, there seems to be a pretty good flood of interest into the market. So what makes it challenging looking forward is exactly when that's going to happen. I mean if you look at 2011, first half of the year was actually quite good, back half really challenging. So that's why we've kind of landed so we've gone back and forth on sort of that mid-single digit, pretty much in line with what we saw this year. Admittedly, it was very volatile quarter-to-quarter.
Jack F. Callahan: And just by segment, while we do, in the plan, consistent with the discussion, we do have a decline in K-12 consistent with what we see in the adoption market. We are gaining sufficient growth elsewhere in the portfolio to offset the decline. And even within K-12, our participation rate this year, it -- we're going to -- that's going to go up a little bit, so we’ll see. But it's going to be a little bit of a balancing act between what is admittedly going to be a weak overall market in K-12 versus the balance of the portfolio.
Jack F. Callahan: Yes, but the declines won't be quite as dramatic, so in mid-single digits. Overall, I do think -- and our hope is that 2012 now overall between both the new adoption, the open territories sort of is a new base on which we can begin to move out to as we move past 2012.
