Douglas L. Peterson: Well, thank you for the question. First of all, let me just mention that as we've been looking at our overall strategy, we focus on a combination of benchmark, of data, analytics and research. And all of these are different sorts of products which get embedded into the workflow of the users that we work with. So first of all, SNL really is a benchmarking business at heart. If you look at how they produce the information, the proprietary data, and the focus and attention to detail that they provide, it's very similar to what you would look at for a benchmarking business. They're not a traditional price or index or credit benchmark, but they serve as financial performance and operating performance benchmarks for companies and assets in our space. We do look at them in addition to – as your second part of your question about how they would enhance our business related to Platts. They've been building verticals in the mining space, in the energy market analysis. As an example, they've got industry forecast curves and proprietary daily spot market prices in the energy market. They have operational statistics on over 5,000 electrical utilities. They've got power plant unit level data. On the mining world, they've got profiles of statistics on all mining projects globally. They've got customized maps. They've got location data, company primary, commodity information, ownership information, et cetera. All of that is very similar to what Bentek does, and very complementary to Bentek and Eclipse in the natural gas space. And so we see a lot of excellent fits in ways that we'll be able to leverage their database and their relationship. So I think that we want to make sure that you get more and more data about who they are and who their customers are, but you'll see over time as you get a chance to learn about them, that they've diversified incredibly well beyond their traditional investment banking portfolio.
Douglas L. Peterson: Let me start, Bill. This is Doug. Well first of all, one of the things we've been impressed with at SNL as we've gotten to know them is their ability to run a very tight operational shop and how they've got ways that we can work together, as Jack showed on that map, in their operating centers around the globe. And then second, as you saw from the chart, they've got 91% of their sales today are in the United States. And we have a sales force and penetration globally that we think that we can get a lot of synergies from there. But let me hand it over to Jack for some more detail.
Douglas L. Peterson: Andre, good morning. Thank you for the question. We continue to believe we have flexibility to pursue what we've always described before as our asset allocation between investing in organic growth, smaller tuck-in acquisitions, continuing to pay our dividend and also repurchase shares. We, as I mentioned earlier, we're focused on benchmark businesses, in particular, how we can also enhance those with high quality data and research businesses. So we hope that we can continue to do small transactions like the other ones that we announced this quarter with Petromedia and NADA Used Car Guide. And so it's our goal to continue to add to the portfolio high quality properties over time, but in the sense, we also want to keep a level of leverage so we're also able to always pay our dividend and repurchase shares.
Douglas L. Peterson: Yeah. So Europe has continued to be incredibly weak. There's a combination of factors that I mentioned earlier, the volatility that we saw earlier in the year with the German yields. We also saw some of the negative interest rate issuance, et cetera. We haven't seen too much of a rebound in Europe in this July, although there have been a few reserve Yankee bonds, which have gone to the market in a few financial institutions. But overall Europe investment grade was down 33% and the investment-grade corporates were down 33% in the second quarter. Financial institutions were down 40%. Total Europe was down over 40% and the rest of the world was down 54%. So we saw very strong issuance in the U.S. and investment grade was up almost 30%, although non-investment grade in the U.S. was down 8.9%. So as I've already said every quarter when we have these calls and when I meet with investors is that we don't know what each quarter is going to bring and we have a longer term forecast that, I think, was a combination of refinancing with global growth, with a belief that we have – that Europe will continue to move from a banking market to a capital market overall. In a long run, we will see growth in issuance but we do see quarter-by-quarter a lot of volatility.
Douglas L. Peterson: Well, let me – from the point of view of the trend, I think that what – we find what our users and customers are looking for is depth, and depth of knowledge, depth of data, time series, being able to go back for a long time to be able to understand the kind of data need. As an example, not related to SNL, but when we launched the S&P 500 Bond Index, we put in 20 years of back data on this kind of transaction. So what I would look at is that the type of data and analytics that are required more and more in the market is sophistication. And to have that kind of sophistication, we need to have depth and data and industry-specific information that something like SNL has. So I think SNL has been a leader in this area as well as some of the other McGraw Hill Financial businesses, and you should expect to see this kind of activity from a lot of different companies.
Douglas L. Peterson: So when I've looked at this in a couple of different ways, the main driver of differential in growth is in the United States and it's in the structured finance markets, specifically. If you look at the issuance during the second quarter, as I went through them, the largest growth in the United States was in the investment-grade corporates and in public finance, which we continue to perform very well in. And then the only sector where there was growth in the United States in structured finance was in CMBS. And as you know, we are temporarily not involved in conduit/fusion in CMBS and that's the main differentiating factor that we've seen when we look at our competitors.
Douglas L. Peterson: We're going to continue to work as much as possible on that, although we continue to invest in people and technology. We think that it's important that we automate and update our systems such as our processing systems, I mentioned The Way We Work (61:35), Dodd-Frank. We're also ensuring that we have high-quality publication and publishing systems so that we think that we're very, very pleased with the performance and with the improvement in the margins. We will continue to attack those margins through every different lever we have. But on the other hand, we want to continue to invest to have the highest quality and very high-quality risk management when we look at the way we manage the company. So we're pleased, we think that there should continue to be more progress, but we don't want to overpromise, either.
Douglas L. Peterson: Let me just add as an example in the bank area where they started and the kind of discipline that they're now moving into their other vertical. So if you were to look at the United States banking market, they have detailed information about every branch of every bank in the United States. They can look at the proximity of the different branches and overlap analysis. They can have an analysis of bird eye views and satellite. They can map it. They can look at the markets and the market demographics of every branch. They can look at deposit concentration and deposit growth. They can then add into that deposit rates, auto rates, mortgage rates, asset quality, demographics, et cetera. And so that's the kind of information which is unparalleled, as they built up in that kind of a market and they've taken that expertise and that approach to managing and gathering data and then distributing that, which is a combination of proprietary data mapped with some third-party data so that they really provide something that is quite unique. And they've moved that into other markets and it's very complementary to both S&P Capital IQ and Platts, as we've said.
Douglas L. Peterson: I don't have any comments on WoodMac (01:13:11). What I would say is that we're very, very please with SNL. It's a fantastic business, as I said earlier. Mike Chinn and the management team has built a very high-quality set of businesses and operating procedures. We think that they bring a high-quality operating platform. They've got product innovation and that they can benefit it tremendously from our global reach as well as the operating centers we already have. This is really about SNL today and we're very pleased that we're able to announce this transaction.
Douglas L. Peterson: Great. Well, thank you, everyone. I know this has been a very long call and you might have some more questions, you can get to Chip later. We've covered a lot this morning on our acquisition announcement on SNL Financial. We also were able to go through the quarter, which we think was a very strong quarter from the point of view of margin improvement and continued for us to deliver what we've been talking about in the past. So thank you again, everybody, and good morning.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: At this point in time I don't anticipate that we would exclude the amortization specifically relative to the transaction. However, we will point you towards to let you know what it is such that you can judge the cash accretion that we're forecasting for next year. So we will connect the dots there. I think we have some work to do to close this deal. We have to finalize some purchase accounting, so I would say on a GAAP basis next year the dilution for 2016, please this is the first pass (45:46) view of it, it's somewhere between $0.15 to $0.20. And we'll tighten up that range as we integrate this into our 2016 financial planning and future guidance.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: Yeah. Two points, and maybe let me address maybe cost synergies first and then come back on revenue, because the case is built roughly 50-50. First on cost, I would – we came at the analysis not just looking at the costs of SNL, we looked at the costs across SNL, S&P Capital IQ and Platts. I think when you look across that cost base, the cost synergies that we assumed here are actually quite modest, and there's a lot of overlapping capability as it relates to technology, in some cases data, et cetera. So I think you need to say from a cost point of view (47:43) take a more holistic view of it. Secondly in terms of revenue, there's both near term, what's called medium term and longer term revenue synergies. Some of the more medium term are taking the great products they've already developed, like their global FIG product, and we just have a much greater sales force coverage than what SNL has today. In collective, we just have more feet on the street to kind of expand that, to accelerate their global build out. And then longer term, we gave and we talked. There's a lot of new product development opportunity that's quite exciting both maybe in more traditional S&P Capital IQ space but also as Doug was just mentioning with Platts in terms of the mutual areas of capability that we built out there.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: I mean traditionally, as you'd expect, the cost synergies are a little bit more forward weighting between now and – we have pointed to $70 million by 2019. We may get a little bit more benefit on the revenue side a little earlier because of the opportunities to just kind of take their existing product line through our sales force. And in terms of the specifics for 2016, we'll give you more guidance on that when we do it in the context of our full outlook for next year, towards the end of this year or early next.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: You know I think we've been very impressed with the must-have capability of what SNL offers its customer set and the very sector specific data and analytics that they provide. I think they, over time, they have realized reasonable pricing improvements over time and I suspect that will continue. But I think that – I wouldn't point to anything unusual about pricing. I think it's more what we work on across both our S&P Cap IQ business and Platts. So I think it's very similar.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: There's a chart in the deck that, I think, kind of lays it out over the last few years, I think back to 2012. So on a compounded basis, including the forecast for 2015, the established businesses have been growing around 10%. And then the developing businesses have been growing, I think it's 70%...
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: CAGR over the last few years for an all-in CAGR of around 16%. Now on the established side, it's really a combination of both organic investment combined with selective acquisitions. So you should view the developing business as a combination of both internal investments that they've made combined with some of these acquisitions. And if you look at the timeline, you can see they've been pretty active the last few years adding to the mix.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: No. Let's break it apart. I think if you kind of go within the established businesses – I mean the developing businesses, some of that's been internal investments, some of that's been acquisitions. So depending on the year that's why we kind of classified over a longer term timeframe there a growth of either low-teens to mid-teens depending on the year.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: Yeah. First of all, in terms of we have been doing some selective restructuring in that business and also the team there has done a nice job of sort of re-sequencing on, I think, some of the investments that were underway in the business. And I think that's starting to have some real benefits. I would say though, the margin, close to – there is a little bit of an impact in their margins in Cap IQ from forex. Just about all of their revenue is dollar denominated based and so from an expense point of view, we are benefiting from forex particularly in the pound and the euro. So a little less than half is forex, but the rest is just good performance in terms of expense management.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: And, Peter, I want to add, just as a reminder, is this was a good revenue quarter, so there is the importance of revenue leverage in the margin. So I think while 50% margins are quite attractive, I'm not sure I'd straight-line that, particularly the third quarter, which traditionally is a little bit lower in revenues, but we're overall extraordinarily pleased with the solid progress we've made there.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: Well, this is Jack. I'll take a start and then maybe Doug can add on. I mean I think what's different is if you kind of compare it with S&P Cap IQ, which has sort of broad coverage, SNL has really grown up very sector specific with deep, deep expertise in financial institutions and that's where they really have perfected their model and then what they have by building off that depth, they then have kind of taken that model, then expanded it to other significant industry types that then have provided them the growth. And they're still in the middle of this expansion and investment phase. That's why we're very excited to work with them now to leverage the great progress they've made in taking their financial institutions product globally and we want to work with them with the Platts and the investments they've made in energy and metals and mining, it's kind of collectively continued to build out that very sector-specific deep insight. And they provide some tools that, back to Doug's earlier point about getting all the way down to workflow, that actually will be simplified as far as some of – even simplifying some of the regulatory requirements – some of the regulatory requirements for some of the commercial banks. So they're very, very deep and very much linked into the workflow of their clients.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: I think it would be premature to get into that a little detail on this call, but it's been a combination of both extending their reach and some fair realization on pricing.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: I think you kind of look forward, I mean because their current margins are so impacted by the investments that they're making in the developing businesses combined with the fact that they've made a number of acquisitions in these areas to kind of build them out with – I would probably – I would look forward to 2017 whereas these investments work, which we have spent a lot of time looking at, that we're quite excited about. Once as they start to basically contribute to the profit pool before any real application of synergies, you start to be getting to a GAAP EBITDA in 2017 of around $100 million. And also, to remember this is based on, the valuation here is based on cash not GAAP EBITDA. And they tend to have like 98% of their customers pay ahead. So if you think about it from a rough cash EBITDA, you could add at least on a current run rate around $20 million to that number. So I think that's more the right range to think about, comparing it to what the valuation of the business is. And then we start to layer in the synergies as we start to move forward into 2017, 2018, beyond.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: Most of them – a good number of their deals are multi-year in nature. So it's a little bit of a mix. There's a little bit of maybe the end of the year, but there's nothing overly pronounced in it.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: We've been quite impressed with their overall success in their renewals. And really on a consistent year-on-year fashion, it's really quite remarkable particularly when you consider how they've expanded out from their core strength in financial institutions into new sectors over the last few years.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: Sure. In terms of – we're well on track to – this was our cost saving, I think that's pretty obvious by looking at our margins that the progress that we have made there. And as Doug mentioned, one part of that program was the exit of our old headquarters building, which has been completed over the last few weeks. So we're well on our way to delivering on that target and we may actually – given the very strong margin performance we've had so far, we may be a little ahead of that previous target that we had set to have full realization of the $140 million by the end of 2016. So I think we're a bit ahead, but we'll give a more complete update on that as we approach the back half of the year. And as it relates back to your investment on the five points to six points of investment, that has all to do with the investments they're making in the build-out of the developing businesses. So that's taking the FIG products global. It's building out metals and mining, which is really interesting to us and its synergy with Platts. And they also have some selective software business' capabilities that they offer U.S. commercial banks and insurance companies. So those businesses are growing very nicely at a compounded basis of around 70% over the last few years, and they'll start contributing to profitability in 2017.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: Well, look, I think the way to think about it is their established businesses right now are in the 30% range. They're investing in the developing businesses. So once the developing businesses start to contribute to profitability, frankly they're a drag right now. Overall company margins will start to approach that 30% sort of number over time. So that's the sort of – and then there's also just some general margin improvement in the established businesses. And that's just, the sequence of the build-out of these developing businesses should improve the overall margins of the business over the next two years. Then we would layer in specific synergies.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: Well, I think in our approach, we are – look Mike is now a direct report to Doug. One of the reasons why we're excited about this deal was the quality of that leadership team and we're looking forward to working with them and we're quite comfortable that we're going to have that opportunity over the coming years, so.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: Yeah. The only thing, I think, we would say today is that they've done a very nice job of broadening it out from investment banks and to appeal more to the buy side, commercial banks, insurance and corporates. I think they've done a nice job building a very, very broad reach in their customers that they serve. And they have no significant dependence on any one customer or customer type, which I think kind of gives more to the stability and future predictability of the business.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: It's basically just a step-up from the basis. So it will provide us some tax benefits within the United States, which is just – in a large part, which is our highest tax jurisdiction. And it will collectively give us a couple-tenths of improvement in our overall effective tax rate, which is helpful, so that's how it will come in over the next few years.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: Oh, it's a number of years and this will stay (01:16:47), and that's why you really need to think about it on an NPV basis. I mean this benefit will be with us for about 15 years.
Jack F. Callahan, Jr.: It will be mostly U.S. based deal in terms of cash. That's one reason why we do need to go to raise some new debt to fund the transaction.
