Lance Uggla: Okay. Thanks, Jonathan. I feel very confident in our 2020 guidance as shown by the tight ranges that Jonathan just provided you. Looking forward to 2021, I want to once again break with the traditional practice and actually give you a deep insight into our 2021 planning forecasts.  We’ll look to taking these ranges as we enter 2021 and our starting point for 2021 is that we are going to have a gradual global economic recovery, no further major lock-ins and by major lock-ins complete world shutting down as we have seen in Q2, there may be small regional lock-ins like we’ve recently seen in Beijing, but that will be well managed and very conservative events revenue. Okay.  So top-line, we expect organic revenue growth next year of 7% to 9%, which includes the following assumptions by segment.  So first, Financial Services revenues will return to its longer term organic revenue growth range of 6% to 8%. Strength will continue in Information. We’ll return to our high-single-digit growth in Solutions, which is well supported by strong backlog and pipeline of orders. And Processing revenues moderate back to more normal levels. Transportation, we are expecting to grow in the range of 14% to 16%.  Now this sounds high, but this is well supported by our usual growth of high-single-digits, plus a favorable year-over-year benefit due to 2020 dealer price concessions that were made and the resumption of a more normalized OEM service level.  In Resources, we expect organic revenue growth to be in a range of down 2% to up 2%. And this is assuming continued downstream strength, which we are seeing on a growing portion of our energies division, offset by weakness in upstream as a result of lower 2020 bookings being fully reflected in our annual recurring revenue.  And then finally CMS, which has actually done a great job post-merger and is now expected to maintain itself in mid-single-digit organic growth range.  Okay, let’s take a look at EBITDA. Here the team has done a lot of work in this COVID period but we still expect approximately 100 basis points of margin expansion next year. This will put us within the mid-40s range solidly that we set as our intermediate goal when announcing the merger and we remain confident from this range of margin in our ability to continue margin expansion going forward.  Some of this has come from the illuminated additional opportunities for margin expansion that we witnessed through the COVID period and working from home.  And finally, we expect adjusted EPS growth in 2021 to be in the 13% to 15% range. And that’s 10% to 12% when normalized for the impact of events. So make sure you think about the events and that impacts and that puts us solidly into our 10% to 12% range. But next year, we’ll be 13% to 15% without normalizing the events.  Now as in our 2020 forecast provided on our Q1 call, we are also providing an expected floor to our 2021 forecast. So how are we thinking about the downside to that 7% to 9% scenario? The floor accounts for a potential second lock-down that would be similar in magnitude to the one just experienced.  In this instance, our organic revenue growth would be approximately 5%. So we’d see an adjustment and that’s really about automotive lockdown and adjusted EPS growth would be in the high-single-digits. And that combination of revenue and expense marriage in automotive around the lockdown is now well understood through Q2.  In conclusion, we’d make tough decisions to protect our earnings, growth during this challenging period, which I am pleased the team has done an excellent job on. And we’ve created capacity to invest in substantive opportunities that will enable us to deliver within our longer-term organic revenue range of 5% to 7% for the continuing years to come.  While the world still faces uncertainty, we’ll continue to provide unparalleled transparency into how we are managing the business to help U.S. shareholders navigate these challenging investment times. We are firmly positioned to deliver strong results through this uncertainty, demonstrated by our 2020 tight guidance range that Jonathan provided and the outlook for even stronger performance in 2021.  Operator, we are ready to open the lines for questions. 
Lance Uggla: Yes. Okay. And, Adam is also with me on the call. So, I’ll ask him to add to what I have to say. So, first off, I have to say the Ipreo assets have all performed very well through this period. The one piece that hasn’t have the opportunity to perform well, but is definitely having its increasing share of activities is the equities portion of the Ipreo revenues.  But when you get to alternatives in private markets, the private markets piece of Ipreo is growing in the 25% to 30% range. And when I look at our valuations business, that’s pinned against, that is growing in the 50% plus range.  And so, I really think that our move into alternatives, our team have really taken a leadership role and we are one of a – couple of assets out there that will continue to benefit in that growth in alternatives, as well as the need for the independence around reporting in valuations and the tools that the other marketplaces that are more well developed have established.  Adam, maybe you want to talk a little bit about munis, debt, equity issuance and then the investor services business and how they are performing and the prospects looking forward. 
Lance Uggla: I am going to start and then let Brian add in here in a moment. I would always refer, I referred to actually in the written script I referred to – I think it was within automotive small cancellations. And I don’t think anything significant to discuss. But in the Energy space and really across the firm, I took a stance with the team in beginning of Q2 that look, this is an opportunity.  I just market we’ve got a great reputation to work with our customers. We are going to have some troubled customers and I want us to be at upfront in price concessions and wherever we can increase the price concessions for longer term contracts. And I think the team did really well and where there was opportunities for us to execute longer term contracts and help our customers through a tough year, I think the team did that.  And so, it’s going to have an impact within 2020, but also when I fit in our energy minus two, plus two, I am going to have that now dragging through into 2021 with the benefit coming back in 2022, 2023, 2024, because the contract extensions were in general for, three, five, seven years or longer. And so, I think the team did a great job and it’s exactly what a good firm should do in this environment.  But I don’t actually see any long-term challenges beyond what we’ve modeled. Now within the Permian, and that lack of CapEx, lower energy prices, private equity and lenders looking for higher hurdle rates on their returns, I think there is a continued challenge. And therefore, we modeled that challenge into our numbers.  And Brian, maybe you want to top up that commentary that I just gave with some of your specifics on how you are viewing the energy recovery and some of the moves we’ve made through this tough period. 
Lance Uggla: Now, that’s a story, Brian. I missed that. Yes, so, right now, in our forecast, we put – we haven’t put events returning at the 2019 level. And honestly what, there is some people – if I guess if I was the U.S. President, I’d put full events in for 2021. But in fact, my personal view is that, in analysis with my team, we see some virtual events definitely and some smaller events potentially to come together.  But we haven’t put that back in. And if you remember right, at the time of last quarter when I disclosed some of the challenges with the events, you are talking a $40 million that’s 4% of growth in that division, or 4% of the revenue potential coming back in that division. And I don’t think it’s right to put that back in. Jonathan, do you want to add to that? Just to make sure I didn’t boggle any numbers there. 
Lance Uggla: Good. Thanks, Jonathan. And, I – all I can say is for our teams that lead those events, they are now focused on leading virtual events and I have to say, just go online and catch the CERAWeek conversations and it’s everybody from world leaders to key energy markets thought leaders, Dan Yergin, who, along with Jamey Rosenfield are founders of the CERAWeek.  They’ve just done an outstanding job to make sure we are supporting our customers in the right dialogues. But they are having to do it virtually. And that at a minimum will be world-class at and let’s see what happens. Next question.
Edouard Tavernier: Great. Thank you, Lance and thanks, Gary for the questions. I’ll take your two-parter. On the first part, obviously, we saw a strong drop-off in activity in late March, which lasted through end of April. But since late April, we have seen as you suggested an earlier than expected recovery in both used car sales and new car sales.  At this point in time, the used car sales market is solid. The outlook remains solid for the rest of the year. There is a little bit of pent-up demand that’s supporting us and that we have seen a corresponding increase in the volume of activity at CARFAX in particular. 
Edouard Tavernier: Yes. Great. Thanks for the questions. So what do I see in as in an industry which broadly speaking in a better condition today than it was going into the 2008 to 2010 great recession. And so, the signals that we are getting from our customers, our partners, the OEMs and the suppliers is that they are pushing back discretionary expenditure they are holding on for cash, but they see the market recovery in 2021 and beyond and they believe in the growth of the industry.  So what we are seeing from our standpoint is that along that discretionary spending which would result in one-time revenues this year are being pushed out into Q4 and into 2021. That’s why we see a moderate outlook for the second half of the year, especially driven by the new car business. But we feel good about the recovery outlook in 2021. 
Edouard Tavernier: Right. So, I will start with the end of your question, Ashish, which is the growth of Mastermind. So, we actually saw accelerating growth in the past few quarters until Q1. You may remember in Q1, Mastermind delivered 36% organic growth year-on-year. So really, really strong acceleration and now I’ll pick-up on your first point, which is what is driving that growth?  And it is actually the synergies that we’ve been building between Mastermind and other parts of the automotive organization. So to give you few examples, we now have the Conquest capability in Mastermind that is built using organ safer that we have in our automotive business. We have a service to sales capability in Mastermind that is built using CARFAX and Transient data.  And as you just said, we are launching in July a pre-owned kind of used car capability which is perfect timing for the market, because that is the activity that will support many dealers in the second half of the year and again, we use – we launched this used car capability leveraging assets we have within other parts of the automotive kind of portfolio.  So, Mastermind is a growth story, which is anchored on our automotive data as a foundation and we expect that growth to resume quickly as the market opens up towards the end of this year. 
Jonathan Gear: Well, I think you know that well, Lance. And I’ll just mathematically – it kind of goes back to your point is the year-on-year comp will kind of help us in that point. But I think the key thing as Lance said, we now have a clear line of sight to our own customers about how they would behave in a similar type shutdown.  The impact as Lance said, would be primarily in automotive and we have a view both on how the customers will react and also how we can react and support customers to even provide commerce in a semi-shutdown situation. 
Jonathan Gear: Yes, just to add a couple points, Lance. I think you hit the major ones is, I mean, first, I will say as Lance said, the easiest way to margin expansion is through a top-line organic growth and it what made this year so unusual as we manage to deliver over 200 basis points or will deliver expansion despite the fact it’s a challenging environment.  And to me, it’s really the actions by our teams across the world in addressing cost in Q2 here, particularly the permanent cost, as Lance mentioned earlier on, we actually overshot the target that we had. And overshooting it gave us, obviously first, confidence in this year’s number, but equally it gave us ability to invest more right now as we do in the second half and to initiatives which are going to drive growth and drive margin in future years.  So, that really has, has given us more flexibility than we normally have. But I think as Lance said, I think our focus is on, as we continue to grow with the nature of our business model that does drive through the margin expansion and that we will keep driving until we think we have a – until we tell you otherwise. 
Jonathan Gear: Yes, I’ll go ahead and tackle it, Andrew. So, I mean, the biggest – as you look to the lift, the biggest change is, the biggest change is obviously in Transportation. And this key signal which Edouard covered there is really the recovery of the used car market. And if you recall, we had this call 90 days ago, we talked about the uncertainty about the lock-ins would lock is lift or not and also when they did lift, what was consumer behavior be like.  And I think we’ve answered the second part of that question. The consumer behavior in the U.S. around used car purchases actually was pent-up and so we are seeing this resurgence come back. So that’s driving a lot of confidence we have, particularly around the used car portion of our Transportation business.  And as Edouard also said I think we’ve built in the appropriate amount of moderation around the new cars as OEMs has kind of build back-up inventory and then we should move sites, Financial Services had a very, very strong Q2 as they had a very strong Q1 and they continue to see the build into it.  And the third element within Resources, Brian and the team, I think have done an incredible job of working closely with our customers, particularly in upstream, understanding the risk we have in our portfolio. They are working directly with our clients. And as a result are at a very detailed level, we have line of sight to the revenue build out second half for the year.  So, I think at this point, Andrew, it’s an order in the year where arguably there is most uncertainty. I’d actually feel very, very good right now in terms of our revenue and margin for the rest of the year. 
Jonathan Gear: No, I think you captured it Lance and I just emphasize what you said, we remain committed to our capital policy of remaining under three times, because it’s very important to us. And as we spend, the less on M&A, you have to deploy more on buybacks kind of where the cash goes. 
Jonathan Gear: No, no. You had it right. But it’s that – I mean, I just call out what Brian said, is on the high-end of the range, we assume events coming back strong and on a low-end, we would assume events coming back in a very moderate fashion. So that is a swing item in that range. 
Jonathan Gear: Yes, you always had one point you said at Lance is, in Q2 we announced the event cancellation we talked about $0.09 of EPS impact. That was a result of losing all the revenue while still having all the cost. And as Lance said, I think the events, particularly those three flagships are important to us for branding reasons, thought leadership and [a sense of almost] community within the industries we serve. But financially, the events themselves are frankly not that important to our profitability at the end of the day. 
