Chip Merritt: Thanks, Ewout. Just a couple of instructions for our phone participants. Please press Star 1 to indicate that you wish to enter the queue to ask a question. To cancel or withdraw your question, simply press Star 2. I would kindly ask that you limit yourself to two questions, that’s two questions, in order to allow time for other callers during today’s Q&A session. If you’ve been listening through a speaker phone but would like to now ask a question, we ask that you lift your handset prior to pressing Star 1 and remain on the handset until your question has been answered. This will ensure better sound quality. Operator, we’ll now take our first question.
Chip Merritt: As well as in the indices business, same thing applies. If we eliminate that year-over-year increase in incentive comp, that margins would have been up in indices year-over-year as well for the quarter.
Chip Merritt: Data feeds in Market Intelligence. He’s asking why data feeds in Market Intelligence had been strong, new clients and that sort of thing.
Chip Merritt: And one other thing I’d like to add is that SNL, with all the fabulous capabilities they had, they didn’t have a data feed business. So we mentioned earlier in the call, in the brief prepared remarks, we’re just now beginning to launch some of SNL’s capabilities through our data feeds business within Market Intelligence, which is kind of exciting for our customers.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Manav. This is Ewout. Let me give you a little bit more perspective on that development. If you look at incentive compensation accrual in the first half of 2016, the accrual was much lower at a level compared to the first half of this year, and that was directly correlated with the business and the profitability levels in 2016, which was at a lower level, as you will recall, compared to 2017. So the majority of the difference in expenses and therefore the impact on margins for Ratings year-over-year is driven by that increased level of incentive compensation accrual year-over-year. We expect that to normalize in the second half of this year. So this should correct itself in the second half of 2017, but we see this more as really a timing effect than that it is an effect of absolute expense increase. With respect to headcount, I would consider that more a smaller part of the increase that has more to do with growth of the business, investments in efficiency, technology. You know that we are investing in Project Simplify, which would help the workflow and efficiency of the Ratings business going forward. But overall, that’s a smaller part of the overall expense increase and had a smaller impact on the margin this quarter.
Ewout Steenbergen: Well, let me give you a couple of perspectives what we see happening in the segments. First of all, indeed, we expect to continue with realizing the SNL synergies. We are on track to achieve the 75 million of run-rate synergies by the end of this year. And as you know, we have a total commitment of 100 million of synergies, so another 25 million of synergies to be achieved then post 2017. So we’re very well on track and we think those will help to continue to deliver the margins. Secondly, if you look at Market Intelligence, the business is seeing very favorable growth. I particularly like the 11% growth in desktop users. That’s a very impressive number. It’s very clear that there is a high demand for our desktop products. It’s an attractive product priced at an attractive level, so it’s doing very well in the markets. So a combination of the top line growth plus efficiency and synergies, we believe, overall that should help this particular segment. If you look at the margin improvement of 530 basis points year-over-year, we think that’s overall a very impressive result.
Ewout Steenbergen: This is Ewout. Let me give you some numbers. I’ll give you some perspective on this. You know that in Ratings, we have not really a distinction between subscription and non-subscription. We more look at a distinction between transaction and non-transaction. Transaction was a little bit more than 50% this quarter. That was due to the high issuance levels and the bank loans. So if you look at transaction, it was 394 million of revenue versus 353 million for non-transaction. If you look at Market Intelligence, there as you know the majority of our revenue is subscription-based, so almost 90% is subscription-based versus non-subscription-based. And the same applies for Platts. It’s almost 90% subscription versus 10% is non-subscription. Moving to the S&P Dow Jones Indices. There the subscription is approximately 20% of the overall revenue base. So in other words, it depends a bit segment by segment.
Ewout Steenbergen: Hamzah, the answer on your question is no. We would like to stay investment-grade as we have stated in the prepared remarks. We are today rated BBB+. We have given a specific range in terms of the adjusted leverage ratio of 1.75 to 2.25. We think where we are today is an efficient place to play within the overall leverage curve. So no, there is no intention with respect to going to below investment-grade as a company. On the contrary, we have made an explicit commitment in this capital philosophy to say we would like to remain investment-grade. What we have said is that it could be for a larger acquisition where we will use our balance sheet that we could increase our leverage to be higher than the 2.25 level for a certain period of time, but that we then would be committed to bring our self back into the range in a period of 18 to 24 months. That is usually an approach that is acceptable by the ratings agencies so you don’t get penalized for that as long as you have that explicit commitment to bring yourself back into your range in the period of 18 to 24 months. So that particular situation should not create a situation that we would be downgraded to below investment-grade as a company.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good morning, Alex. Two excellent questions. The first question with respect to the ASR, indeed, if you look at the available cash at the end of the second quarter, we said there’s 500 million of cash in the U.S. and 1.9 outside of the U.S. We’re announcing an ASR of 500 million, but we don’t need to add any leverage to do so. And the reason is, as you have seen, our free cash flow generation in the first half of this year was just over 600 million. We have a total free cash flow generation guidance for this year of 1.6 or more than 1.6, so we expect to generate over 1 billion of free cash flow in the second half of this year. So just the normal cash flow generation over the next period will be sufficient to keep us above the minimum U.S. cash balance. So in other words, there is not a need to add some leverage in order to fund this ASR of 500 million. With respect to your second question, we would say in normal course of business where we do tuck-in acquisitions, smaller inorganic deals, we believe that we should be able to do that with the 25% of free cash flow that has so far not been earmarked as return to shareholders. Plus we have some room between where we are today with respect to our leverage and the 2.25. So we have sufficient room to maneuver with respect to tuck-in or smaller, smaller deals. If we speak about larger transformational deals, as we have said, then we are willing to exceed the 2.25 range and bring ourselves back into that range over a period of 18 to 24 months. In that case, it could be that we need to move away from that 75% free cash flow return target. But then for a period of 18 to 24 months, we bring ourselves back in line with our leverage range. So I would say, normal course of business, 75% – at least 75% of free cash flow commitment to return to shareholders should be absolutely a commitment that we should be able to achieve. Only at very large kinds of deals where we exceed our leverage range, in that case there could be a possibility that for 18 to 24 months, we have to move away from this particular objective.
Ewout Steenbergen: We are not quantifying that but we can reconfirm that indeed excluding the change in incentive compensation, margins would have gone up in Ratings year-over-year.
Ewout Steenbergen: If we look at the expense base of indices compared to a year ago, there are a couple of elements that drive the difference. First of all, this year we have the inclusion of Trucost. You know that we did that acquisition of Trucost last year, so that is an addition that you have to take into account. Secondly, there is that difference in incentive compensation, which we believe is a timing matter and should self-correct in the second half of this year. And then thirdly, as you will recall, last year – in the second half of last year, we added a third data center, so that is a step-up cost that is not in the comparable period in 2016. So again, in the second half of this year, there should not be a difference anymore because that is a onetime step-up cost and that will be in the same period on a comparable basis. So those are the main differences year-over-year. If you look at the business-as-usual expenses, those are going up at a relatively low percentage. So that is what you should normally expect going forward again from the indices expense base.
Ewout Steenbergen: Henry, good morning. This is Ewout. Obviously, I cannot speculate on a scenario like that. But what you should see in terms of essence of our capital philosophy is the following. On the one hand, very significant commitment to returning capital to our shareholders from our ongoing free cash flow generation, so at least 75%. It could be more if we don’t need the remaining 25% for certain growth opportunities. But then to have a prudent balance sheet and a balance sheet that has flexibility in case of a large transformation kind of M&A situation. But of course, we are not predicting that. That is just a prudent balance sheet we think is the right approach for the company. So we have tried to strike a balance in our management – capital management philosophy, and I think that’s the key takeaway you should see from what we have presented to you today.
Ewout Steenbergen: Well, I’m not going to provide you with a specific number on that, Vincent, as you understand. But I think you can understand if we speak about 18 to 24 months of cash generation, the commitment of dividends that we will, of course, not back away from, how much of that in cash is available to bring ourselves back into that leverage range and how much that would mean. So I think you have all the components to calculate that particular number.
Douglas Peterson: No, you shouldn’t be reading anything other into that. As we gave you in the outline of the capital allocation framework, we have a set of criteria that we look at for our businesses to continue to grow and invest. We’re making excellent progress on our performance objectives that we have of growth and excellence across all of the businesses, as you can see, playing out from our product innovation and business innovation as well as financial results. So you shouldn’t read anything into that. We’re always taking a look at what would be ways that we could enhance our growth, whether it’s organic or acquisitions. What you should really read into it is that when Ewout came onboard, we had a goal to refine our capital allocation philosophy. It was something that was taken into account by our management. Ewout’s done a great job getting that done as well as with our Board of Directors to ensure that we’re all aligned on how we want to invest for growth in the future.
Douglas Peterson: Let me answer it from the point of view that we felt that, over time the best driver of our margin improvement has been our growth of our top line. We are still looking towards growth across all of the businesses. We obviously have views about what will happen in the markets related to the European situation, global economic factors. We’re looking at what we think will be the impact of the Federal Reserve and ECB changes to interest rate policy. So top line growth is always going to be one of the most important drivers of that. But let me assure you that we remain committed to looking at how we can run the business more efficiently. There are ways that we can still drive improvement in productivity in our businesses directly. And as Ewout mentioned, we’re doing a lot more at the unallocated expense and the corporate center to see how we can also deliver a more effective approach to managing the companies and how we allocate central expenses. So let me reassure you that we’re committed to continued productivity across all of the businesses.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. Ratings outlook for the second half, well, first of all, in the first half, it was actually a very choppy quarter. It was one where, despite looking at kind of the smooth averages across the board in the U.S.; industrials, financial services, public finance were all down. In Europe, the only sector that was up were corporates. Financial services were down. Asia was down. But what really came through was structured finance. Structured finance was very strong in the quarter, in particular loans and CMBS. And there was also resurgence of activity in Europe of CMBS and ABS. So you saw a real offset on the corporate side, which was weak, offset by structured finance. And then part of what you saw – one of the first slides I presented was the loan slide because loans were a really important story of the first half of the year. The second half of the year, we’ve seen a pretty decent start to the second quarter, especially in loans. Again, loans could be slowing down. And then across the board, we’ve been seeing activity. You know that July and August are always slow months. But talking to the investment banks, looking at what the issuance could be coming, we still look at the second half. And based on the guidance that we gave today, we’ve built in our outlook for the second half on what we think would be a moderately active second half of the year.
Douglas Peterson: So as we’ve said in the past that there’s always downward pressure in this marketplace, but because of the elasticity involved and the massive surge of flows that takes place, you really don’t see it apparent in our numbers. And we think that will continue.
Douglas Peterson: Let me add though that in S&P Dow Jones Indices that about 60% of our revenue is AUM-based. We think – we don’t think of that necessarily as subscription revenue and clearly it is subject to volumes and could be subject to changes in market levels as well as flows into and out of ETFs and funds. But that’s also – AUM-based is different than transaction-based revenue. Once you’ve locked in a contract, those contracts could go on for a long time. So even though that might be categorized as transaction revenue, we think of it – of its own category, AUM-based revenue.
Douglas Peterson: It is an area of upside. Thank you for the question. We’re putting a major focus on that area. We think that it fits well with what is the global landscape of a changing regulatory environment, the kind of risk environment that’s out there as well as the intensity coming from regulators, from shareholders, et cetera, on looking at better tools for managing risk. Our business is substantially different. We have a very different business. We have a – our largest component of that business is the redistribution of Ratings intellectual property and we also have businesses that were developing models and risk metrics as well as some credit estimates, et cetera. We look at this as an area of growth. But from the point of view of a comparison to one of the competitors I assume you’re talking about, it’s a very, very different business mix.
Douglas Peterson: Thanks, Mike. Thanks for the question. There’s always potentially some pull forward, but at the same time once issue – once an issue has been issued, the debt that’s out there becomes outstanding debt. The closest proxy I could give you to a pull forward is discussed in our global refinancing study that was just issued. We looked at the total amount of debt which is outstanding that’s going to be maturing in the next 5.5 years, between now and the end of 2022. The total amount has actually increased. It’s gone up by about 3% since a year ago when we issued this study. The amount of debt which is maturing in 2018 has gone down a little bit, about 3%. So that’s about as close as I could get to of what you could maybe categorize as pull-through or pull forward, which is – it’s maybe there’s a decrease a little bit in 2018 debt. Beyond that, we always see debt maturing depending on different schedules that come in place. We see people making refinancing decisions or new financing decisions based on what’s happening in the markets. I don’t want to go on too long, but let me just mention that our contention has always been that the two most important drivers to issuance are GDP growth. And then also, obviously issuance is driven by spreads. Spreads have been very attractive. The high-yield spreads were at 431 at the end of the second quarter. Our investment-grade is at 162. And both of those came down substantially from a year, year and a half ago when in high yield they’re even as high 836 basis points is the spread. Anyway, so we look at this very carefully. We think that even if there was a pull forward, it gets – it remains in the system. It’s debt that could always be refinanced again at some point. And the only indicator I’ve got – and I would recommend that you speak with Chip if you want to look at that study on the global refinancing study. There’s a slight decrease in maturities in 2018. That’s about as close as I could get to a statistic that could see if there’s any pull forward.
Douglas Peterson: Thanks, Craig. So we have been moving towards that. But the flipside is that we see a very critical part of our business model are those longer-run, long-term relationships. It’s valuable for us to have an approach where some of our fees and transactions are coming in through more stable, long-term relationship approach. But we feel that we’ve built excellent relationships with our customer base. We’re showing how we can deliver long-term value to them. And that overall we think that the mix and the change of how we’re going, we think that there – we could be achieving at some point a stability in the mix. But when it comes to what we deliver, it’s critical that we show our customers the kind of value that we’re creating, the kind of value that we’re delivering.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. So as you saw in the first half of the year, there was a lot of – there was some really big shifts in the mix. We do see pretty active pipelines for structured finance products given the rates, given the spreads. There’s a lot of liquidity. You still have quantitative easing in Europe that is sucking up a lot of assets. So we see a strong pipeline for structured finance. Auto loans have slowed down a little bit. There have been some slowness there, but credit cards are picking up as well as CMBS activities. So on the structured side, on the traditional ABS side, we see strong pipeline, CMBS as well. RMBS, as you know, had a big uptick in the quarter but from such a tiny base that any uptick was going to look like a large percentage. We don’t see in the long run a lot of activity in RMBS until there is a stronger approach to GSE reform. On the corporate and financial institutions side, corporates we’ve seen less activity in the second – first and second quarter than we had seen last year. There is some interest in the U.S. in the – in a couple of sectors. Oil and gas, we’ve seen some pickup there. Financial institutions are going to depend very importantly globally on capital rules and the shift to TLAC. In the long term, the banks are going to have to continue to increase their capital buffers. But there is a slight shift in the financial institutions market in the U.S. towards capital return. So as we see the large financial institutions here move towards capital return, that might temper somewhat issuance of the financial institution sector. Finally, on public finance, our outlook for public finance is pretty muted for the second half of the year. There is no major maturities that are coming up and we don’t see any of the major jurisdictions running out and doing issuance.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. For the – what we saw in the first half of the year in terms of investment-grade, investment-grade was down in the U.S. It was down in Europe. It was down in Asia. And high yield was also down in the U.S., but it was up pretty dramatically in Europe, over 20%. We’re expecting that high yield will – if I look at – I don’t necessarily have a good pipeline call on high yield, but if I look at the rates, rates are still very attractive. The base rate is attractive. Base rate is – even though it’s up over a year ago at around 230, the 10-year yield, the spread is down over 150, 200 basis points, which means that the all-in cost on high yield is very attractive. So if I look at the rate scenario and I look at kind of the growth that’s taking place in the economy, high yield could be an attractive area this year, but so far – I mean, the second half of the year. But so far this year, with the exception of Europe, high yield has not really been that strong.
Douglas Peterson: Well, first of all, let me mention that one of the things that we find has become very compelling about the business model and the combination of SNL and Cap IQ is it allows us to approach a very diverse set of users. We’re able to provide value and bring very interesting analytics and data to financial institutions, to insurance companies, to regulators, to corporates. So we have a very wide group, buy side, sell side, et cetera. We also have a very different type of value proposition for different users. We have risk managers, portfolio managers, bankers, sales people, et cetera. And that kind of diversification across different types of users from a pure user point of view as well as different types of industries has given us the kind of growth that you’ve seen. The reception to our new approach has been very positive. There are organizations which see a lot of value being delivered through our enterprise-wide pricing. We’re still going through an approach to rolling that out. And very importantly, as we mentioned, we have a new Market Intelligence platform, which, during this quarter was previewed with our own internal users. And during the third quarter into the fourth quarter, we’re going to be getting a beta version out to be delivering it early next year. We think that that will also allow us to see the full value of the integration of SNL and Cap IQ. But given the diversification of our client base, diversification of users, the value proposition that we’re delivering, we’re very pleased with the progress.
Douglas Peterson: Let me take that. There are a few here and there. Obviously, you should assume that if there’s something out there, we’re looking at it. And we gave you some of the themes that we would be interested in looking at or adding to our value, whether it’s fixed income, it’s ESG, it has to do with global expansion. So those are the types of themes that we’d be interested in adding to our portfolio.
Douglas Peterson: Yes. Stephen, this is Doug. On Platts, we feel like our 4% growth has actually been good compared to the underlying market dynamics. As you know, the price of oil has been generally low, a lot lower than what people had originally forecast a few years ago, settling right now around $50 a barrel for Brent. We think that compared to what we’ve seen in some of our competitors and other parts of the information market, 4% growth has been good. It’s a combination of new penetration as well as what you’ve seen with renewals. We do obviously always understand that when we provide – when we go into renewal discussions that our customers are going through sometimes tough times and they need to look at how they’re going to manage their costs effectively. And so we have a value proposition that we deliver. We work with our customers very carefully to ensure that they understand that value proposition, provide potentially new products and services, new approach to pricing. But those discussions and negotiations have been going quite well and that’s also reflected in the growth rates that we showed today.
Douglas Peterson: Good morning, Henry. It’s a combination of factors. I touched on a couple of them before. It’s the diversification of our user base. It’s also the ongoing shift to a pricing model which provides an enterprise-wide view. The enterprise-wide view allows us to have a much wider user base as opposed to a per-seat type of a pricing model. And through that, we can determine and show the kind of value that we’re delivering. And organizations understand the kind of value we’re delivering. So we feel that it’s a combination of all of those factors and we’re pleased with the progress and look forward to reporting more as we go through the rest of the year.
Douglas Peterson: I don’t have the numbers to give you. I’d ask you to go back to Chip later to see if we can get you any further details on it. But I can tell you from the point of view of what’s attractive about the data feeds, it’s that there’s definitely a move across our broader customer base towards more automated tools, towards ways to build systems that take advantage of direct data feeds into systems. So think about it as machine-to-machine delivery, where we can provide data feeds that go right into other systems. It’s an area that is growing. We think that it’s an area that the kind of added value that we bring, it’s beyond just – one of the reasons data feeds – I think the better word is it’s highly value-added data that we’re feeding. It’s not raw data. It’s not commoditized data. The kinds of things that we’re providing bring a lot of value that get embedded in the workflow. And data feeds are actually a really, really critical part of our business model because the more things get embedded, the more sticky they become.
Douglas Peterson: Well, thank you very much. Let me just close with a couple of comments. First of all, thank you everyone for joining the call and for all of your questions. We’re very pleased with our strong start to the year, but clearly there’s more to do. We look forward to delivering on our growth in innovation and growth in excellent commitments. We obviously want to continue to drive forwards on productivity and continuous improvement initiatives. And I’m very pleased that Ewout has been able to put in place a capital allocation framework and we will see during the year how we’re going to be talking to you more about that capital allocation framework when it’s live. So we look forward to seeing you next quarter.
