Robert S. Sands: Yes, I would say that we agree with that thesis. It depends, of course, what segments that you're talking about historically, or at least in the last 12 months. We have seen sort of the $5 to $15 segment be fairly competitive, which in our view, necessitated some additional investment in promo this year because our principal goal and strategy is really all about brand-building and making sure that we keep our portfolio healthy, precisely so that we can take advantage of the kind of trends that you were talking about. So we feel pretty good about that thesis, and layered on to our strategy is a pretty robust new product development process of initiatives also designed to continue to enhance our mix and our margins and ROIC as well. So we think that's sort of the combination of the expectation of an improving environment, combined with NPD intended to, as I said, drive mix and margins, is a pretty good formula for success in the future.
Robert S. Sands: Well, I wouldn't really call that baseline performance per se. We've been inclusive of the NPD. I mean, that is very, very strong performance. We probably say that for the longer term, it's fair to count on or to expect more like mid single-digit growth in total over the longer run. But clearly, we're significantly outperforming that due to very strong consumer takeaways. So it is a little hard to predict right now.
Robert S. Sands: I think on -- there's a number of things going on here at a number of different levels. First of all, it's a little bit of success brings more success, especially with our wholesale customers who now I would say have the assurance that they're going to continue to retain these brands as they're going to be partnered with Constellation. As you can well imagine, the rest of the beer business, which constitutes very large portions of their business, is pretty lackluster and down. So -- and our wholesalers are really looking at our business as being the only material business that they have, which is really driving growth and profitability for them for the future. So I would say that they've really gotten behind it in a big way, which from a push perspective, is really driving the continued expansion of the brands at retail. And with the consumer, I'd say number two, our marketing of these brands has been very strong. Our investment behind these brands has been strong. And really, we're seeing sort of better brand health for these brands than we've ever seen in their history. And I think that that's translating to improved and better consumer takeaway. And something that I said in the past that I think differentiates us from a lot of the competition in beer is that we've had a very consistent message to the consumer about what these products stand for, year in and year out, that has resonated with the consumer. And I think that, as I said, that's a differentiating factor versus the competition, which has kind of been all over the place trying to find some hook with the consumer in a market that's been down overall. So look, the better beer market is the place to be. We're the largest player in the better beer market. The consumer is definitely also trading up in beer to more premium products, and we're reaping the rewards of all of these trends as well as our own good marketing and sales execution, and as well as having a very strong distribution network behind our brands in a way like they probably have never gotten behind any brands in the past.
Robert S. Sands: Well, we think that -- look, we don't have those -- those numbers are very hard to really ascertain across the whole business. But to put it very simply, I believe we've got 2 things going for us, which is number one, gains in ACV which are driving growth in the brand, as well as gains in velocity per point of distribution. So put in simple terms, I think that we've got growing same-store sales as well as growing distribution. So you basically are hitting on all cylinders as far as that goes.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, I'd say that we feel very good about the algorithm and we stick by it. I'd say that we're disappointed, we don't feel good about the fact that we're probably a bit behind in achieving the algorithm. But I think as a general proposition, we feel probably more confident than ever as we go into next year and the year after, that we will be able to grow the process in this business. So look, we've been making some calculated decisions to invest behind this business and focus on brand-building and brand health, so that the business stays fundamentally healthy. I think that as far as the wine business goes, we've got the best and healthiest wine business in the industry. I think fundamentally, the category is a great category, growing faster than almost any other consumer staple category, taking share from the other categories. We know that, that is offset to some degree by some negatives around fragmentation and lack of brand loyalty in the same sense that it exists in certain spirits segments and beer segments, but nevertheless, it's an extremely strong consumer segment that has backing of the retailers. We're the major player in premium wines. And I think that Tim Ramey expressed what we believe is going to be the trends for the future. So I think we're going to be able to translate our strong position in wine, not only into sales and market share growth, but into profit growth as well. So we feel good about it.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, so I'll give you a few simple answers to that, which is this business continues to grow nicely, number one. We probably don't see the need for increasing promotional activity in the future and input costs, which were significantly higher this year, will not be significantly higher next year. So the conditions are pretty good for profit growth.
Robert S. Sands: Well, I think the great thing is that historically, there's been very pent-up demand for taps from our portfolio because we've had no draft, and our on-premise retailers have been calling and begging and asking for draft for many years. We didn't have it historically because it was the strategy of the owner of the brand, Modelo, prior to our acquisition of them, to not have draft in the United States. We didn't think that, that was a great position and we disagreed with it, but fundamentally, we didn't have any choice there. So as soon as we gained control of the brand, we've introduced draft, I think it's turned out to be a very good choice and has been completely additive to the business as opposed to cannibalistic, especially given the brands that we focused on for draft. So we don't have any trouble getting draft handles in the on-premise. So it doesn't take much of a strategy, given that it's a called-for item in most cases as opposed to a push-on. Think about the craft business, okay? You're talking about tiny little brands that nobody's ever heard of outside of their city and, in most cases, so yes, that requires a strategy to get people to put taps in on brands that nobody's ever heard of in a crowded and fragmented category. In our particular case, you're talking about the largest import brands that haven't had draft and now have draft that have a lot of consumer acceptance, which in fact, is actually building and growing, and therefore, our retailers are calling and asking for the taps.
Robert S. Sands: Well, first of all, to the first part of your question, NPD is an interesting and tricky business and you don't expect to have 100% success, and NPD is sort of the nature of the animal. You have to have a good pipeline of it to get the occasional successes. And I'd say that true to that, we've got some really good successes. I think that if I was to say what I think is our #1 success right now, it's our brand, The Dreaming Tree, which is our joint venture with Dave Matthews, which we think is going to be a blockbuster brand in a very mix-accretive segment. We've got other NPD which I think is very solid, like our brand, Simply Naked, for instance in the super premium category. We've introduced some new products of late where we're seeing some very positive signs, a product called Besieged, which is a Sonoma product from our Ravenswood winery, which we actually saw a lot of success with. We've got a new product called SAVED, which we're very hopeful for. We've got an on-premise product called Hidden Crush. We introduced a new brand targeted towards millennials in the super premium category called Milestone, which we're seeing some early signs of success. So it's a little early to call. We've had some really good successes. I think, as I said, like Dreaming Tree is our #1 success. And then we've got a lot that we are in the process of developing at the current time and are -- I would say, have seen some early signs and are hopeful that we'll have some good successes in our pipeline.
Robert S. Sands: I think it depends who you are. So as a general proposition across the industry, I'd say yes, because of the amount, even though if you really kind of look at what percentage NPD constitutes of the business, it's been pretty stable in wine for quite a number of years now, at -- running at around 6%. So it seems like there's a lot of proliferation, but it's generally been the case for a long time. Now I think it's depends on who you are, I'd say for the leaders in the industry that have strong distribution relationships and even more importantly, strong key account relationships. The answer is, is that we can get distribution on our new products, and across the total beverage alcohol business, wine, beer and spirits in the United States, there's really only a few leaders in what we call category management. Only a couple. Okay, there's 2 or 3 companies, ourselves and a couple of our other competitors are the only companies that have world-class category management, which really means that we are the leaders in having the relationship of the key accounts that are going to matter for the future. And clearly, there's a shift going on in the business away from smaller liquor stores, mom-and-pop stores, consumers purchasing product at the large chains and mass merchandisers. And I'd say that as a consequence of a larger organization geared against that, years and years of developing those relationships, we enjoy very strong relationships with those key accounts. So we can get the distribution.
Robert S. Sands: No. Fundamentally, the terms of the renewal are very similar to the previous agreement. We think that it's a very favorable agreement, in fact, for both parties. And we expect to see continued great performance from RNDC as we have had over the previous contract. So that's a relationship and an agreement that's working very, very well for both the relationship and a mechanical perspective.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, I think we're looking at good growth in '14 across wine, beer and spirits. Our retail customers, are particularly pleased with our portfolio. I think that one of the interesting things about Constellation, which is an important differentiator is that we're the largest multi-category player in beverage alcohol or TBA as we call it, total beverage alcohol, which means that 2 of the large accounts, we're either the #1 or #2 supplier to them in dollar terms. And #1 is either us or ABI. And obviously, as it relates to our portfolio across wine, beer and spirits, we're providing the growth of being the #1 TBA supplier to the retailer. We're providing the growth, and TBA is probably the most important category in grocery and to the mass merchandisers today. It is not their #1 category, number one. Number two, of the major categories, it's the only growing category from both a dollar, top line and bottom line perspective, and it's providing much, much more profitability than any of the other major categories basically in grocery. And what are the other major categories, right? CSD [ph], cigarettes and dairy. So -- and TBA is #1, and we're either #1 or #2 with all the major players, right? Costco, SUPERVALU, Kroger, Safeway, so on and so forth. So -- and then, as I said, there's a shift that's just going on in general towards those kind of retailers for beverage alcohol. So, we're in a pretty good place.
Robert S. Sands: Right now, we anticipate completing the project on time, and we would handicap it as a low probability that we will not be able to finish the project on time.
Robert S. Sands: I would say that the supply is balanced, is the way that I would describe it. I would say it's actually, over the last couple of years, depending on exactly where you're looking at, it sort of tips to slight undersupply. We've had a couple of decent harvests, which have, I'd say, tipped it to what I would call pretty much balanced. In the areas that matter to us, I would say that we're not expecting an oversupply that would drive lower pricing or higher promotion in the future. I think that we see a pretty balanced situation. And in fact, this is a general proposition, the way the wine business is growing overall and sort of given the level of plantings, especially, if we're talking about the United States. Things will continue to tip more towards undersupply.
Robert S. Sands: I would say that we are hopeful. I think, first of all, I think we had great terms -- we have great terms to begin with, but I would be hopeful that there's room for improvement. Generally, that's going to be win-win for both parties. I mean, as we renegotiate these parties' contract, both parties look at the agreement to see what's working, what's not working, and adjustments are made to enhance the relationship for both parties. It's really the nature of it here, especially with wholesalers. It's not a one side can exact some kind of extreme favorable term out of the other side for no reason. But yes, we expect that there will be favorable enhancements to our agreements.
Robert S. Sands: Well, thanks for joining our call today, everyone. Needless to say, we're very excited about the fact that our newly consolidated beer business is performing extremely well and driving enhanced consolidated results for the year. We certainly believe that we are well positioned in both wine and spirits as we currently stand, and are confident that our accomplishments in these businesses will position us well for the future. And overall, we feel very good about a solid final quarter for our fiscal year. So thanks, again, for your participation.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Alice, what I would say is there might have been some anomalies year-over-year in the quarter, but our price mix in beer is consistent with what we've been talking about all year, and that's probably right around 2%, is where we'll kind of end up at the end of the year, similar to last year's.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so again, this quarter, it was a fantastic quarter, so I'd be careful extrapolating that into the future. But we, right now, have no reason to change that beer operating or gross profit margin guidance. And remember, we're still new to the manufacturing of this, and as we build out the brewery and double the capacity, there's still some unknowns on what would happen. We were fortunate this year also that the peso-dollar exchange rate turned out to be much better than it was when we originally set guidance. So we're still sticking with that beer operating profit margin guidance. And as we learn more, because remember, a big piece of our finished goods is now produced by ourselves and we have less than perfect visibility into the cost structures of those when we take that over. So there's still a bit of grayness in there. So we're sticking with that guidance.
Robert P. Ryder: Did you say -- well, I mean this year, I think we made a concerted effort to really take advantage of the peak summer sale seasons. And we kind of moved some of our marketing activities to that period of time. I think we're very happy with that result. So -- and actually at this time of year is when we're really kind of nailing down next year's plan, so it's not completely formulated yet. But I think we're pretty happy with this year's result, so there could be good probability that we replicate this year's timing of marketing spend.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so total -- we're very happy with our draft business. And in addition, as we get into new accounts with draft, we do see some evidence that helps our case sales as well. It's a very good marketing point to have those tap handles in front of the consumers as they are enjoying our products on-premise. But this year, total draft is growing about 30%, and actually, our largest draft product is Pacifico, but I think we're expecting great things from Corona Light draft, which we were in test market last year and we're rolling that out nationally as we go forward. So we probably expect Corona Light to be our biggest draft brand, followed by Pacifico, and then I think Modelo Especial is closely behind that. But we see great things for our draft business.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, the only pause for that is the Corona Extra strategy, which is very unique in the beer marketplace because it's so well-developed and the bottle is so much of the brand equity. So we'll go slowly on that. But other than that, it's go for everything we can get.
Robert P. Ryder: The other thing I'd follow -- I'd say, a very good place, the other thing I'd follow up with here and I think you might have been hinting specifically at beer because one of our compelling beer stories to retailers is the well-known national brands that we provide that -- and retail shelves turn very fast. So we all see all this stuff written about SKU-getting [ph] in craft beer, right? And we're kind of used in this in wine, but there are a lot of SKUs. It does get a little confusing in the beer aisle these days, but we believe when we go to retailers, we have a very good story that, look, we have the distribution opportunity with our non-Corona Extra brands that we think will turn much better than almost all craft brands and deserve more shelf space. Indeed, we think Corona Extra deserves a lot more shelf space than it gets because it also turns much better than craft beers. It also grows like craft beers, right? Another reason to give it more space. And it has a higher ring and more profitability to the retailer like craft beers. So we think we're like -- to a retailer, we provide a lot of the benefits of craft beers, but we have much more scale and obviously, much more tenure in the industry to actually help them do some category management, that maybe the smaller, newer craft beers aren't as expert at yet. So I think that is really -- and we have fantastic sales execution and fantastic marketing plans behind those brands, so it's really kind of synchronistic to get this volume growth. The consumers want it, the retailers want it, the distributors want it, and, of course, we want it.
Robert P. Ryder: It's big. So I'll start -- here's what I'll say, is we -- and Rob said this earlier, that the employees we inherited at the brewery, we couldn't be happier with. They fit right into Constellation's culture. They are expert at their job and...
Robert P. Ryder: And highly skilled. And really, it's been fantastically turnkey for us and we've been able to focus more our attention on the buildout, which they're also critical to. And the other good thing we inherited is the way Modelo ran the business was pretty decentralized. So we inherited a brewery with full functions. Human resource, finance, they operate very well as a team, and every -- they fit in so well with us because there's a lot of changes and a lot of complexity on assimilating this brewery and I couldn't give a higher grade than the grade we give them on assimilation, and as Rob said, real expertise in their jobs we're thrilled with. Hopefully, they're happy with us.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, and spending will really ramp up. As Rob said, we're fabricating stainless steel, we're breaking ground, and the beehive will start being built because there's going to be a lot of activity around doubling the capacity of this brewery.
Robert P. Ryder: I mean, that's a point -- I mean, the consumer demand for wine continues to be very robust and the mix shift also continues to be positive. So we actually need more supply just to satiate demand.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, terms are different in beer and wine, mostly due to regulations. So the accounts receivable terms are lower in beer than they are in wine, which is good working capital outcome. Accounts payable, there's just a lot of stuff going on with us assimilating brewery, there's a lot of timing stuff going on there.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, we're still looking at that. But we'll -- in this environment, we're happy to see that go because I think it's at 8 3/8. Right now, the thinking is we won't have to refinance that. It'll just be financed from our revolver and securitization facilities which, of course, are at much lower coupons. That should be very positive arbitrage for us.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, I mean, our priorities in the medium term on free cash flow is to pay down debt, which we've been doing. As we said, our debt was about $165 million less in Q3. We paid some debt down. We want to get our leverage below 4x EBITDA, but as you referred to, we've got a lot of builds coming our way. We've got, I'll say, the final tranche on purchase price, which we referred to right nets [ph] -- just shy of $600 million, which we talked about. And then we've got the brewery buildout, which, of course, is pretty big money over 3 years and a decent amount of that is front-loaded. So -- but we think we have all the financing we need to pay those bills, and we still think we can get below 4x EBITDA leverage by fiscal '17. Because you see, the beer this year is generating more cash than we originally anticipated. So we'll take it and pay that debt down.
