Bill Newlands: Sure. So relative, Lauren, to the depletion trend scenario, we're still seeing in our -- all of our assessment and research suggests that we continue to have very strong support for our brands among our core Hispanic base as well as growing trends amongst the non-Hispanic community. I think a great example of that shows itself in that we actually had an increase in our share gain quarter-on-quarter from last year which reflects very well. Certainly, some of what we saw at the latter part of this quarter was driven by a couple of things. One is many businesses, including ours, took additional pricing over what we had planned. And that caused an overall softness in the market, particularly in the state of California. It wasn't limited to us. And frankly, that's not an unusual reaction. We've seen that many times before. Frankly, what we were very pleased about as we then look into December and to see if this thing is beginning to go back to some normalcy, we see that it has been, we saw a 7.5% swing to the upside in dollars versus where it was in November and that compares to a category swing of 4.5%. So again, we saw a significant improvement in the market that was primarily the cause of a bit of deceleration in our depletion performance as we got into December, and we continue to gain share in that overall mix of swing. So we're not -- we -- this is not an unusual event. It happens virtually every time you see significant pricing action taken and the fact that we continue to gain share at the clip that we are gives us great confidence going forward and the strength of the brands overall. Garth, anything you want to say.
Bill Newlands: Yes. You bet, Nik. You're absolutely right. One of the things that we saw that occurred after our pricing increase is that other players within the chain took more price on top of what our pricing increase was. And frankly, this often happens as well. The Board tends to happen, and we've already started to see it in certain some markets is that, that moderates over time as well because an attempt is made to see what the consumer is ready to accept. And if we find a spot that's a bit more than they are ready to accept you see some moderation in that increase. You've already started to see that with some critical change in the state of California, which probably relates to my answer to Lauren a moment ago, which is why you saw the trends in December change quite a bit. So you're correct there was a lot more and it piled on, if you will, once it was out of us and into further down the chain, more was taken and as we often see that goes higher early and then moderates over time.
Bill Newlands: Sure. So let's start with the question of track channels. One of the things that we have historically found is that you're in the roughly -- there's roughly 3-point delta, we use IRI, I realize you just said Nielsen, we use IRI. There's roughly a 3-point delta historically between the growth that you see in the tracked channels and the depletion rates. Interestingly, that got massively bigger when you're in the middle of the pandemic because the percentage of business that went through the off-premise trade increased substantially. That has now come back to somewhat of a more normalized level as you get to a little bit better positioned in the on-premise, not quite back to where it was, but it's directionally. So that is some of what you are seeing is you're back to a more traditional split between those individual things. Relative to -- and I quoted to the California, some other states are seeing a bit different. Texas on the other was also a market that was somewhat softer post price increase, and that one has not rebounded just yet. But that, again, is not unusual either. It's a little bit of a different channel mix than what you see in the state of California where you often see a more faster response to whatever impact pricing increases take. So this, in our judgment is all part of a normal process of when pricing actions are taken. It takes a few months for it to all work its way through the system. Relative to the depletes, we don't have the final numbers in. As you would expect, we're only in day five of the New Year and obviously, it included the New Year, which makes the reporting a little bit behind. What I would say is that we're comfortable with where we think the summer is going to land. Otherwise, we wouldn't have raised our guidance.
Bill Newlands: Sure, I'll go for it. So relative to 2024 pricing, as we stated in the last quarterly call, we were going to go above what our expectations had been. And that reflects, obviously, in the October increase that has taken us above our traditional 1% to 2% guidelines. What we're suggesting relative to 2024 is that it's going to be much more in line with what our historical trend has been, which is 1% to 2%. We would not expect it to go beyond the top end of the range as we did in this particular year and late in this fiscal year.
Bill Newlands: Sure. Let's try to tackle those one at a time. Relative to Modelo, well, importantly, we are still seeing share gains in our five biggest markets. I think that's really important. But we're seeing several times those gains in the other markets with track channels, which we see as we've said many times before, a tremendous upside opportunity, this brand is still under shared, if you will, in terms of its household penetration compared to Corona Extra as an example. So there's just a lot of runway for growth for Modelo, and we remain very, very comfortable and confident in that brand's ability to continue to accelerate. Relative to the nontracked channels, we have continued to see on-premise get closer to where it had been, but it's still not quite to where it was before the pandemic, one. Two, it always takes a bit more time in some of the smaller Bodega style nontrack channels for pricing actions to work their way through. We've seen that happen before. And obviously, when you include and talk about the state of California, which is our single biggest share market, I'll remind you that Modelo Especial is bigger than Coors Light, Miller Light, Bud Light combined. When you see some of that happen it has a disproportionate impact in the short term until the pricing scenario plays itself through. So we don't believe this is any long-term trend issues. And our confidence in that is bolstered by the fact that as I stated earlier to one of the earlier questions, that we saw a very strong rebound in the State of California during December. Relative to price mix, a piece of that -- by the way, I should also mention, the number one share gainer in the State of California in the last four weeks happen to be Pacifico. I think that also speaks to the strength of our portfolio. Our portfolio is not a one-trick pony. We have a very strong place in the Corona brand, and the Modelo brand as well as Pacifico, all of which I think is very positive. Relative to the price mix question, right? We are seeing mix benefits. Some of that, as I stated just a moment ago is related to Chelada, given how big and important Chelada has gotten to be, that is mix accretive to our overall business. And therefore, the 40-plus percent growth profile that you see from that particular subsegment of Modelo does add significantly to the mix benefit that you observed.
Bill Newlands: Sure. I'll go backwards there on that. Hopefully, I won't miss anything. We maintain our continuing expectation of our medium-term guidance that we've said before, we don't think there's any radical change to where that has been. And as you know, we've often beaten that in the past. Relative to trade down, we'd obviously watch this carefully. We are very fortunate in the alcohol beverage business that we tend to be recession-resistant, doesn't mean that there's no impact that we are -- it is certainly resistant. The interesting thing that's occurred at this particular time is we've seen variable trade down at our price points. It doesn't mean -- you're correct, there has been trade down, but it has tended to be from price points below us going even lower rather than trade down from our brands which I think speaks very strongly to this year's strength of those brands. We have seen some trading around within our brands. I know -- as I said a moment ago, the Pacifico scenario in the state of California is spectacular. And I think is reflective of the growth potential for that business but it also reflected some trading around within our portfolio that occurred. So we are less concerned. We also keep our eye on it. We are less concerned about trade down from our price points. And remember, we are continuing to market these brands in the same way that we have historically. Our share of voice at the consumer level has never been higher. And I think that's important as well. We continue to invest behind our brands to support those in the eye and the mind of the consumer. And I think that's going to be critically important during a time when there could be some trade down lower in the category.
Bill Newlands: Yes, you bet. So relative to pricing, Andrew, we believe we're going to be more -- we took more price now in October which will inherently have some rollover benefit within the P&L. But relative to new pricing taken in next fiscal year, we expect them to be back in that 1% to 2% range that we have consistently delivered. We think that's important, especially in an environment where the consumer is overly sensitive to pricing actions. We're in an inflationary environment across all areas in the consumer space. And our view is we need to be careful in balancing our growth profile with our pricing profile. And we're going to continue that thought and approach going forward because we think it's in the best long-term interest of our brands. Innovation is going to continue to be an important part of what we do. As you know, we're very excited about the launch here in March of Modelo Oro. Certainly, the Chelada business continues to be one of our great growth drivers. And many of those things, as I noted in my prepared remarks, are products that are relatively new. As you probably know, this fiscal year, we added a 12 pack, we added 12 ounce. We're putting a variety pack in. That's been very successful also. So we're reaching more consumers and more consumer occasions than what we have done. And therefore, we continue to expect innovation to be an ongoing part of our success, same through the wine business. You saw that with things like Unshackled with things like our Red Blend in Meiomi. You saw that with Illuminate, with Kim Crawford. We're -- and innovation has been a strength of our companies and that we can put outstanding liquids in the bottle or can as the case may be and continue to do so, and we think that's going to be an important part together with our core organic growth of our growth profile going forward.
Bill Newlands: Sure, you bet Vivien. We have seen some more trading down in the wine business in the fact that private label has been tending to outpace branded sales by roughly 2.1 points in the last 12 weeks. So that has had some impact. What's interesting is you get a bit of a, I would say, a buying model scenario, meaning you're seeing some trade down at sort of mid- to lower price points. And then you're doing fine if you get into higher price points and a little bit in the middle has been a little shaky is some of what we're seeing. So -- which is a little different than what you have seen historically in these particular environments. As I said in my prepared remarks, there's been a pretty radical change in the amount of our business in the premium sector. I would -- I didn't categorize it as $20. But we're well over 60% of our total business now occurring in the premium and fine wine sector, which was 34% just a few years ago. So we're seeing a pretty radical move within our business as we thought what if we reshape the portfolio because over the long term that's where the consumer is going. And we believe that's not only where there's better profitability but there's better growth as well. So we believe the work that we've done is bearing fruit, and I think it plays itself out in terms of the growth profile of some of our higher end and critical brands.
Bill Newlands: Thank you, Rob. Despite the ongoing inflationary headwinds affecting the concern in our business over the last three quarters, we're on track to deliver another strong year of growth and remain well placed to further build on the solid track record we have established against advancing our long-term strategic initiatives for nearly four years now. Our Beer business continues to lead in share gains, growth and margins and we're confident in our ability to capture the significant opportunities we still see for our core and our next wave brands. Our Wine & Spirits premiumization strategy continues to gain momentum as well advancing our higher-end brands, DTC channels and international footprint, all yielding noticeable results. Lastly, the performance of our businesses, coupled with our disciplined and balanced capital allocation priorities has allowed us to maintain our investment-grade rating, surpass our cash returns goal, grow our beer production capacity and execute small growth accretive M&A. With all that said, let me reiterate, looking ahead, we remain committed and believe we now have an even stronger foundation to deliver sustainable growth and value creation for our shareholders. Thanks for everyone for joining the call, and I wish you a happy, safe and healthy New Year.
Garth Hankinson: Yes, Lauren, just on the CapEx, it's important to note that we continue to progress with our expansion as planned. As we stated in the remarks, we've added 11 million hectoliters of capacity over the last several years, $9 million in growth, sort of $2 million through productivity initiatives. We are on track with our expansions at both Nava and Obregon. And as we mentioned, we've recently broken ground in Veracruz. So the reduction in CapEx for this year is not necessarily abnormal as we move through the year. It really has more to reflect the timing of when payments will be made and less to do with progress.
Garth Hankinson: Yes, Kaumil on the share repurchase, I just want to make sure it's clear that we haven't necessarily deprioritized share repurchase activity. As we mentioned, we have $1.2 billion worth of capacity under our current board authorization. In the near term, we think that it's more important to focus on getting our leverage ratio back down close to 3%. That being said, we do have the flexibility to be able to take advantage of weakness in the marketplace, as we said in our prepared remarks and be opportunistic. So it's absolutely something that we have the flexibility and optionality to execute against.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. Just in Q4, right? I mean as a reminder Bonnie, as we said throughout the year, you need to focus on sort of full year performance as that we're going to -- it was going to be sort of uneven or choppy results throughout the year, given the fact that we had the difficult overlaps as we were in the first half of last year dealing with some production-related issues in the second half of the year, we were building back inventories. So Q4 will certainly be muted this year versus what it was last year as last year was sort of artificially high due to that, those rebuilding efforts.
Garth Hankinson: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Look I think it's important to note that we will continue to deliver best-in-class operating margins, both this year and next year. As we said during the call, we're in the process right now of going through our annual planning review. And so we'll have a lot more detail to share on this with our Q4 earnings release and outlook for FY 2024. That being said, we did want to use today to acknowledge that next year's margin profile is going to be more in line with this year's margin profile for all the reasons that we discussed. Certainly, inflation continues to be enduring, and it's lasted longer than anyone had expected. And as we noted, many of our costs are contractual in nature, and those contracts when they get renegotiated, they get renegotiated at sort of the then inflation rate, not necessarily what the outlook for the year is. And we're going through that process again right now. So we'll have more clarity around where we land on those as we go through the next several weeks and months. We've talked about hedges in commodities, and commodities coming off their highs, but certainly, they certainly haven't reverted yet to where they were pre-pandemic, so they will continue to be a bit of a headwind for us next year. Depreciation will also be a bit of a headwind next year for us as we lay around the incremental CapEx that I referenced to Lauren's question, we will -- we do expect to go live with our ABA capacity expansion at Nava as well as that incremental capacity at Obregon. What's the impact to that depreciation on, again, we'll know better about that in the next few months because that's all dependent upon when assets are put into service. And then as you know, pricing will be a bit more muted. Again, we're still going to be within our 1% to 2% algorithm. We just won't be above 2%, like we have been not just this fiscal year but last fiscal year as well. And so those will be some of the headwinds. And again, we always have tailwinds for as well. The continued momentum of the brands, right? We'll continue to -- the brands will continue to grow and drive efficiencies, and we always have a robust set of cost savings initiatives that we will avail ourselves up. And again, we'll have more detail around what -- how each of those impact margins for FY '24 as we release our FY '23 annual results, but we wanted to acknowledge that on this call.
Garth Hankinson: There won't be any more necessarily more drags per se from that, as the cost will come out. I won't say that the impact that you'll have is that there will just be a comparability issued for the first sort of three quarters of the year, but no further drag as we move into the year.
