Robert Sands: Yes, Kaumil, it really depends. All I can say is that, certainly, we're putting more investment behind brand building in 2013. As to what we'll do in the future, a lot will depend upon the competitiveness in the marketplace, what happens with grapes supply and pricing. So it's hard to say what we'll do past 2013. But obviously, our intention is to translate our sales growth into good earnings growth in the future.
Robert Sands: Well, I think that sort of post the recession, the market has been very competitive. Promotional expense in wine, in particular, has been higher and has remained higher over the last several years. The consumer is definitely looking for a bargain when it comes to the buying of product. On the other hand, I'd say the growth has been pretty robust, and there's a lot of good activity in terms of consumers and new consumers in the wine market. So I think that bodes well for the future.
Robert Sands: Yes, Judy, I think what's going on is, first of all, this year or last year, I should say, 2012 was a little disappointing in terms of our overall growth. And we felt that the healthiest thing to do for the business was to increase our investment behind brand building to really keep the momentum that we developed in the fourth quarter going throughout 2013. And that is what is resulting in, I'll say, the muted EBIT growth although we are growing EBIT. Now to your specific question, we definitely think that we can leverage the P&L, so to speak. It's not going to occur overall in 2013. But as we introduce new products, take advantage of some of the new trends in the marketplace, continue the kind of underlying sales growth momentum that we've achieved relative to consumer takeaway, we definitely think that we can leverage the P&L and grow EBIT therefore faster than sales.
Robert Sands: Sure, Tim. What we said was that the channel sale was related primarily to the distribution of new products. So when you put new products in, right, the first step is getting the new product from the distributor to the retailer, which doesn't necessarily or, in fact, doesn't at all, reflect consumer takeaway. Right? So when you got a big new product pipeline, you're going to have some channel sales from the distributor to the retailer. That's what we were talking about.
Robert Sands: Well, I think that in general, there's a lot of things going on in the portfolio. Yes, there will be a step-up in growth rates related to innovation. There's also the tactical end of our portfolio, which we manage in a different basis. So we're generally planning on growing in line with the market. Now when we say that, innovation is very robust in the market. So if you look at what percentage of the growth in the market is related to innovation, it's very high. So basically, we're going to be matching that. And in general, we expect, being the largest premium plus wine player, that we'll grow in line with the premium plus category.
Robert Sands: Yes, we think that the on-premise channel is definitely strengthening with the improvement in the economy. Right now, I'd say that as we moved into 2012, off-premise channel is growing low single digits from flat to down in previous years, flat last year, down prior to that.
Robert Sands: Yes, I think that you could say that we will be in a sweeter spot. But first and foremost, the important thing is to ensure that our business is healthy, our brands are strong, that we've got the right products within our brands to take advantage of the trends in the marketplace. That's the first thing that we need to make sure is the case. And we've been working on that and actually quite successfully throughout last year, and we'll continue to work on that this year. As I said to Judy, I do expect that we will be able to leverage that into EBIT growth. So no, it's not a point in time, and we'll have to continue to keep our eye on the market and make sure that we're successful in our brand building activities. But I would say that we should be able to see a pretty positive result relative to that in the relatively short term, talking beyond FY '13. Now obviously, there's been a lot of improvement in the business. We've streamlined our portfolio. We've functionalized the business. We've improved our go-to-market strategy. Our free cash flow results have been, I think, quite stellar, and we've significantly reduced debt. So you're already seeing a lot of the benefits of our activities, as well as our return of value to our shareholders with over $700 million of stock repurchases over the last 2 years and another $1 billion announced with this release. So I think that there's been a huge amount of positive progress.
Robert Sands: Well, I think they're going into the things that you mentioned. Those are exactly the items that are driving increased expense. So it's SVEDKA advertising. It's television advertising campaigns on Black Box, on Simply Naked. SVEDKA, as you mentioned, it's more investment to build the business in China. So those are the major items.
Robert Sands: Yes, they have to notify us at the end of that in 2013, which is 3 years in advance of the end of the contract of what their intention is relative to the end of the contract. So that's still 1 3/4 year off, and then there's 3 years left on the contract, which means that there's almost 5 years left on the contract. So I think it's premature to really know what any of the parties' intentions are in that regard.
Robert Sands: Yes, I'd say we would expect to see some further consolidation in the industry. There's been some deals that have been done. Our primary use of free cash flow, as we have indicated, is that -- is now really to focus on our stock buyback program. So we also have capacity if a strategic acquisition comes along that we think that fits well in the portfolio, it meets our financial criterion, we have the capacity to continue to buy back stock and do that as well. So it really depends on what opportunities are out there, so maybe is the answer to that question. But in the interim, our primary focus is going to be on the stock buyback program and returning cash therefore to shareholders in that form.
Robert Sands: Well, thanks for joining our call today. And as I have indicated, I am very pleased with the progress that we've made throughout the past year in terms of improving our financial profile and the areas of free cash flow generation, debt reduction and margin improvement. In addition, we have strong marketplace momentum for our Crown beer business, as well as our U.S. wine and spirits business, which positions us well for fiscal 2013. Our new products are being well received in the marketplace, and we are planning several new initiatives in this area throughout the coming year. Our plan for fiscal 2013 is to continue to execute on our strategic initiatives and driving profitable organic growth.  We will be on the road frequently throughout the months of April and May, and Bob and I look forward to seeing many of you. Thanks again for your participation in our call.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, in fiscal '12, depletions were like up mid-single digits. For fiscal '13, they're going to be low single digits. And for the fourth quarter, both shipments and depletions were up quite a bit. That's in the press release. And really, as you know, the beer industry really had a good fourth quarter. It kind of surprised everyone in the industry, I think, but we're all happy about it. Maybe the warmer weather, maybe some economic recovery helped the beer industry come back a little bit. As far as marketing spend in Crown, I think the big increase in marketing spend is behind us. That was -- that would have been fully realized in fiscal '12. In fiscal '13, the marketing spend will be more business as usual. So we don't expect a big increase in marketing spending in fiscal '13. We continue to expect some great advertising and some great new media behind our products, but it won't be an absolute increase in spend.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I think depending on when we go in the market and how our rates move, I think we might be sitting on a little bit of cash for a short period of time. But I think right now, the use of the cash will be to reinvest in the business. And outside of reinvesting the business, the primary use will be to buy back shares.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Judy, this is Bob. Just to follow up on that, there's a bit of timing involved here. So remember, we did fall short of our sales expectations in fiscal '12. At the beginning of the year, we said we expected to grow with the U.S. wine market. We did not do that. Yet, we pretty much -- we actually blew our EPS estimate away but most of that was due to taxes. But we pretty much hit the EBIT number. Now that was due to some fortuitous SG&A outcomes, which I talked about, I think, in the third quarter call, some positives there that hit the SG&A line and some belt-tightening. So I think the company said, "Hey, we're not hitting the sales numbers. Let's really try to go after the EBIT." In fiscal '13, we do expect to grow with the market, and we are making some increased brand investments. But remember, we got those SG&A overlaps, which is holding back our EBIT growth. So I wouldn't say, if you're just saying Constellation in the wine industry in general, I would hope that in a normal year with a lot of strange overlaps, that you could grow EBIT at least very close to what you're growing your net sales number. And as you know, the net sales growth in the wine category is pretty healthy.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, for '13 over '12, I think we told the SG&A overlaps were $7 million to $10 million were positives in '12 that we're nonrecurring. And we -- I don't have a number on the top of my head for the brand building initiatives because it's in a lot of different areas. Its increased sales cost, increased marketing cost and some increased promotion costs. Some of the increased brand building costs kind of go with the mix shift in the business because the higher priced wine tends to carry with it higher brand building costs. So some of that is natural, and some of it is a little bit of a ramp-up in the stuff because we're playing a little bit of catch-up after fiscal '12. But I think the fourth quarter showed that we are very close to being caught up, and we're pretty confident about the top line estimates for fiscal '13.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. So the guidance would incorporate kind of the reversal of those -- the channel fill for the new product because you just have to make sure everything is loaded before the commercial activities kick in. So in general, I'd say the channel fill might have added to the top line growth, maybe 2% or 3%, in the fourth quarter.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so really, the last few years, from a tax rate perspective, have been anomalous because we've been able to take advantage of some opportunities from some international tax planning. Now going forward, as we're primarily a North American business, and really most of our sales and most of our people are in pretty high-tax states, mostly California and New York, probably the statutory rate for us would be around 38%. So a 34% rate next year also has some positive tax planning in it. And we have a very good tax department, so I presume that we'll always have some positive tax planning. But I would say, on an ongoing basis, we should assume a statutory tax rate, probably 34% to 37%. The cash tax rates might be below that because of some timing benefits.
Robert P. Ryder: I would say, in beer pricing, Crown did take pricing in the fall of calendar '11, not quite as much as the domestic players took, but it took some pricing, which you can see in IRI. And remember, Crown, although it's the number -- it's the third largest beer company in the U.S., it's a very distant #3. So I would say that for fiscal '13, our beer business is closely watching what the large domestic players do. And should they move up, and generally they do in -- after the peak summer season, we might follow. Over the last few years, because of the economy and some other reasons, we've -- the import beer price gap to the domestic premium has gotten less. So we're closer priced to the domestic premium, but I would hope -- I think that, that reduction has stopped. So we're not anticipating in our guidance a lot of pricing in beer. But if the domestic guys move and we feel that we can move, we'll probably look at it in certain regions. I would say for the Crown earnings guidance, essentially, the EBIT growth is coming from increased volumes. The operating earnings guidance growth is slightly less than the net sales growth because of the contractual cost of goods sold increase from Modelo, the brand owner.
Robert P. Ryder: No, I'd say the cost of goods sold increase on a percentage basis is less than CPI. So it's, say, 1% to 2% kind of rate, and marketing spend in fiscal '13 will not be much more than the marketing spend in fiscal '12.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, I think we've got some good momentum in the marketplace from some pretty good media spend. We -- our weight in media has increased because of our big marketing increases in both fiscal '11 and fiscal '12. Specifically, Modelo Especial has some great momentum if you look at IRI. I mean it's growing double digits. The import Beer business, in general, is quite robust. So we feel that, that growth will continue into next year, and that's why we give the guidance of say, low single-digit net sales growth for next year. I think that it's just less than fiscal '12 because we're overlapping the very successful introduction and rollout of Victoria and the Corona Familiar, which is a 32-ounce Corona Extra mostly targeted at the convenience store channel, where that brand has helped us gain a lot of share in the convenience channel.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I mean, I think, essentially, what we'll be doing, Tim, is -- and you see this with a lot of your other companies that the debt markets are quite robust. There's a lot of demand for less-than-investment grade paper, and we would be included in that. So we're going to take advantage of the rate environment and refinance our bank debt and also access the senior note market. So the -- we think with senior notes, we can get very good rates on, say, 8- to 10-year paper, which we'll be very happy to have, I think, as the interest rates go up going into the future. This gives us quite a bit of liquidity and gives us a good staggered tenure on our debt portfolio.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, again, Tim, you just have to wait until we issue our papers around that. Now remember, there's also the stuff that is out there is -- I mentioned in my comments, that we'll have a full year of our interest rate swap next year versus only a partial year in fiscal '12, so that will increase interest expense. And we also financed much of the Ruffino purchase with euro-denominated debt. So we'll have a full year of that debt year-over-year as well.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, if you've been reading the industry newspapers, you're right. The U.S. wine harvest was less than it was the previous year. And as you know, the U.S. wine growth is still robust. Consumers want more growth. So there's more people chasing fewer grapes. We are obviating some of those issues because of some of the initiatives we undertook 2 or 3 years ago to consolidate our wineries, consolidate our bottling lines, and our winemakers have done a lot of fantastic work in reducing the costs of our wines without impacting the quality. So I think the benefits of those initiatives will be offsetting most of the increase in the cost per ton of grapes that did actually happen in this year's harvest and most likely will happen again in next year's harvest.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, we're constantly looking at productivity measures. I think in some of the comments we talked about, some shared service activities, it will be looking at -- that will be getting productivity and we're constantly looking certainly, as I mentioned, in the cost of goods sold area, most of our operations guys wake up in the morning thinking of productivity measures. So that's an ongoing initiative that we have.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I would say it will moderate because we've had some pretty dramatic reductions over the last 2 or 3 years.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, our operating costs in the wine business, because of our productivity initiatives, we expect cost per case to be just up slightly.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I mean, SVEDKA for fiscal '12 grew. You see in IRI, it grew quite robustly. Depletions were still up double digits and total volumes are just short of 4 million cases.
Robert P. Ryder: The fourth quarter was similar to that. Actually, like the other products in the fourth quarter, it actually did better than its full year number.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I'd say, Mark, we've gotten -- with all the initiatives in our operations function, we've gotten quite a bit of inventory, which you can see in our free cash flow, out of the business over the last 2 years. I'd say, what happened in fiscal '12 is the harvest came in a little bit light. Okay? And our volumes came in lighter than we expected, so we didn't have to buy as much bulk wine in fiscal '12, and we were able to sell-through preexisting products. So I'd say we had better inventory results in '12 than we probably should have, certainly better than we anticipated. But now what happened is since in '13, we expect to grow with the category. The wine that we didn't take in, in '12, we have to taken in, in '13, okay, to fuel the growth. And we expect absolute growth to be higher in '13 than it was in '12. So all that being said, if it were more normalized, I think our '13 guidance would have been in the $500 million range. So I'd say that inventory switch from year-to-year, it was probably worth $30 million to $50 million.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, I think the number that we're giving for next year will reflect the average borrowings for the year and the average rates for this year. Now it will depend if we buy a lot of stock back, I would expect our principal balance to go up. If we do an acquisition, I would expect our principal balance to go up. But the plan now is to issue senior notes, which will be fixed rate, and to refinance the bank debt. But because the swap, actually most of our bank debt is also fixed. So the rates, when we come out with the loan paper, should be pretty well known. And it will depend how much we tap into the revolver, the new revolver that we will be issuing in fiscal '13.
Robert P. Ryder: Look, we're always working on new stuff, and they all have different levels of probabilities. 34% rate for next year, I think, has our highest level of probability. But we're already planning for things in '14 and '15. So hopefully, they'll come to fruition. But at -- remember, we are primarily a North American business. So actually, a 34% effective tax rate for a strictly North American business, especially heavily weighted towards high-tax states, is actually a pretty good rate.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I won't give numbers. But the big swing is going to be in the inventory line item. Okay? Because we've seen some pretty good performance in inventories, actually, over the last 2 or 3 years. And I think next year, there's a bit of a catch-up because we probably had a bit too much of positives in fiscal '12. Because remember in fiscal '12, we generated over $700 million of free cash flow. That's quite a number for a business our size. So there's a bit of catch-up on inventories in '13. I think also interest -- cash interest will be higher in '13 because of the refinancing. So outside of taxes, it will be in inventories and interest.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I'd say, we've -- geographically, I think right now, we're going to take a pause. It's been rolled out to all of the large states that we anticipate. And really the strategy was Victoria is a very well known and one of the oldest beer brands in Mexico, so the strategy was to roll it out in cities where the Mexican consumer would recognize the brand and would have very good sell-through. I think on a go-forward basis, we're taking a little bit more pause as far as what geographies we would roll it out to because I think, so far, it was P&L positive right off the bat because the consumer knew what it was. To roll it out in additional cities where the brand is not as well-known will take a lot more investment, so we're thinking of that more carefully.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Bryan, this is Bob. We did not bake any pricing into our guidance. The wine category continues to be relatively promotional versus the other beverage alcohol. And as far as the growth for the industry, we're assuming it's low to mid-single digits.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, yes, but remember the industry always tends to experience positive mix shifts. So we can still expect net sales to grow higher than volumes. But right now, we're not anticipating any increase in pricing.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, again, it's -- I wish it were that formulaic, right, because there's a lot of competitors out there with different motivations. So we're assuming that we won't be able to price, and we've got to offset our own inflation because we are focused on growing EBIT.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I mean, obviously, we're -- like all the other wine competitors, we're keeping a close eye on what each other is doing. And it's a constant balance between pricing and volumes, right, so -- and market share. So we'll keep a close eye on it. We're not anticipating price increases because remember, depending on the product and the price point, the bulk wine that's bought, how long is it before it hits the cost of goods sold line? And that depends on the aging and the price point of the wine. But we have a lot of people keeping a close eye on what's going on in the market, and we're constantly balancing those priorities.
