Rob Sands: So yeah, we are expecting to increase the pace of distribution growth across our beer portfolio. In fact, we expect roughly 70% of our growth in beer next year Dara to come from distribution growth. So, this is really the key variable in achieving our results and with the momentum behind our portfolio and the nature of our portfolio entirely on the high end and really being one of the most important profit drivers at wholesale and at retail, okay, we expect that we will achieve our distribution growth goals and therefore our overall growth goals. Now to your next question about production capacity and innovation, the answer to your question is 100% totally. We are well set up now to really drive, number one, parts of the business that we haven't been driving really because we were concerned while we were under the interim supply agreement and we didn't have necessarily the capacity in place to start driving business that we were uncertain that we could supply. So certainly in terms of existing brands, other brands in the portfolio like Pacifico where we're really starting to make a push to driving that to be one of the key growth providers in the portfolio is an example and then clearly our NPD in beer, which we’ve recently launched right, Corona Premier and the Corona Familiar product are examples of NPD that we weren’t in a position to do up until now, but now we are extremely well positioned with two big breweries Nava and Obregon fully on stream as well as a third brewery well underway. So, we're very optimistic about what both we can do now with yet another brand that we think is going to be a big growth driver of Pacifico and what we can do with NPD, and the business which appears to be very successful at least in test markets thus far.
Rob Sands: So yes, Judy, as it relates to our fourth quarter performance, I would say that February ended up a little softer than we had expected at the time, and I think there's a danger in watching the week-to-week or even month-to-month depletions. I think if you look at our overall trends in the business, we continue to gain share in the business at about the same rate as we have been over the last 12 to 24 months. Clearly total beverage alcohol has slowed down a little bit over the past 12 months, but that seems to be mirroring what's happening in the broader CPG category as well. So, we feel pretty confident to be sitting here in early April and putting out I think some pretty strong guidance for our fiscal '18. So, despite the volatility that we're seeing, we're pretty confident in our ability to deliver these numbers.
Rob Sands: Sort of a same story. We see no innovation or issues in achieving our pricing guidance. You point out every quarter and basically every year we're talking about some skirmish that has occurred especially in beer the constitutes some tea leaf reading, right. So whether it's low prices on Mic Ultra, somewhere for some reason or whether last year it was the giving away of goose CAGS in the Northwest, there is countless -- there is countless examples of this stuff all the time, but fundamentally speaking we don't see pricing in the beer market portending anything other than that guidance that we had given and what we expect which is 1% to 2% pricing, which really will take very strategically market by market, brand by brand and again we're confident that we'll achieve that goal.
Rob Sands: So, Nik, on the consumer side, I think that we definitely saw some softening in consumer confidence in the fourth quarter and efforts of that are highly speculative, but I would say it's certainly around a lot of the political uncertainty and what has transpired across a lot of areas in that regard. On the other hand, as we move now past the first quarter right, we're seeing some signs of increased consumer confidence, the jobs number, which came out very recently was higher than expected and by the way, we track things like the correlation of various statistics like job growth, like GDP against our beer performance over long periods and I think a good example of that job growth tends to be a positive for our business and is GDP by the way tend to be a positive for our business. So, as we see some of these things improve, I think that you're going to see consumer confidence improve, but you only have to sit around and watch the news to understand that there will continue to be a lot of political uncertainty for the next I guess nobody can, the next is uncertain. The next period of time. Or I think you can say that we are totally uncertain about how long there will be political uncertainty.
Rob Sands: It's all about December right. December was a weird month. If December had been normal, the results would have been normal. That's basically the quantification of everything. So yeah, I told you and I'm sure you're already aware about the holidays and how they fell in December versus the previous year. You brought up the weather, I didn't. I don't like to talk about the weather because the one thing that we know for sure is that there's always going to be weather okay and we're in the very fortunate position of not having necessarily to reverse to the weather okay as our excuse for everything. So really, I think it falls back to December and you could basically normalize December and you would've ended up with normalized results. As things have thus proved themselves to be the case, following December and looking at the first calendar quarters. And then the December thing was across wine beer and spirits. So, I think as it related to our portfolio in particular we've given our guidance and we're confident on our guidance for the year of 2018. So, I think that that's really where the proof is right. It's in the guidance and looking at the first calendar quarter on beer. And the IRI to some degree as well which has only constituted 50% of the business, but it remains a fairly decent indicator and IRI looks good.
Rob Sands: Yes. So, I'll take both questions. I think that as it relates to consumer confidence, as you said drilling down on that, if you look in the fourth quarter in particular I do think that we saw a disproportionate negative impact on Hispanic consumer confidence and that's for all of the obvious reasons I think, which is related to all the very unfortunate rhetoric with regard to Mexico coming out of the Trump administration and the news. Now that said, I would say that the Trump factor has diminished somewhat and therefore consumer confidence among Hispanics has probably increased a bit with all of the latest rhetoric, which is I wasn’t able to get ACA repeal and replace through that's brought a lot of uncertainty around what they are or are not going to be able to do relative to tax reform. I'm sure you saw the comments from the Secretary of Homeland Security, Kelly over the last two or three days basically saying that there isn’t going to be a wall built that will stretch from border to border. Maybe they’ll put up a couple of fences and this and that, but they’ve completely backed off or at least Trump's cabinet has backed off of the long rhetoric which I don't think that the wall is one of the big factors that we're particularly concerned about but it is a concern to our Hispanic consumers and does relate to the consumer confidence. So, I think on the Hispanic front, especially Mexican Hispanic, I think the fourth quarter things were a bit disproportionately poor, but I think that it's improving because as things continue to move forward it becomes more obvious to everybody that a lot of this stuff is rhetoric and sort of business as usual in Washington as it relates to elections and election promises versus whatever -- what actually happened. So many do have the actual hard statistics like jobs being better than anticipated in the recent jobs report. So that my commentary on that. And then your second question was on yes, relationship with wholesalers, now relationship with wholesalers is not being strained in any way, shape or form. Our relationship with our wholesalers on the beer side couldn’t be better. In fact, we are 100% of their growth okay, but Constellation okay, their businesses would be going backwards and their profits would be going backwards. Where their growth driver and in many instances today, we are their largest profit contributor period. As you know, we're largely or at least the majority of our distributors are Miller Coors houses and many of the major ones we moved ahead of Miller Coors in terms of profit contribution and as I said, we're providing the growth. They're very excited about new high-end products from us and in fact dying for it is the truth of the matter. And then you take a look at a product like Ballast Point, our distributors have not given up in any way, shape or form on the craft strategy, on the craft category. I would say that they are beginning and I think this is a good thing not a bad thing, just like the retailer to take a more measured approach to it and realizing that it doesn't make sense for them to carry every SKU under the sun and that they have to pair down in that regard. But clearly as business people both at retail and at wholesale, what they're thinking is we're going to pare down to the brands that are supported from an execution, from merchandising, from an advertising perspective by companies that have the wherewithal to invest behind these brands and they're basically going to get rid of all this no-name stuff that they know that is fly-by-night and the company is behind them don't have the wherewithal to support the brand. So, I think that shake out is going to work greatly to our favor and then I think with -- they see that we're bringing resources to this that the other competitive brands can't necessarily bring to the party. Some can. Some can't. And when I say resources, it's resources like our national accounts connections, team, hey just -- it's our wholesalers, right, it's a virtuous circle. We bring to them the products that are driving all of their growth, they turn around and focus on the products that are driving all of their growth, which causes those products do better than the other products. So, I think that Ballast Point bodes well with and then the positioning of Ballast Point right, the premiumization of it right, this is just, this is exactly what the beer guys are looking for are true premium, high margin beer products and that's both our wholesalers and our retailers. So, I believe they think that it's an exciting proposition and they will continue to drive that business.
Rob Sands: So, Mark, to your questions, one spirits distribution and how that relates to wine, I would say it's separate largely and they were not. There is no strategy here to use spirits distribution to somehow drive wine distribution. In fact, we created a separate spirit salesforce to give more focus to our spirits business because yes, we think that that's a great both growth and margin driver in the future for us, but our early trends use spirits drive wine distribution or necessarily vice versa, except to the extent that we do have a TBA approach and when we are dealing with our major retail customers particularly the chains and mass merchandisers and clubs right where business is gravitating and we're talking to the people who alcoholic beverage roles up to, which there is usually an alcoholic beverage person, we're certainly taking advantage of the fact that across TBA, total beverage alcohol, we're providing all their growth or a large percentage of their growth and we're providing more profit to them largely than anybody else in the industry. So this is how we take advantage of our position across beer, wine and spirits with our major customers in that TBA continues to be the most important category in all of retail and especially with the big chains clubs and mass merchandise where that business is also gravitating to is the best profit provider, if you look at their top categories, which are CSR, carbonated software and CRDs and tobacco and alcoholic beverages right, well alcoholic beverages is really their stand out in terms of growth and profitability and dairy right is another category. These are all largely declining, highly commoditized categories versus beverage alcohol. So, we do use our TBA position to drive distribution, but as it relates to wine and spirits not really, but the big opportunity does exists for us with spirits and our spirits portfolio we intend to drive that. And yeah if we see any tuck-in acquisitions for spirit that we make sense, within our disciplines right, we haven’t put aside any element of our financial discipline on anything that we do nor are we going to. Okay. So, we will be selective if tuck-in opportunities. We're not going to -- our financial discipline on some theoretical basis tied around strategy and that isn’t quantifiable into our financial discipline. So, you can fundamentally count on that. And then you talked about promo, which…
Rob Sands: That's an interesting question and my answer is that in terms of our capital deployment strategy okay, it probably hasn't changed or I should say and have chanced okay, as we continue to see our cash flow generation build, we are going to strike the same kind of balance that we have struck between paying down debt and keeping debt levels within our target of the mid three's okay. We will also continue to focus on returning value and dollars to shareholders, whether it's through things like our dividend increases or more stock repurchases okay to offset the normal dilution that occurs in our business annually and tuck-in acquisition. So, I don't see much changing with regard to any of those three things and we will continue to balance it and then on the tuck-in acquisitions specifically to your question about spirits, that's more a function of deal flow right, like what good things are there out there that will become available that meet our financial discipline like that's a very unclear -- there is no clear answer to that question. So, if the deal, if all of a sudden lot of things became available, again balancing those three things, the debt flow, our ability to offset dilution and return money to the shareholders proving back stock, we will look at all of the good deals that are strategic for us, both financially and otherwise in the portfolio as they come along. And I say strategic for us, what do I mean by that? Well that's our financial discipline as number one and then number two right, it's got to be high margin, high growth okay. We're not interested in much anything else, but that is in high margin, high growth okay where we wouldn't just do a financial deal on something that was something that did fit into the portfolio and what we're trying to do with the overall business and portfolio. So, it's got to be in a category to be high margin and high growth. There is large categories in beverage alcohol. There is insignificant to favor at the current time and we're probably not going to go there nor are we necessarily going to chase the absolute latest and greatest at any moment in time on the other side of that. So, it's all a big balance.
Rob Sands: Well when you think about promotion because there is so much promotional activity in wine, I think that we tend to think more about it in terms of net price realization whether it's through promo or frontline pricing. I would say that in terms of net price realization, wine is some robust than it has been in the past meaning in very simple terms whether it's through reduced promotion or for better frontline pricing, there's a little bit more pricing power and pricing, positive pricing activity, increased pricing in wine than there has been in the past. And I think that even in our portfolio, we're probably this year planning on taking more pricing than we have even in previous years. So, I would say that's getting to be a fairly robust environment. Everybody is sort of realizing that often the difference between a great business, a good business and a bad business is around how much pricing power there is in the marketplace. And wine continued to preimmunize at a very fast rate and with the premiumization and focus becoming now more around wines priced between $15 and $25 as opposed to be between $5 and $10 right, the price sensitivity on all this stuff is somewhat diminishing right because if you're looking at a bottle of Meiomi or other products that are now getting to be in the sweet spot of the commercial part of the business all of a sudden $0.49 is critical as if you were talking about a $5.99 $7.50 or $0.99 is a gigantic percentage. So, I think a positive news.
Rob Sands: Yes. So just thinking about margins kind of at the EBIT margin level Andrea, we do believe that will have some benefits during the years, as I said earlier from FX and some benefits of -- some benefits of coming off of the ISA and in glass sourcing and so forth, offset by depreciation and one-time line commissioning cost because there is still going to be some noise in our COGS as we bring more capacity online. I think so you're going to see a little expansion there. I would say that from an SG&A and marketing perspective, you can assume that that's a percentage of sales, that will remain consistent year-over-year. I will say however considering a lot of other consumer products companies talking about the work that they're doing to take cost out of their business, we're doing all of that same work with a view of being able to redeploy resources to initiatives that are going to continue to drive the topline growth of our business. So, we are getting some benefits on the SG&A and marketing line, but the benefit is really more effectiveness and more, more topline growth as a result of that work. And then from a capacity utilization standpoint, I would say that we're going to be flat out at Obregon and Nava, as we go through the summer selling season. So, I don't expect that we'll see fluctuations in our cost as a result of utilization issues on overhead and in fact our ops guys are really good, but I don't think we'll see I don't think we'll see a lot of spare utilization that they have to try to manage for a couple years yet.
Rob Sands: Yes. So, we're continuing to see strong growth in the categories that we're playing in spirits right. So, our brand spirit Tequila continue to do well. Our brand in particular continue to do well and the recent IRI High West is up 79%. So, we're seeing good trends in the spirits business as I said in particular in the place where our newest brands like Casa Noble and High West play.
Rob Sands: Yes. So, we don't necessarily manage quarter ends all that tightly in beer because the inventory turns pretty quickly. We keep around 30 days of inventory on hand at our distributor on average across the portfolio and we're roughly in line with that at yearend maybe we're up a little bit, but that's to be expected going into this summer selling season. So, we're right where we want to be and we don't -- we're not purposely building inventory at distributors, again we like that 30-day mark.
Rob Sands: I would say that Obregon's probably it's thin line, it's not accretive or dilutive to our margins. We get some benefit of being off the ISA. We get some mile freight benefits, but to the West Coast shipments, but it's a more costly facility in general to produce in for a whole bunch of reasons, which we're going to try to address over time. So, I would say in the near term it's about a wash.
Rob Sands: I think what you'll see over time is you'll see us, yeah, yeah, right and then what we're really looking forward to the date when we actually have three facilities functioning and we can optimize our production runs through those facilities to really try to drive the best possible margins. But at this point we're producing and selling all the beer that we can get out -- we're selling all the beer that we can get out of our production facilities.
Rob Sands: Sure. So probably the biggest opportunity for growth is in Modelo Especial where there is a lot of room for distribution growth to get a brand like that up to say the same distribution levels as Corona Extra. So, the focus will be on building Modelo Especial distribution. And then Corona cans is another huge opportunity for distribution growth as well as, as I said some of the other products like Pacifico and then Ballast Point is hardly -- hardly has distribution outside of California. So, there's a big opportunity to drive the growth in Ballast Point through targeted distribution in other states. So, bottom line is sort of across the portfolio with probably the exception of Corona Glass 12 packs, there's a lot of -- there's just a lot of distribution growth opportunity and distribution growth is the primary way to drive volume growth.
Rob Sands: That would be velocity. It increases in velocity on brands that are getting distribution and becoming more popular. So, you'll see both happen.
Rob Sands: But the answer really continues to be no different than what I think you're going to see different -- you're going to see different things happen in different regions and obviously, business and where we source grapes from is so diversified that we're going to see some ups and downs. It could be tight in Napa. You take a brand like just high-end peanut brand Meiomi we're sourcing, the great thing about Meiomi right, it's a three Appalachian brand meaning it comes from three different Appalachian which gives us a lot of flexibility with regard to the sourcing of those grapes and then obviously, we're continuing to source a lot of grapes from the Northern Central Valley from the central moderate. So, I think you're going to see some balancing there meaning you'll see some tightknit in some areas and you'll see some of the opposite in other areas and obviously also in the Pacific Northwest that's also important to us now as well as the brand like Charles West and Charles Smith, which is growing really high double-digits. And therefore, we're using a lot of the Washington supply right now, which was part of that deal, which we locked up, a lot of the Washington supply of premium wine grapes with the Charles Smith deal, which was one of the reasons that we thought it was a good deal and it's turning out to be a particularly good deal with Kung Fu Girl Riesling making capital 100 in the wine spectator and that kind of stuff really drives the growth of brands like that.
Rob Sands: Okay. Well thanks everyone for joining today's call. As we wrap up our discussion of the fourth quarter and fiscal 2017 results, I want to emphasize how pleased I am with the excellent performance across all of our businesses. Our fiscal 2018 guidance shows we're very confident in our abilities to sustain profitable growth and we are firm in our commitment to build shareholder value. We look forward to the next time we speak with you in early July when we will share the results of our first quarter for our new fiscal year. Before then we hope you'll choose some of our fine products for your Spring celebrations including Cinco and Memorial Day weekend and of course enjoy them responsibily and speaking of Cinco, look for us at the New York Stock Exchange and on May 05 as we officially kick off our summer selling season by ringing the closing bell. Thanks, everybody and have a great rest of your day.
David Klein: I think of our $2 billion of COGS and beer, there are just a lot of moving parts, things that swing your way things that move in the other direction. I want to just make clear that our guidance implies a peso rate of about 20 pesos to the dollar right, and we know that's running a little bit less than that. It's in the high 18s as we sit here today. So, you I think it's -- I think we're suggesting continued margin expansion, but I think we're just being prudent at this point in the year.
David Klein: And I guess I'll just add Judy that what's becoming I think obviously to everyone is that in the short term, sort of as a result of where holidays fall, the number of sell days in a particular month etcetera, there's a lot of fluctuation in the short-term that can affect short-term volume, whether you're talking depletions or otherwise. And I would encourage everybody to sort of focus on stacked results as opposed to focusing on these very short-term numbers, which there is a lot of volatility associated with those short-term numbers and you can see it in December numbers, which were across the industry not very good okay and is driving a lot of the slowdown. And in December basically what you had were holidays falling on weekend and instead of the middle of the week. So instead of people drinking twice during the week, they were only drinking once during the week on the weekend. Okay, this really affect things. In March okay and April, you're going to see a shift which by the way I think this will affect wine and spirits more than it will beer, you're going to see a shift of Easter into April this year, right, mid-April this year from March last year. So that's really going to affect the numbers that you're going to be looking at on a short-term basis and this is especially in wine and spirits because there tends to be more of a wine and spirits drinking holiday than a beer drinking holiday, but I think you have to look at those stack results now. In our case right, fourth quarter yet depletions in beer looked a little lackluster and then you look at first quarter of the calendar year and I would say everything basically bounced right back to be very consistent with the growth that we're expecting throughout the remainder of the year and we see nothing at all right now that would suggest to us that just on a general proposition whether it's across -- whether it's beer or wine or spirits, maybe talk about the industry as a whole, I think that we're fairly confident that you'll see things reverse to the mean as it relates to industry growth across TBA and I think on our own growth, we see nothing inhibiting us from achieving our guidance across the wine, beer and spirits portfolio, which I think will be very strong continued results.
David Klein: And Judy you know that pricing in beer for the most part is taken in the fourth calendar quarter of the year right. So, the pricing that -- the preponderance of the pricing that we're counting on to achieve our guidance is already in the market. 
David Klein: So, Nik, I'll take the peso question and then Rob can respond on the market, so we're just saying that we're targeting in our guidance around the 20 pesos to the dollar. That includes our hedge program that's already in place and I would say that we're probably about 50% hedged on the peso.
David Klein: So, Mark on the impairments, that's really just a continuation of our premiumization strategy. So, we had some wines in particular mostly sub $5 labels. We didn't sell a lot of cases of brands like Tallas or Marcus James that we elected to discontinue in order to shrink the number of brands in our portfolio and drive the premiumization trend. So that was just good housekeeping I would say, from a skew management perspective.
David Klein: Good question, Laurent because we talked about mid-20s at our Investor Meeting and I would say that the 22% is a bit of a refinement. So, we would expect that we go forward in that 22 to 25. So, it's kind of the low-end of mid-20s. But keeping in mind the point that you made, there will be more volatility because of stock-based comp.
David Klein: Yes, and a lot of that when we do our regression analysis around a lot of that comes from incremental, or more effective media spend as well as some of -- some demographic and economic tailwinds.
David Klein: We continue to get outstanding returns on investment from marketing spend on Corona and so we'll continue to drive that brand and in the context of our total SG&A remaining constant as a percent of net sales, I just want to be clear that we're going to continue to look for ways to be more efficient with our spend across that whole SG&A spectrum so that we have money to invest in brand growth.
David Klein: Right in aggregate and if you look at our beer business and our beer business guidance has this double digits, it implies everything else stays the same, we'll be getting that kind of growth in our marketing spend.
David Klein: I think that that we expect great cost to continue to be very stable and we're not anticipating any material impact on margin. That said, you just don't know right now because until you get to the point where terms can be measured and even that's fairly unreliable because there is a lot of weather that can occur between even then and harvest you don't know what the size of the harvest is going to be, which is what tends of affect great pricing. But we're not expecting anything unusual. I would doubt very seriously that we're going to see anything out of the ordinary on great pricing and therefore its impact on margins this year. So, I would say it's something to particularly focus on.
David Klein: Yes, so our share count estimate is really our best estimate as we sit here today right. So, it's inclusive of all of those points. And then Tim as it relates to depreciation and amortization I would say, you can think about the rest of the business as being fairly consistent, but we said that in the beer business that that number would be up about 50% year-over-year. So that's really the only change.
David Klein: It's kind of hard to do in a real simple way right because as I said on $2 billion a COGS and mid $4 billion of sales and we can have $10 million, $15 million swing $20 million swings in both directions over a number of items. And so, there's definitely a benefit for bringing on furnace two and three and ultimately furnace four, but I think it really gets kind of absorbed into the overall margin numbers over time, because we're really talking about $15 million swings as opposed to $70 million when you bring up the furnace. You can't see those if you look at our NCI charge, on a year-over-year basis, we expect that number to double on a full-year basis to about $10 million and that just represents incremental profitability in our glass joint venture.
David Klein: So, the numbers that you quoted are roughly right. What I would say is that when we talk about a billion first of all, there's a range in that billion we just repaid. We picked kind of a point in there and I would say that that isn't all -- that's our entire beer capital number right, it's not necessarily all build out. So, the number over the next couple years is probably a little bit higher than the $600 you quoted I think, but it's not going to be material in the grand scheme of things.
