William Newlands: Sure. Obviously, the two main things driving the tightness of inventory are first and foremost, robust consumer demand. Our consumer demand has been well in excess of what we anticipated. And in my opinion, that's always good news. The second piece of that obviously was the point that Garth made and I made in my script, which is the power outage that occurred at the end of February, which has made for a somewhat tighter inventory position than we would normally want to hold. With that said, all of that will take care of itself over the course of the fiscal year. It's quite different, quite frankly, from last year where we mainly produced the SKUs that represented 75% of our total portfolio. This year, we're producing all of our SKUs. So, it's very different from what we saw last year, and while we do expect tightness during the course of the summer, we're working actively with our distributors to make sure that we are providing the right mix of product to make sure that we continue to supply the very strong demand we're seeing against our portfolio.
William Newlands: Certainly. So, first -- your first part of your question regarding June, and you're correct, well it isn't over yet. We're very enthused by how June is setting up and is certainly consistent with our long-term algorithm assuming we finished the last couple of days strongly. So, we think June is going to look pretty good. Secondly, relative to households, Nik, we obviously are continuing to develop and broaden our reach across our core brands, particularly in beer. If you think about Modelo, and Garth I think said this in prior quarters, we are rapidly increasing our penetration in the non-Hispanic community. It's a little difficult for us at this point to break that out of how much of that was COVID versus non-COVID because we're just seeing such an acceleration of Modelo not only in its core Hispanic market but in the broader market as well. So, it's a little difficult for us to put an exact percentage on any of those things. What I would say is, we are gaining consumers in our portfolio that has been obvious, and we expect that trend to continue. Part of that has been driven by our innovation agenda. We are meeting more consumer needs, more consumer drinking occasions than we ever have before because of our successful innovation agenda across the whole portfolio, across the company. So, I would expect that we're going to continue to see some acceleration of bringing new consumers in because we are opening up occasions for those people to come into our franchise.
William Newlands: Sure. We continue to keep our algorithm about beer pricing as we have said on prior calls. We see it as a 1% to 2% growth profile over the course of the year, and we're sticking with that. We think that's appropriate given all the factors that we weigh when we decide about what we're going to do with our pricing. I think it's also important to say our number one growth driver in our business continues to be Modelo, which is very accretive on a mix basis. So, as we continue to see all of our businesses grow, when you see that kind of acceleration in Modelo, it certainly is mix accretive to us as well. So, I think both of those things were additive in the quarter, and we would expect them to be additive over the course of the year.
William Newlands: We'd expect that the abatement of supply issues to take care of themselves over the course of the year. Remember, I think we probably made this reasonably clear. We lost several points of top-line growth because of the power outage that occurred at the end of February in Northern Mexico and in Texas. So, we certainly had a muted shipping scenario. We will expect to pick that up over the course of the remainder of the year. And we're still expecting demand to be very solid. So, we are fully expecting to meet the demand that we'll see in the marketplace, which we continue to say will be in that 7% to 9% range over the course of the year.
William Newlands: Yes, that's the average over the course of the quarter. As Garth pointed out in his remarks, that still is below what we were pre-pandemic but it's a really big increase to what it was last year. So, we still think certain markets are developed more quickly than others as we've said in prior discussions, as well. So, we certainly expect that's going to continue to be an accelerator over the course of the summer. And let's face it, I think it would be fair to say there's a lot of pent-up consumer demand to simply go out of your home, that people are looking forward to the opportunity as some of the COVID restrictions come off. We would expect to see some continuing acceleration in the on-premise channel as we progress through the summer, recalling that the on-premise channel was a fraction of what it was last year versus the prior year. So, we think that's all are going to take good care of itself as the year goes on.
William Newlands: So related to the Hard Seltzer capacity point, we're still expecting that the Hard Seltzer category is going to grow somewhere in the 30% to 50% range, somewhere in that range this year overall. And obviously, we did roughly 10 million cases last year with one SKU. We've introduced our second Variety Pack. We're very excited about that process so far and Limonada is just hitting the market really as we speak. I got to remind you again, what I said earlier, which is despite doubling the size of our ABA and Hard Seltzer capability for this year, the number one growth driver in our portfolio will remain Modelo, irrespective of that significant growth. So, we are very comfortable with our growth profile across the business. What I would say is, this is -- we do have significant flexibility around the capacity that we put in and how that can be used within the business. And many of the things like packaging and so forth, really serve as the entire business anyway. So, we do have a fair amount of flexibility depending on if there's any changes in any of the particular sub-segments of the beer category at any point in time. We've worked very hard to make sure there is flexibility within our production capacity capabilities so that we can adjust to any change in consumer demand.
William Newlands: Sure. Let me take that one, Greg. The -- we have seen it accelerate tremendously. But as we've seen over the course of the last 18 months around the pandemic, you often see some things where you get starts and stops and things improve in certain states and don't improve in other states, and so on and so forth. I think the important thing from our perspective to look at is, while we've seen 250% growth in our depletions in the quarter versus prior year, the overall percentage of our business that the on-premise represents is still a bit less than it was in fiscal year wherein calendar -- excuse me, calendar year '19. So, we still think there's still some opportunity and acceleration to come. We also have had an exceptional -- and our distributor network does an exceptional job of winning the times that matter, things like 4th of July, Labor Day. We did it with Cinco de Mayo, we did it with Memorial Day. So, we still think there's going to be some good opportunities for acceleration. The challenge to predict how much of the channel shifting that occurred? There was a massive amount of channel shifting that occurred a year ago when you went heavily to the off-premise. You're now seeing the on-premise comes back on and the IRI and Nielsen data has been somewhat muted. So, we also have seen, as we noted in our scripts, a significant increase in our three-tier e-commerce and direct-to-consumer across the business. So, how all those channels sort of shake out is a real question. I think the encouraging part remains. The consumer demand against our business across all channels that we can track has been extraordinarily strong and we're excited and we think that will continue irrespective of which channel the consumer chooses to engage in.
William Newlands: Sure. So, let's start with question around the on-premise. Keep in mind, based on what we can see, per capita consumption has remained pretty steady throughout the pandemic. It's just that where and how people consume has moved around quite a bit. So, it's really difficult to precisely predict how consumers are going to operate. And I think it's going to vary, as I said a moment ago, quite a bit by state depending on the individual restrictions and whether or not certain states are still allowing takeaway from a restaurant environment for alcoholic beverages, some are not. So, until all this dynamic plays itself out, I think it's going to be very difficult to predict exactly how the consumer will land. Other than I would say some of the sheer shopping behavior where you see three-tier e-commerce and direct-to-consumer changes are going to continue. As we've said in prior calls, we have made major investments to increase our capability in three-tier e-commerce and direct-to-consumer, and I'm very glad that we did. It's playing out well and it's showing tremendous takeaway in those sectors which have grown around the pandemic. As it relates to inventory, we continue to believe we're going to have a very solid year. We're in a good position to make up the challenge that was the one-time challenge around the power outage that occurred in February, and we expect to have, as we've said, a very strong year and that I would expect would include the second quarter which is upon us.
William Newlands: Certainly. Well, as you know, we are very fortunate with our Mexican beer portfolio to have the strength of brands that we do. These are iconic, authentic brands from Mexico that our Hispanic community is very much behind. And we continue to see strength and growth. As I've said you, I think -- not to you, but I've said in prior calls, we continue to see opportunities with Modelo/ The household penetration with Modelo despite the rapid growth of Modelo is still not at the level of Corona as an example. We're also seeing over-development in the Hispanic community with our Corona Hard Seltzer. So, we are reaching into that community by again meeting new occasions and meeting new consumer needs with those particular products. So, we are very comfortable with the growth profile that we see in the Hispanic community with our iconic portfolio from Mexico and we think the Seltzer element is going to be an important and hopeful part of continuing the relationship with the Hispanic community, recognizing that we're also doing a great job of expanding those brands into the non-Hispanic community as well.
William Newlands: I'll take the price part, Garth. Maybe you take the first part. Relative to the price, we continue to believe 1% to 2% is going to be our long-term expectation. We think that balances appropriately the dynamics that occur with price sensitivity when you raise your price and recognizing, it does obviously help you cover any inflationary effects during the course of the year. So, we're pretty comfortable, that algorithm of 1% to 2% is the right answer, that balances all of those factors and we would see that continuing well into the future.
William Newlands: Thank you, everyone for joining our call today. I think it should be clear, the fiscal '22 is off to a strong start, providing us with continued momentum as we head into our key summer selling season. Our powerful collection of consumer connected brands across beer, wine, and spirits continues to gain traction and we are well-positioned to deliver another strong year of performance consistent with our long-term goals. Our robust cash flow generation allowed us to make significant share repurchases in line with our commitment to return $5 billion to shareholders by fiscal '23 and we look forward to updating everyone throughout the fiscal year, as we expect to make continued progress during fiscal '22. In closing, I'd like to wish all of you a happy 4th of July and hope that your celebrations with family and friends include our fantastic beer, wine and spirit products. Thank you, again, everyone and have a good summer.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. And just as a reminder, when we issued our Q4 guidance, we talked about inflation and we said that, overall, we are expecting inflation kind of in the low to mid-single-digit range. And that was taking into account that on any given line item within our cost structure we were seeing the inflation kind of the low-to-high single-digit range. We have -- as we talked about at that time, we have a pretty effective hedging policy in place and we entered the year in a good position as I said. So, as we look out this year, first of all, the outlook for inflation still kind of remains the same. Our outlook as well as sort of the external advice we get on this is still that inflation is going to have a bit of a spike but it's going to be temporary in nature. The question just is like how temporary, right? It seems as though that kind of blip, it might take a bit longer to kind of come down from there. And so, the things that we're watching mostly right now really are around as you indicated, logistics and transportation, and labor, and those things are somewhat intertwined if you will. The labor market has made it difficult to get dedicated trucking lines and so, that's becoming more and more competitive. So, that's absolutely a concern. We continue to watch aluminum and then we look at natural gas to -- or glass, right? Glass, because glass is impacted by natural gas. So, those are the areas we're kind of most watchful for as we go through the year. I said it, as we sit here today, we're feeling like we're in a similar position to be able to cover our inflationary headwinds as long as they don't get significantly worse as we go through the year.
Garth Hankinson: Yes, Chris. Thanks for the question. So, as you indicated, the topline is doing quite well. So, we're very pleased with our transformation as it relates to top-line growth. In terms of the margins journey, what we've always said around that is, it was going to take us about two years post divestiture to get to the 30% operating margins. And in order to get to about 30% operating margin, it was going to take a number of different things. There was pricing, there is mix, there is the cost takeout that we've talked about previously, stranded cost takeout of around $130 million, not all of which will fall to the bottom line. Some of that, we will reinvest behind the brands to make sure that we have strong brands that can generate the topline growth, as well as other initiatives around footprint optimization as a result of that the Gallo divestiture, not only did we share a large number brands but we also shared seven wineries, seven facilities with that transaction. So, there is a footprint optimization, as well as doing some cost optimization to make sure that the products we're putting in the bottom-most reflect what the consumers are looking to get when they pick up those brands. So, that -- we're well underway. We certainly didn't sit back and wait for the transaction to close to identify those cost savings, those initiatives. So, we're just now executing against those. But as you say, we're at that interim period where the business is a bit deleveraged. And so, until the rest of those cost comes out, we -- you will see that kind of -- that downward blip as you noted this year as we move to the 30% operating margins at the end of sort of two years post divestiture.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. Just to follow-up on the margin question. So, as we stated in Q4, really, it's those three big drivers of depreciation, inflation, and mix, and those are really kind of equally weighted in terms of the impact on margins. So, on the depreciation front, that was -- we have an increase of about $65 million this year, and that's comprised of Obregon full year [indiscernible] in the glass joint venture [ph], depreciation as well as some other things. Inflation, I think we've covered, and the fact that it's more in the second half of the year as our hedges kind of roll-off. And then mix, I think mix is also something that's going to impact us again more as we go through the year because we started the year really with kind of one SKU in Corona Hard Seltzer Variety Pack #1, Corona Hard Seltzer Variety Pack #2 was just launched at the beginning, and then we launched Limonada here in June. So, there will be a more mix impact as we go through the balance of the year as well. But really it's equally -- the impact is equal across those three buckets.
Garth Hankinson: Yes, in terms of the first part of that question, the Q1 changed our point of view for the full year. I would say that at this time, it's too early for us to make any changes to our outlook for the year given one-quarter end. The one thing that I would highlight, right, as Bill noted in his script, depletions in our beer business exceeded our expectations as well as the expectations of our distributor, our retail partners. So, that's something that we'll watch very, very closely as we move through Q2 and through the balance of the year. And look, when -- as we go through the year and we do see changes to our business, we'll be sure to update you all on our guidance expectations. But as of right now, we're very comfortable with the guidance that we provided and reaffirm today with a bit of a tick-up on our EPS related to the share repurchase program.
