Garth Hankinson: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So I'll take those in that order. First, on the funding of the $1.5 billion. First of all, we're in a very enviable position given the strength of our balance sheet and given our investment-grade rating. We're -- obviously, given the timing of this proposal, we're still thinking through exactly how we're going to fund the $1.5 billion, but likely will include some new debt and may or may not include some of our existing debt that we have available to us under the revolver. So there will be more to come on that as we move forward. That being said, whatever we do, we do remain committed to our investment-grade rating, and we intend to remain within our targeted leverage range and can do so as we support this commitment. On the digital business acceleration cost, so -- this is -- this will be a multiyear program that's in place. What the spend will be in future years? We will work on that as we move through this year and into next. But this is not a pull forward per se, this will be incremental investment, and so you'll see more about that, as I said, as we move through this year and into next.
Garth Hankinson: Yes, Bonnie. So Bill and I will probably try to tag team a little bit in response to your question. So I would say, first of all, Q1 was on our estimates for the quarter, keeping in mind, as we stated, as we entered the year that this year would be a bit lumpy just like last year was a bit lumpy as we've been overlapping the production issues we had last year. So you'll continue to see some of that lumpiness. For the balance of the year, I would say that we continue to expect that we're going to have strong depletions, and we will continue to have shipment growth that is in line with our long-term algorithm. So the business will continue very much going forward in a very strong manner. As it relates specifically to the guidance, I kind of alluded to this in my scripts, while we did get a benefit from the share repurchases, obviously, from retiring more shares and reduced share count, we also introduced today the incremental spend on the digital business acceleration initiative. And those 2 things kind of net out against one another. And for that matter, as we look again to the balance of the year, it's just a little bit too early for us to make any adjustments given that we're still monitoring macroeconomic conditions as well as what those economic conditions, including inflation, have on the consumer.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. And on the Canopy question, there's no doubt that over the past couple of years, Canopy has faced a number of headwinds. That being said, we remain very, very positive on the category and very optimistic for Canopy. The reason we feel that way, right, is that, number one, in Canada, we believe that the Canopy team, through its recent announced restructuring programs, have a renewed focus on driving the premium end of that business, which is profitable and that the team up there is on a path to profitability in the near term. In the U.S., we continue to see very good green shoots for the category in general in terms of consumer consumption. Whether you look at retail sales or you look at state-by-state tax income associated with cannabis sales, both are growing very, very quite nicely showing that the consumer is adopting the category. We also really like the approach that the Canopy team has taken in the U.S. If you look at some of the -- some of the options that Bill outlined in his prepared remarks, Canopy's position with Acreage and TerrAscend and Jetty and Wana have them very well positioned to take advantage of the U.S. market once it does open up and once legalization occurs. So that's why we remain -- that's why we continue to have conviction on the category.
Bill Newlands: Yes. The only thing, Bonnie, that I would add to that is I always try to look at what our depletion rate looks like and to make sure that you're seeing the consumer takeaway. And as we stated, we're gaining significant share in our beer business. We're gaining share in almost every sector of our Wine & Spirits business. Both of those were very positive within the quarter. And don't get confused or fuddled, if you will, by the lumpiness of the shipment timing because, last year, as we know, because of weather-related events, was a bit unusual. And so therefore, the overlaps in particular, quarters of this year will be a little different. I look at the depletions, and our depletions were very strong, yielding share-gaining performance within the market. More importantly, we are continuing to see strong consumer demand throughout the year. And certainly, the consumers continues to be interested with our business despite an understanding that there's -- it's going to be an interesting year relative to questions around inflation and around recession. But we remain very confident in the performance of our business, and I think it was reflected in the quarter we delivered.
Bill Newlands: Sure. well, let's deal with a few facts that I think are very strong and supportive of our business. We are finding that 7 out of 10 shoppers who purchased beer have that as a planned purchase before leaving their home. I think that's very strong. It speaks very well to our business. We then look at a thing like buy rate. And buy rate, the way we discuss buy rate is equal to the number of trips times the spend that occurs during the trip. And that's actually up versus pre-pandemic levels and is actually accelerating in Q1 for beer versus the prior 3 months. I think those are very strong indications of the strength of our portfolio, particularly when you look at the share gains that both Garth and I have alluded to up to this point. June looks consistent with our yearly algorithm. I think it was another very solid month, and it's consistent with what our expectations are for the year, as we've said it earlier. So just to recap. Modelo continues to be on fire. We're continuing to see strong results in Corona Extra. Once we get over the supply chain issues in Pacifico -- you saw a very, very strong quarter in Pacifico. So our anticipation is that we are going to continue to see a very solid year in our beer business as the year progresses, recognizing there's a lot of unknown variables that are going to go on relative to the economy.
Bill Newlands: So our -- we've been very clear that our long-term algorithm on pricing is 1% to 2%. As you know, last year, we were slightly above that result. And frankly, we think that it is particularly important to keep the consumer in mind as we make choices around our pricing algorithm. Our current algorithm works very well for us. And it's fairly flexible. And the benefit of that approach is it does provide the flexibility as we watch and see how things develop over the course of the year. So what I can assure you of is we are closely monitoring what is going on both from an inflationary standpoint as well as pricing, and we'll be ready to adjust our approach if that proves to be necessary or appropriate. But what I would say is it's not going to change our long-term algorithm. We still believe that 1% to 2% over time is correct for our business and helps us maintain our consumer base, which ultimately, at the end of the day is what it's all about.
Bill Newlands: Sure. So to answer the first question, it's both. Depletes and volume, we expect to be roughly equal over the course of the year. Because there is growth, shipments are always a little bit higher because you're working off a bigger base. So there's always a bit more shipment in any year because, unfortunately, we have a strong growth profile within our business. Premiumization rates, and I think this is an important one also relative to our portfolio, are continuing to hold. In fact, in beer, 59% of dollars are now in the high end. You remember just a few years ago, when we were predicting that we'd pass 50%. It's continued up to 59.5% as of this point in time, which is up 1 point -- 1.1 points versus prior year. You're also seeing similar activity in the wine business, where the premiumization that's occurring is continuing to occur there as well. All of those things speak very well to the sustainability of our growth profile for our business. And as we've said before, there's still plenty of room for growth within all of our franchises. But using Modelo as an example, Modelo is still growing substantially in a lot of secondary markets where there's a lot of distribution opportunity as well as gaining share in markets that have more sustained and long-term strength. So we're very comfortable that we have a long and sustained runway for growth across all of our brands, and certainly, the facts are backing that up.
Bill Newlands: Certainly, it's something that we're all watching. One of the benefits that you've seen in at historical times of recession or recessionary style trends is alcohol beverage tends to be an affordable luxury, and therefore, it tends to continue to be consumed during that window of time. Let me give you an exact fact around beer-drinking households. It holds an essential status for many, many consumers. In fact, if you look at 172 edible categories, beer ranks 15, about -- and therefore, what it says is the consumer is consistently wanting to continue to participate in this category. That doesn't mean that there won't be short-term impacts because of gas prices and other inflationary pressures. But overall, it tends to be a category that is -- that is a stable for a lot of people, and that's probably particularly true for our Hispanic consumer base, which, as you know, we over-index with that consumer base. So I think it speaks pretty well to our position at least of being able to work our way through a recessionary environment pretty -- in a pretty healthy way.
Bill Newlands: Sure. Let me take the first part of that because you are correct. If you look at the data, it certainly shows that the pricing scenario at the moment is above the 1 to 2 algorithm. There's a number of things involved in that. One is it only reflects tracked channels. So that's a piece of it. It is partly mixed. As you see different sizes and different products and different subcategories within beer affecting it, you see different scenarios. It's partly retailers making choices about hitting specific price points, which, in some instances, will drive the percentage higher but doesn't reflect the change in our pricing strategy. As I said earlier, I think this all goes back to our algorithm being particularly important and particularly flexible in our ability to see what's happening in the market and adjust as necessary as part of it. But all of those elements weigh into what is certainly some higher pricing than what we have noted in our words.
Bill Newlands: They are extraordinary times. And I think the one thing that's important, Robert, in extraordinary times is to remain balanced, sensible and not sort of get caught up in the world wind at the moment and doing things that what I would describe as anti consumer. So that's why we are, again, saying that we are going to be judicious as to how we look at this, balancing the understanding that there are a lot of pressures that our consumers and all consumers are under because of inflationary pressures in the market. You have seen some increase in pricing as one of the prior callers asked that is being taken either at the distributor level or at the retail level to hit specific price points, and it's being reflected. So we're trying to walk the delicate line of what's appropriate, what is -- what can we do to reflect and address the rising costs that we are all facing while keeping our consumer base. We think that's in the long-term interest not only of our company but for the category as well. And as I said, we are going to be very judicious, we are watching it very closely. And as I said earlier, not to repeat myself, but we do have a very flexible algorithm that allows us to address questions in real time, and I can assure you we keep our eye on it almost on a daily basis.
Bill Newlands: So let me try to -- hopefully, I'll answer most of those here as I try to answer it. First of all, let me go back to something that I said in my prepared remarks, which is, while it looks like we shipped a lot more than we depleted in the first quarter, that is purely because of the overlap of last year where there was weather events. And the absolute -- on the beer side, the ships and depletes in the absolute were roughly the same, and we expect that to remain over the course of the year. As Garth noted a little earlier, it is going to be a little lumpy because we had a time in the first quarter where we went against weather-related activities. We obviously, in the back half of the year went against times when we were rebuilding the inventories for last year. So it will just be a bit of a lumpy year. Relative to pricing, most of our pricing, as we look at how we do it, is roughly 60% in the first half and 40% in the second half. That's just the way it has worked consistently. So we do have pricing moments. And as you know, we look at it SKU by SKU, market by market. We don't do broad-based pricing answers if it is a very micro view of pricing and how we look at it. So again, that gives us the opportunity to see how the year is developing, what opportunities exist in the marketplace. And we look at that, as I said, on an ongoing basis. So we think that, that remains the best way for us to proceed. It's worked very well for our company over the course of time, and we think it's going to continue to serve us well going forward.
Bill Newlands: Sure. You bet. So in wine, and I quoted the beer example earlier, in wine, the entry levels of the high end are, frankly, the most robust growth profiles, and that's sort of in that $11 to $25 range. That represents about 28% to 29% of total dollars. And that's also, interestingly enough, it's the exact same number, 1.1 points versus a year ago. I quoted the beer one was also 1.1 points a bit earlier, but that's also up 1.1 points. And of course, that's perfect for us because we've got brands like Kim Crawford, Meiomi and Unshackled and various other brands that fit right into that price point. So therefore, it's not surprising that those brands are doing extraordinarily well. As I said earlier, our premium wine and our fine wine and craft spirits businesses had a very strong quarter with strong depletion growth of 8% and 16%, respectively. So we had a very strong start in wine. And certainly, the premiumization that you're seeing continues. It would be a different answer if we talked about mainstream wine where, frankly, it's been more challenged, even though we're very pleased that our Woodbridge brand is gaining share in a challenged subcategory. So overall, it's very similar in style to what I responded earlier in beer, and we're quite pleased that it is.
Bill Newlands: Great. Thanks again. Thank you all for joining our call today. As you could hear, we're off to a very good start to the year. We delivered excellent operating performance, underpinned by strong business fundamentals which provides us with great momentum as we head into our key summer selling season. Consumer demand and takeaway especially for our beer brands, remains robust as I've stated before, and we're well positioned to achieve our targeted financial goals for the year. Overall, we've demonstrated again that we're committed to pursuing our strategic growth initiatives while returning value to our shareholders. In closing, I'd like to wish everyone in the United States, a happy fourth of July holiday weekend and hope your celebrations with your friends and family include some of our fantastic beer, wine and spirits products. Thanks again, everybody, and have a safe and healthy summer.
