David Klein: So, we don’t typically provide the long-term guidance. We provided the medium-term guidance if you will, so we can give people a sense of our Beer business. I would say that we still intend to have beer margins that are in line with the industry leaders in North America. In fact, we would likely be the benchmark if we achieve our mid-30s guidance in the mid-term. I would also say that it’s -- we are early on in the process of bringing our capacity online with Nava and so Dara to really answer your question, specifically once we get that production capacity in place, we will be in a better position to make an adjustment if any to our medium-term guidance.
David Klein: Yeah. So, we do know there is cannibalization between the can and the bottle. When we pick a part of our business and we look at the drivers and drags of our business, we see a little cannibalization. But you have to look at our numbers year-to-date and you see that our bottle depletions are up mid single-digits while our cans have expanded from 3% of our mix last year to 6% of our mix this year. So, we are seeing some cannibalizations but we are not seeing it effect the overall brand of Corona. In terms of where we think the mix can get to, our Modelo brand is more of a can centric brand. We don’t really see Corona becoming a can centric brand. The purpose of the can is to just provide incremental consumption occasions for our consumers.
David Klein: Okay, Judy. Yes, so when I referenced the glass joint venture performance, I am really talking about and you will see this in our Q, which we intend to file today, which is a first for us to file our Q on the same day as earnings calls. You will see that we have a profit at the glass joint venture level, which was not in our expectations for the year, because there were a fair number of startup costs. So we’ve -- we -- the joint venture team on the ground in Nava, as well as our partners at Owens-Illinois have done an outstanding job of smoothly getting our furnished at Nava functioning well. So as a result of that we’re seeing better profit performance from the joint venture and that allows us to shift our mix just a little bit and I don’t have the exact numbers Judy, but to shift our mix a little bit toward our own glass plant as opposed to third-party providers, which gives us near-term in particular freight benefits as it relates to the glass plant. And we have a -- to get on the Vitro acquisition question, we have a very strong relationship with Owens-Illinois. We have the separation if you will that comes from owning the joint venture with O-I and so we’re not concerned at all about O-I taking or acquiring Vitro, because again, we control our own destiny along with O-I at our own joint venture.
David Klein: Yeah. So as we position this business for total shareholder return for the medium-term, the most important thing that we can do is ensure that we have enough capacity to service our high margin Beer business. And so when we think about capital allocation, number one inline is that capital expenditure required to build out Nava and to build out a second site at some point in the future. So that’s really number one. I would say then beyond that we -- our capital allocation strategy hasn’t change. We remained committed to our dividend, as well as share repurchases and tuck-in acquisitions. I’d also say, we’re pretty happy coming out of the quarter with a net debt leverage ratio of about 3.7 times, which is in our range at 3 to 4 times. And I guess, where I would just caution on that leverage ratio range provide a little bit of caution in that. We have a lot of spend to complete the Nava build-out in the second half of the year and so, we’re just going to be very careful with our capital decisions as we go through the build-out.
David Klein: Yeah. So as it relates to a new green field facility, what we’ve stated in the past is that, we haven’t made a decision on specific location, although we are planning for Western Mexico. We haven’t made a decision on size of the build-out and then we have provided a really large range of $100 to $150 a hectoliter, recognizing that a green field will be completely starting from scratch with no basic infrastructure, which we benefited from at the Nava facility. So, we will come back to you within the next several months with definitive plans around our build-out. And I would say, based upon our volume growth numbers that that we demonstrated this quarter and for the last while, we will be spending the capital on a green field sooner than later, because its going to take four years to build out another brewery and with these kind of growth rates we will needed to keep up with capacity. I think to then answer your question on share repurchases, again, we’re going to evaluate our circumstances as we go forward and depending upon the capital requirements and our leverage ratio and understanding the requirements from our dividends, we’ll then consider share repurchases. I don’t see anything in the very near-term though, we said this publicly as well around a large accelerated kind of program. It’s likely to be methodical and it’s likely to start out with absorbing dilution.
David Klein: None whatsoever. We’re actually pretty happy with the progress we made in the build out at Nava. In fact, we’ve now run beer down our premium glass line. So for the first time, we put labels and foil on bottles because our previous production have been Corona, primarily Corona Extra and Corona Light using the applied ceramic label bottles. And so now our premium glass line, which is Modelo Especial has run beer down the line, which is a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be at this moment. So we’re very pleased with our progress on the brewery build out.
David Klein: I think you’ll continue to see our wine CapEx in the range it has been for the past several years. We don’t expect the big change in that regard.
David Klein: Yes. See that’s the problem with the FX and commodity related items. There is a fair amount of variability when you’re trying to predict it. But you know that we’ll say about our peso exposure, it’s about 15% or so of our COGS and from that you have to exclude the COGS that are attributable to ABI. And generally, we run a three year layer hedging program across our currency and commodities. And so for the remainder of this year, we are roughly 80% hedged on FX.
David Klein: Yes. So we expect in our Beer business for our marketing expense to be somewhere between 8.5% to 9% of net sales which implies we will continue spending at kind of the second quarter rate. As a percent of net sales, our case rate I think goes up a little bit in Q3. I will also say that that’s going to be Q3 weighted as we take advantage of the fall sports season, which we found to be a successful platform for driving our brands. But we measure and are very pleased with the returns we get from our marketing investment in our beer brands and we will continue to keep that pressure on.
David Klein: That’s largely because our spirits business is really sort of a mid premium as opposed to higher premium. So the margins are roughly the same as the wine business.
David Klein: Yeah. In the back half -- the further you get in the year, obviously you know what sorts of settlement opportunities you might be working on and I would say that we are pretty confident in our outlook for that full year rate. And I also say that our initial 30.5% guidance for the year actually included the benefits that we realized in the second quarter. What we didn’t provide and we didn’t have clear line of sight into was the timing at which we would receive these benefits.
David Klein: So we have -- in terms of supply chain procurement, not finished goods procurement we have largely separated ourselves from reliance on ABI. And then separately, we will continue to procure finished goods from ABI’s breweries until June of next year of 2016.
David Klein: Yeah. And I would say that as far as the consumer goes, I’m not sure that we agree with you that it’s two completely different consumer bases. I think that we’ve seen a shift somewhat at least in the growth from cans to bottles. The can is only slightly priced less than the bottle. It’s really almost irrelevant the pricing difference. Interestingly enough cans have in general taken on a very premium image since it’s becoming the package of choice in the craft segment of the market. So the whole view towards cans in general I would say is shifting quite significantly from a consumer perspective. So we don’t see any difficulties in marketing the cans and the bottles together, like everybody else does markets cans and bottles. So that’s not a particularly unique aspect of our Modelo Especial business, which, as we said earlier, is actually growing more than it ever has on an incredibly large base. So the strength of that brand is phenomenal at this stage without it really having fully transitioned to a general market product and it is transitioning to a general market product. Again, with our own help as we turned on general market TV advertising, which has been very successful and we know that there is huge room for distribution growth in that brand and you will see it. You will see it as we continue to move forward and execute with that brand. You’ll see the ACV continue to go up. That’s simply going to be the case as we believe quite strongly at the current time. So the cans are strong. The bottles are strong. It’s following the same pattern as many brands that have become a major brands and Corona is probably the best example of that.
Rob Sands: Yes. I think that we continue to test Corona Draft in a number of places. And I would say that the Corona Draft test is proving to be very successful. And I guess you could ask what do we mean by that, okay? And what we do mean by that is, we see it thus far as being additive as opposed to just sort of a peer swap out on-premise. And then where we do have it, we see some positive effects in the marketplace around it, meaning in the off-premise. There seems to be a positive effect when we have Corona on Draft on the on-premise on than our off-premise sales in the area. So the test is positive, but at the same time Corona is our by far most important brand. And we are going to be very thoughtful about how we proceed basically with anything new with that brand. So good news is the brand is performing better than ever right now or at least as it relates to shorter-term history. So again, Beer business is extremely strong.
Rob Sands: Yes. Well, Judy, you know, we basically -- our guidance has called out high single digit for beer depletion performance. And obviously, we are outperforming that at 10%. So I would say that our beer depletion performance exceeds our expectations. But realizing that we have some -- continued to have tough overlaps in terms of strong growth last year too, I mean we can only be relatively cautious as to the kind of growth that we are willing to predict. So I hope we far exceed those numbers, but I think that high single digit remains, depletion growth remains a good estimate. We do have some pricing that we are taking right now in the marketplace in the 1% to 2% range like we talked about historically. And while we feel that the brand is in an extremely strong position to take that pricing, it’s not as if it will have zero impact on depletion growth. And then in terms of IRI and the disconnect, I think that IRI only measures about half of the business, the half that it doesn’t measure is the half that’s not necessarily industry-wide performing very well, like the on-premise for instance, and liquor stores as an example that are the more sluggish part of the industry. That said, we are performing of course better than anybody else in those channels, but those channels are not the highest performing channels, whereas the IRI channels being grocery and convenience are some of the strongest channels at the current time. So I would say that’s where the disconnect is.
Rob Sands: I would say that you’re right on in calling out distribution. So we know, for example, that Modelo Especial roughly has 65 ACV across the market, but we also know that we have packs Light, our 12 packs bottle, which is more like 45, right. So we have a lot of ground that we can cover from a distribution standpoint. I do want to come back on the year of the can, however. We’ve seen a lot of growth in Corona Extra from our year of the can program. We’ve also seen a lot of growth on the Corona Light, which was a bit of ancillary benefit that came from our focus on cans and Corona. So yes, I think there are a lot of opportunities for a future growth in our brands.
Rob Sands: Yes. I think around Modelo Especial on your particular point, we have a year-to-date depletions that are in the high 20% on the bottle itself. So that’s a package that’s growing really well for us. And so the momentum behind the brand continues. I see us continuing our strategy of focusing on our -- building out our strong distribution network, gaining more distribution at retail, getting our brewery completed and continuing to execute across the entire portfolio of beers that we have.
Rob Sands: Yeah. I think when we look at our Wine and Spirits business, I think it’s important to -- that we are focused on the U.S. business but then when you breakdown, which amounts to 80% of our net sales by the way overall. But then when you breakdown our wine versus spirits margins, they are roughly in line across the portfolio.
Rob Sands: Yeah. So, first of all, as it relates to pricing, it is pretty much what we’ve said all along throughout the year, which is that we’ve expected to take in the 1% to 2% pricing range and that’s what we are doing. So the strategy really hasn’t changed. I mean like every other business, we’ve got costs to cover and our brands are strong enough to bear that kind of pricing. If there is any change in our strategy, I would say that the marketplace is changing somewhat in terms of sort of the makeup of the types of products that are out there. The market, I mean the industry is definitively premiumizing, while volume remains sort of flat so that there is a shift internally towards more premium products. And I would say that that probably has given us the opportunity to be less focused on what’s going on with competitive products and to be more focused on what do we think is good for our brand and what do we think will work and won’t work. So we continue to be very strategic in our pricing. We are doing it on a market-by-market, brand-by-brand basis. Our guidance nevertheless hasn’t changed. We are still looking at the 1% to 2% range. And you can call it leading or not leading. We are sort of I would say marching to our own beat as opposed to too worried about what some of our competitors are doing overall. And that’s sort of up to them. And we will do what we think the market will bear for our brands and what’s good for the health of our brands. So in some cases that will mean that we will lead pricing. But as I said, the market has changed, it’s premiumizing. 10% of the industry now is craft, selling at very high prices, right. And the other 10% of the market is basically us. And those are the two segments, that 20% obviously taking share from the other 80%. So things are a little different out there than they have been in the past.
Rob Sands: Yes. I would say in general, we are not overly focused on the pricing gap with the domestic premiums. I mean, the domestic premiums have sort of taken on the life of their own. I am not sure how relevant it is at this stage.
Rob Sands: So, I don’t think we see any issues with pinot noir sourcing, which is doing quite a bit of it between Mark West, Robert Mondavi, the various tiers at Meiomi. But I would say that our supply chain is very well nailed down. And then I think to your question on the pricing in the marketplace, I think that pricing -- I mean, I think the answer to your question is maybe yes, yes. I think that even in the higher end -- I certainly don’t see pricing going the other way. It hasn’t been a very robust market over a number of years in terms of pricing but if you sort of listen to the talk out there and in industry type circles, I think everybody is sort of -- meaning, the market in general is probably more favorable to stop pricing than it has done in quite a number of years so.
Rob Sands: Yes. So, clearly implied in the guidance that brings us back into the 34% range, margins will compress a little bit in the back half of the year as a result of several headwinds if you will. Those being bringing on -- bringing assets into service, our depreciation number will go up, line commissioning costs, incremental employees where training as well as throughput lowering as we go into the back half of the year at Nava just based on the seasonality of our production. So, I would say that built into the 34% is our current estimate of FX and commodity rates for the rest of the year.
Rob Sands: It’s a little bit of both. And so from a hedging perspective, we run a three-year layering program and so we are -- we kind of stabilize our returns a little bit, which means you leave some money on the table when commodity prices and FX values are falling and you gain on the other sides. So, I would say that we will get, assuming commodity rates were to stay where they are today and primarily for us, we are talking about benefiting from diesel rates as well as aluminum. But assuming those rates were to stay as they are today, there would be some benefit that we would experience next year. It’s just far too early to call what that is at this point.
Rob Sands: Well, first think I would say that from a consumer experience standpoint, our research and the feedback that we receive is that as more people in the U.S. become expose to Modelo Especial, they tend to continue to drink it. So it’s a very high quality well respected authentic brand from Mexico. To address you’re -- the can versus bottle component, we had depletions year-to-date on cans that are 12-ish percent on the can part of the portfolio and then bottles it’s, we were in the high 20% growth rate from a depletion standpoint. So, we’re seeing growth coming across the spectrum of offerings on Modelo Especial.
Rob Sands: Yeah. So, we -- there is some overlap of wholesalers, they carry the Spencer brands or the Heineken/Spencer brands and ourselves, quite a bit of overlap in fact. I would say that that is totally irrelevant to us. The Spencer brands are small, okay, and in terms of growth they have some growth in the [indiscernible] brand, which is less than half the size for instance of Modelo Especial and growth is slowdown. And Tecate I think is a negative territory and they’ve had some growth in Tecate Light with basically -- which basically sells at the domestic premium price point. So we don’t really view that as a particularly strong competition and we don’t really care whether they are in MillerCoors or ABI or frankly, where they go, because we don’t focus on that portfolio very much and Heineken’s a whole different animal obviously.
Rob Sands: I think is competing with a different consumer base in general than our Mexican portfolio. So, again, it’s not something that we really focused on. And then in general, our modus operandi is to worry more about our portfolio and the opportunities there, and execution is going to be the key on our portfolio in the future, which is going to be about taking advantage of distribution opportunities. And basically increasing the number of SKUs per account, I mean, that’s really what we where the opportunity lies for us, because we actually generate a huge amount of growth for ourselves and our retailers with a relatively small amount of shelf presence and we’re under SKU-ed given our velocity and our dollar volume at retail. So there is just a big opportunity there for us and our retailers. Our retailers are and should be interested in increasing their sales and margin per unit space -- per unit space of shelf space. That’s what they are all about and probably their biggest opportunity to do that and to get dollar sales turns and even more importantly margin is through increased SKU and shelf space for our portfolio. So -- and you know, when we talk to retailers about that, I think they realize the statistics are just overwhelming for them as a way to increase their profitability. So building our SKU count per retail account is going to be one of our primary focuses going forward.
Rob Sands: A lot. We’ve just introduced it really and made it a priority over the last relatively short period of time. So I think that there is a big opportunity for more distribution on that. Right, it’s only about 5% of our volume at the current time and we should be growing that to more like 15% or 20%. So that will be achieved through continuing to build distribution and doing what I said, focusing on SKUs per count.
Rob Sands: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for joining our call today. As we close the discussion of our second quarter results for fiscal 2016, I’m very, very pleased with what our business has achieved so far. Though the year is far from complete, our new guidance reflects the confidence we have in our ability to execute in the second half and achieve our goals for the full year. We look forward to the next time we speak with you in early January when we will share the results of our third quarter. Until then we wish you a safe and happy holiday season. This time of the year is a great opportunity to share our fine beer, wine and spirits products with friends and family. And we encourage you to make Constellation Brands a part of your celebrations this holiday. So thanks again everybody and have a great day.
