Robert Sands: As to your first question, the inventory reduction that occurred in the fourth quarter is complete. That was not something we expected to carry over so it was pretty much a one-time activity that we finished up as I said, both started and finished it in the fourth quarter.  As to your second question on the wine industry in the United States, I would say calendar year 2010 we are actually looking for about similar growth rates overall in all channels to calendar year 2009. In 2009 the wine business was probably flat to up slightly and in 2010 we are not projecting anything much different than that. Again, probably flat to maybe up 1% and I would like to emphasize that is in all channels meaning on-premise and off-premise and within off-premise the grocery channel, the mass merchandise channel and the club channel.  In general, as I said, pretty similar trends this year versus last year. 
Robert Sands: I would say we are actually fairly cautious on projecting big improvements in calendar year 2010. I would just say until we really start seeing some significant improvement in unemployment we really don’t expect trends to change significantly. I would say the industry is fundamentally healthy given the economic trends I think being flat to up slightly is pretty good. But we do see a continuation of the negative trends in the on-premise channel in particular which is offsetting gains in the off-premise. We see pretty good and healthy trends in the IRI channel of grocery and we probably see the strongest trends in the mass merchandise and club channel which are not reflected in IRI. 
Robert Sands: First of all I was talking about the industry in general, not our on-premise business. Some restaurant chains have been reporting some improved traffic but I think overall we don’t really see huge improvements from an industry perspective in on-premise at the current time. I think to the extent that some restaurant chains are reporting more positive trends it may be they are going to be down a little bit less but there is still a lot of restaurant closures occurring that are offsetting any positive trends.  There is definitely if you look at who is projecting anything that you could call positive it is really sort of the value end of the restaurant chain business. Obviously some restaurant chains may be reporting they are more optimistic going into this year but overall we don’t see a big change in the on-premise as we move into 2010. If the economy improves and unemployment abates that may change but at the moment I would say there are pretty significant trends of people staying at home, eating at home and not going out as much. We don’t see that consumer behavior changing dramatically right now. 
Robert Sands: I will answer that one. The board authorized $300 million of share buyback and I think if you look at the midpoint of the free cash flow guidance we gave which was $350-400 million, that midpoint is above the $300 million. So we have used the cash flow above the approved share buyback to pay down debt. 
Robert Sands: If you are talking about EBITDA leverage ratio it will essentially be flat. Remember also we received $60 million for our Sazerac note which although it doesn’t hit free cash flow it does reduce debt in FY11 because we received it in our first month of the new fiscal year. Our leverage ratio will essentially be flattish. 
Robert Sands: First of all, I wouldn’t characterize it quite that way. It is pretty much as we have said all throughout the year. We put inventory in the second quarter in anticipation of our consolidation efforts where we normally put it into the third quarter. Third quarter I would say due to economic conditions consumer takeaway was a bit less than we anticipated and therefore inventory levels ended up a bit higher than we anticipated. Then of course in the fourth quarter we felt that we had the room to adjust and we did take advantage of that and we reduced significantly distributor inventories during that period in a number of markets but primarily in that 60% as you indicated.  I wouldn’t call it a forecasting issue as you suggested. In fact, we decided that as long as we were going to get some benefit out of taking inventory levels down in the fourth quarter then it was in our best interest and we did get some benefit in that we negotiated some additional investment from the distributors behind our brands in exchange for the inventory reduction. In general, I would also point out our inventories at distributors are not particularly high from an industry perspective. They run somewhere even currently in the 60-90 day range which I would say is consistent with distributor inventories as a general proposition across the United States and significantly below many suppliers.  It was really all about the fact that we thought in the fourth quarter we thought there was an opportunity to do something that we thought was best for our distributors in exchange for more investment behind our brands to drive results in the future. That is really what went on. 
Robert Sands: Sure. Number one it was a large harvest in 2009. I think it was the second largest harvest in history. That said, the supply situation in California is pretty well balanced at the current time. As we went into this harvest from the previous harvest I would say the industry was tipped on the side of under supply. As we went into this harvest although it was a big harvest it was primarily large in what we call the North Central Valley and that is where most of the… let me put it this way, other than the North Central Valley the crop was pretty average in size and in some cases even smaller.  That said, bulk wine supplies even in North Central Valley type products were pretty low as we went into this harvest. Therefore when all is said and done and given the fact we are probably tipping towards under supply and therefore shortages especially in some of the key varieties like Chardonnay which continues to grow pretty heavily I would say that even though the crop was big we still end up in a fairly balanced state as we go forward. I definitely wouldn’t characterize it as over supply. If anything it was under supply and moved more towards balance. 
Robert Sands: They are apparently, it hasn’t occurred yet and it remains to be seen whether they do in fact launch it, but they claim they are launching a comparably priced product called (inaudible) and I think that is really sort of indicative of the fact that our product is extremely successful. It is growing very rapidly. There is actually a lot of imitators out there in the market and a lot of vodkas that are priced in that category. One more I would say really doesn’t matter much. It doesn’t really particularly concern us. We have always got our eye on competition and that is why we have initiated the new advertising campaign with regard to SVEDKA. It is on TV this year and we are doing a lot of things to continue to build the strength of what already is a very, very strong brand.  I would say imitation is the strongest form of flattery. That is about as much as I would say about it. One more vodka priced at that price point as I said doesn’t particularly concern us. We see great momentum behind SVEDKA as we have ended our fiscal 2010 and we see great momentum behind it as we enter 2011. We really are seeing no slow down at all in the momentum behind the brand. The consumer is deciding what they want and SVEDKA is clearly meeting all consumer needs in that particular category at the time.  I am sure not only will Diageo have a product but I think there will be other products and if anything it will grow that drink segment in the category overall as people pour more money into this mid priced vodka category. So it could actually be very favorable to us to have more entrants into the category. As I said, there is already a lot and there always has been a lot of vodka priced in that price range. It is not something that concerns us. 
Robert Sands: No. We anticipate no inventory reduction in the first quarter. In fact we are not anticipating any further actions of this nature at this time. It was exclusively related to the fourth quarter. 
Robert Sands: Inventory levels in the trade now are at normalized levels as a general proposition so we don’t anticipate it impacting us at all. 
Robert Sands: Sure. I think looking at the industry I think we will continue to see continued trading up in the industry with the higher price points growing at a faster rate than the lower price points. Right now we do see some acceleration in the everyday wine up to $5. I would expect that to continue as well. Last year they went from being in decline to some pretty significant growth.  That said, there was also some pretty big pricing taken in the under $5 category and I would expect perhaps that to slow down that growth a bit as we go into this year. Now despite the fact we also see sort of continued positive mix shift and higher priced categories growing at a faster rate, in general the lower price categories are still within category I would say seems to be some tendency to go to the lower end of categories and there is still quite a bit of discounting going on, which is driving the fact that some of the categories like the luxury categories $15-20, why that category is growing and continues to grow nicely. Because you have some of the above $20 discounting into that category which is driving the category growth.  It is kind of a good news/bad news kind of a thing. Good news is consumers are continuing to trade up as a general proposition in wine. The bad news is that is being fueled by some fairly heavy discounting of more expensive wines. So that negatively impacts margin at the higher price points. As I said, it is kind of a good news/bad news kind of story. Overall things are pretty healthy. Overall there will be some growth we anticipate in the industry overall. Overall we do expect some positive mix shift for the industry and then on the negative side is that mix shift could be offset by some continued heavy discounting in the marketplace.  That is kind of where things shake out. 
Robert Sands: Maybe. That is a theory. We will see what happens this year. As far as our wines in that price point right about $5 we actually are seeing some pretty good results. We see with Woodbridge some positive trends. That is good. Rex Goliath which is a brand that we have positioned and put some effort behind we are seeing gigantic growth in it. Very high double digits. In general I would say just above the $5 price point range is pretty healthy for us. 
Robert Sands: Not really. No update. That is proceeding as one would expect. These things tend to move slow. I would reiterate it is really a generally immaterial thing. We did file a motion to dismiss the lawsuit. We are ultimately awaiting the results of that motion to dismiss. Clearly we would be hopeful on that but these things are somewhat unpredictable. 
Robert Sands: Thank you everyone for joining our call today. As I indicated I am pleased with the progress that we have made throughout the past year particularly with our strong free cash flow generation, our significant debt reduction and our operational improvements. I certainly believe we are well positioned for success in the future and have initiatives underway in fiscal 2011 that will help us to achieve our longer term strategic objectives.  We will be participating in investor conferences and road shows throughout most of May so we will look forward to seeing many of you while we are on the road. Again, thank you for your participation. 
Robert Ryder: If you just do the rough math I think what we said is we expect Crown to be down mid single digits. We expect some pressures to continue on our international business so we probably expect EBIT to be down there. Although interest expense is coming down pretty dramatically it is pretty much offset by an increase in tax rate and an increase in share count. So kind of rough math, if you looked at the numbers we gave you, EBIT is down a little bit and everything else kind of offsets. That is why we are down $0.09 if you use the midpoint for FY11 of $1.60 versus the $1.69 this year in FY10. 
Robert Ryder: We don’t really talk about quarterly guidance. The one thing we did say as some of you may have noticed as you were watching Major League Baseball you will see some new Corona commercials. The way the accounting works on that you will see some front-loaded expense because the commercial flights happened. So we wanted to give you a bit of a heads up so there wouldn’t be a surprise for Q1 and it is just marketing expense timing. Beyond that we really don’t get involved in giving quarterly guidance. 
Robert Ryder: From a shipment perspective, this year we were kind of combined Q2 and Q3 because it was kind of a movement from Q3 to Q2 as you said and Q4 because we kind of hold back a little bit on shipments which we spoke of there should be lower sales than next year. You have it pretty right. 
Robert Ryder: That is kind of a theoretical question and you have all the data. What we said was our average cost of borrowing last year was around 6%. But our revolver is in two pieces, it’s LIBOR plus 1.25 or LIBOR plus 2.50. As we have said, we are not using all free cash flow to buy back stock. We are also de-leveraging. If you want to use the incremental revolver rate, the overall average interest rate, if you want to take your own shot at the forward curve the cost of debt, so between 3-7%.
Robert Ryder: On an incremental basis, you are calculating a free share dilution in the short-term. I think you can assume the average revolver rate. 
Robert Ryder: You are right. We are kind of double counting some things and not others. So you are correct. If you equalize the tax rate for this year you are at $1.57. But then you wouldn’t touch next year’s tax rate because we are using 35% in both years. So the way I look at it is EBIT is going to be down slightly because we sold [ph] our Crown international line and you remember we sold the Cider business which although it didn’t have very high margins it did have positive EBIT. Then we said year-over-year if you have already done it, if you take taxes, interest and shares into account they all sort of kind of offset each other.  So you can think about EBIT year-over-year is losing about $0.09 per share and that is the $1.69 to the $1.60. 
Robert Ryder: We have chosen a banker to help us execute this transaction. Between the two of us, we will decide when we want to go into the market. We want to make sure we are not hurting ourselves. Plus the window isn’t open until this call is over. So I would expect it to be towards the early half of the year versus the latter half of the year. 
Robert Ryder: What we wanted to do was kind of keep, because as you guys tell me often, we are a bit of a difficult stock to cover because we kind of have a lot of things that we report and talk about. We want to keep it as true and as organic as possible. We didn’t want to seem disingenuous, kind of taking credit for the stock buyback in next year’s guidance because I kind of look at it differently. What we decided to do was do as much apples-to-apples as possible, give you the data on the stock buyback and when we complete the program it will all be very visible to you. So then we will come out and update our guidance. 
Robert Ryder: The shares goes up. If the stock prices goes up it drives additional dilution and as we ramp new options in the New Year that also drives additional dilution. 
Robert Ryder: That is correct. It is below free cash flow. It is a financing activity. I tried to make that clear in the script (inaudible) 350 to 400.
