Robert Sands: Yes. It actually [indiscernible] had quite a significant impact. And if we had -- if we stripped out just those 2 brands, we would have gained share in the overall category -- wine category for the quarter. So that was -- that really has been a big driver of our overall market share loss in total wine. Now if you look at just table wine, we did gain share in the quarter. And if you look at Premium Plus, we gained share in the quarter too, and I mentioned that because clearly, the Premium Plus category above $5 is our primary focus.
Robert Sands: As far as growing with the category next year, our plan is certainly to grow in line with the category next year. And as we built momentum this year and are either depending on the category, exceeding growth rates or nearing total category growth rates, we should go into next year with good momentum to achieve that.
Robert Sands: Yes. I mean, I'd say the wide majority of it is done. There could still be some adjustments for the fourth quarter because what we've said is for the full year, shipments will equal depletions, right? So you kind of adjust in the fourth quarter to get to the full year balance.
Robert Sands: Yes, good question. So as we know, the beer category has been experiencing negative volumes. The larger domestic players have been taking some pricing. We actually at the Crown business took some frontline pricing in October, not as much as the domestic players, and the pricing was different by brands and by geographies. But the other thing that the Crown business is doing is reducing its promotion spending, which is, in essence, an increase in the net price to the consumer. Now that reduced promotion spending is reinvested in marketing. So that's why when you see the Crown income statement, you'll see a pretty big increase in marketing expense because there's 2 things going on there. There's money coming from promotion down into marketing and there's the incremental funding that's occurring on the Crown P&L versus the prior year. So it's a pretty big increase in the marketing spend. And looking at how volumes and how dollars sales growth has been doing versus the category, it seems to be being pretty successful, and the marketing has been pretty well received. Rob gave some of those awards. So I think those guys are doing a good job and feeling good about their top line. I think the marketing overlaps from prior year are kind of hurting the bottom line, but that should abate as we go into next year.
Robert Sands: Yes. We expect pretty significant increase in the contribution of innovation to our growth in next year, whether it's calendar 2012 or fiscal 2013, almost probably double the rate of the contribution that innovation made in 2012 or calendar 2011. So as I mentioned in my talk, we have very ramped up new product initiatives and expect to introduce almost 20 new products into the marketplace. And this year, it contributed roughly 200 basis points or 2% to our overall growth. And next year it should, as I said, contribute significantly more.
Robert Sands: Yes. I would say, starting with the promotional environment and the holiday season, it's been fairly consistent with how things have played out through the year and basically with last year. Now as you are aware from previous calls, this year's harvest in California was down, and in certain areas and certain varietals, oversupply is turning into undersupply, especially in the North Coast. And as a consequence to that, I would say that we probably think that you will see some pricing being taken on some -- especially higher end products that are suffering from some of the undersupply. That said, are we seeing any widespread examples of that? No. I've put that just more in the category of what people think as opposed to what's really happening. So we're going to be watching it very carefully as we go into next year and see what's happening out there in the marketplace.
Robert Sands: We kind of pulsed that activity, so we've taken some pricing up on some of the value wines and then we've taken some of the pricing back down on the value wines, depending on whether we think we're getting the benefit from the pricing or not over an appropriate period of time. So it can kind of go both ways. But in general, I would say that we're going to be more inclined to price value wines than the opposite, meaning take pricing down or drive for volume or share.
Robert Sands: Well, again, whether we gain share or lose share in the category, it will be very dependent on sort of the decisions we make as to how we price various elements of our portfolio. Our portfolio is large. We've got a lot of wine, and I'll say outside of mainstream categories, whether it's beverage dessert wines, kosher wines, fruit-flavored varietal wine. And we are very tactical on our decisions from a financial perspective as to whether to opt more for pricing or whether to opt more for value. I'd say that's sort of the best measure of how we're doing overall is how we're doing on our focus brands, which is a relatively small portfolio of 17 brands and constitutes the vast majority of our profitability in the United States. So there, we're particularly interested in whether we're gaining or losing share. Now that said, one of the focus brands is the value brand. It is Arbor Mist, it's a big brand. And as I have said, we have made the decision, and we did so last year to -- or this year actuality of this current year to tactically raise prices on that particular brand and to sacrifice some volume, which did impact the overall growth rate of the focus brands. So it's some and some.
Robert Sands: Yes. I think that we're seeing the on-premise channel up for the first time in a long time for us. We've probably gained share on a dollar perspective and lost share on a volume perspective because we've significantly changed the mix of product that we're selling in the on-premise to more high-end Premium Plus product from, I'd say lower end. So the on-premise is rebounding. It's up a bit, we believe, overall, and we believe we're gaining share from a dollar perspective.
Robert Sands: So I don't think that 19 is necessarily too many. But that said, we have had, I'll say, a strategy of narrowing our focus and investment against a smaller number of brand even within our focus brands. So fundamentally, the answer to your question is no, they're not too many, but yes, we agree that in terms of investment that probably narrowing the focus and making bigger bets against a smaller number of brands is probably strategically the way to go. On the other hand, a lot of these brands are very profitable and need to be looked after appropriately. So fundamentally, we agree strategically with what you just suggested.
Robert Sands: Well, we look at those at -- first of all, we don't have a subset of focused focus brands. You made that up, not us. But going along with that concept, you kind of start with what is the biggest piece of the portfolio, and that's the Mondavi franchise, Robert Mondavi at Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi, okay? That in and of itself is a large part or the most important part of the focus brand portfolio. Then you got a few -- I'm not just talking about wine here, you got a few other important brands, like SVEDKA Vodka, like Kim Crawford. Those would be examples of brands that really rise to the top in terms of their level of importance, Clos du Bois in the overall focus brand portfolio. And I guess I didn't quite answer your question. If you look at Woodbridge, that's Premium. If you look at Clos du Bois, that's Super-Premium. If you look at Kim Crawford, that's Luxury. If you look at Robert Mondavi Private Selection, that's Super-Premium and Robert Mondavi Napa is Luxury.
Robert Sands: Yes. So to your first question, we did not say that we would grow in line with the category this year. I would say that...
Robert Sands: Yes, I think, Mark, most of it would come from -- we have some pretty robust plans in place to reduce cost of goods sold, and we talked about these a number of times around things like reduced number of bottling lines or higher fixed cost leverage, some blend changes, some better warehouse management, some better grape buying, things around that. I think that we will keep SG&A growing below net sales, okay? So I think those 2 areas and COGS is the big number will be -- will help us leverage the P&L. The wild card, I think, will be promotion spending, okay? Because as you know, it's a pretty fractious industry. We're not the only player, and we kind of can't raise prices when nobody else is, which is -- Rob mentioned some of that earlier. So I think the things within our control, we feel pretty good about. I think the things that are little less within our control, like pricing and promotions, well, they're not within our control. That being said, we've had 2 years in a row of short harvests. So you would hope that the industry would reduce promotion spend and maybe increase prices, but time will tell.
Robert Sands: No, we'll be at slightly under it, but we're fundamentally on pace to be around 4 million cases. So yes, it's -- it will be around 4 million, and certainly, the run rate is at that level. And SVEDKA is generally meeting all of our expectations and continues to grow double-digit now on a very large base. It's the third-largest vodka brand.
Robert Sands: Well, our Spirits business is 3 brands basically, SVEDKA, Black Velvet and Paul Masson Grande Amber Brandy, 3 big brands. And yes, I mean, we're certainly, conscientiously and specifically trying to grow that business, with our primary focus being taking advantage of our position in the vodka category with basically the hottest large brand.
Robert Sands: So in terms of what we've consolidated, 60% of our business is -- has been consolidated in those markets where we've been able to do that in the United States, so 60%. And then of the remaining 40%, there's probably about another 8% for argument's sake that, in theory, could be more consolidated in the manner that we consolidated the initial 60%. And the reason that there's only 8% of the remaining 40% is because you have to remember that some of the markets are controlled state markets, like Pennsylvania, where there's really -- where the whole concept of consolidating contributors is inapplicable. And then another large percentage are what are called franchise [indiscernible], which means that we don't have the ability to necessarily terminate the existing distributors pursuant to consolidation plan. So it's difficult to change your distribution network in those franchise markets. So 8%.
Robert Sands: Yes, and it's not so much sole distributor and multiple distributor, although that's a part of it. But what really -- yes, the answer is yes. We definitely are outperforming in markets where we've implemented our distributor consolidation efforts. But then that -- what are some of the things that really drive that the -- where we're able to consolidate, we're able to have exclusive sales forces within those distributors selling only our products. And that gives us a lot of additional focus on our portfolio as being -- opposed to being just part of a general sales force that’s selling multiple products. So the answer is yes, we're outperforming in those markets.
Robert Sands: No. There's -- the initial term of the Crown contract was 10 years ending 2016. It cannot be terminated or altered for 5 more years. There are notice provisions as to what they may propose that would require them to give us notice 3 years in advance of the termination at the end of 2016. But there's 5 years left on the Crown contract period, and it automatically renews for another 10 years in the -- except in the event of their giving us advanced notice of nonrenewal.
Robert Sands: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining our call today. I would say that overall, I'm very satisfied with the third quarter results, and would summarize the highlights as follows: We generated very, very strong free cash flow, and as a result, have increased our guidance for the year; our strong free cash flow results have enabled us to fund share repurchases, and we expect to be opportunistic in this regard as part of our ongoing efforts to optimize the capital structure of the business; we are experienced improving depletion momentum for our U.S. Wine business and the Spirits business as well, and our new product development initiatives are being well received in the marketplace; and our Crown Imports Beer business continues its strong marketplace momentum. Our plan is to continue solid execution of our initiatives throughout the final quarter of the year. Thanks again, everyone, for your participation.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. So the replenishment of the supply chain issues in the Beer business was done by the end of the fourth quarter –- by the end of the third quarter. So the fourth quarter from a shipment depletion perspective was pretty clean, okay? So we expect to -- for shipments and depletions to continue to have pretty good growth in the fourth quarter. Now this year, one of the reasons that the Beer business' EBIT is down is the incremental marketing spend. We think the majority of that is behind us, as this year they spent the wide majority of that incremental monies in the peak summer season, so in Q2, Q3. So that's why I said Q4, we expect continued or even slightly better sales growth, which would -- the same as depletion growth for the fourth quarter and reduced marketing as opposed to the previous year.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. Well, I mean, our board authorization is still at the $500 million level. We have a little bit over $200 million left on that. We don't have any additional board authorization at this point. But as usual, we’ll be looking at the market and general trends to see whether we should be out there buying back more of our shares.
Robert P. Ryder: That's probably about right, maybe on the high end of that. Judy, you can kind of look at IRI and look at the volume growth versus the net sales growth, so you'll see that the net pricing to the consumer and IRI is up just north of 2%, which is less than the domestic guys but still pretty healthy, especially when you compare that to how the volumes are doing to prior year.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Reza. This is Bob. I mean, obviously, you decide how much stock to buy back, right? So this year, we've given new guidance, which is improved, and we decide if we're going to buy any more stock in the fourth quarter, we have to decide, because next year, we should have $500 million-plus of free cash flow because it will be at least a sustainable year next year. So we would be able to delever and buy stock depending how much stock we buy back.
Robert P. Ryder: No. I think what we've said is our ideal structure is 3 to 4 turns, right? And year-to-date, I think as of the -- if you just use our guidance and assume we don't buy back any more stock, I think we'll finish the year just under 3.4. Had we not bought any stock back, I think we would've been much closer to 3.0. So we've made conscious decisions by buying back stock to stay north of 3.0, and we will assess those as we go along.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. I mean, I think we're done, Mark, with the step-up in marketing. There might still be some flux between promo spend in marketing, but they kind of zero off, it kind of gets to the bottom line. So all you'll be left with is pretty much pricing and -- normal stuff, pricing and mix. Now we do have the contractual cost of goods sold increase, okay? So just normal stuff, but I think the increased marketing and promotion spending will be behind us, and it will be a apples-to-apples year if you look at fiscal '13 over fiscal '12 from a marketing and spending perspective at Crown.
