Bob Ryder: In general our estimates have been that the total category in the U.S. should be up very low single digits for the entire year in perhaps the 1% to 2% range. And in general, that's a result of the fact that although we continue to see pretty strong growth in the IRI segment which represents about 30% of the business, the on premise continues to be negatively impacted by the economic downturn, and therefore when we look at the category on an overall basis, we expect it to be as I said up low single digits.
Bob Ryder: Yes, the other thing I'd add to what Rob said is in the one category in total you do see premiumisation coming back in in that wine, so above $5 are growing faster than wine below $5. You also see increased promotion spending in wines above $5 and especially in the price point to which Bob referred, like the $8 to $11. So we're having to be competitive in that area. But we kind of look at this as good news in that the consumer is coming back to premiumisation. However, they are demanding more of the discount than they maybe have in the past. But the wine category, as Rob said, especially if you look at all of beverage alcohol, wine is doing quite well. So, we're I guess cautiously optimistic. However, we are keeping our eye on category and then our own promotion spending.
Bob Ryder: So, I think you'll see our delta the prior year greater than the first half of this year and then it will smooth out in the back half. So, I think the full year promotion spending will be higher than last year, but not by a big number. But most of the increase will happen in the first half of the year.
Bob Ryder: Yes, it's a combination of everything, so I'd say on some brands we are getting out quick returns; on others we would probably be happier with higher returns. But we're in a constant balance, maintaining our presence in the market and keeping our eye on market share and making sure that the promotion spending that we do is efficient and that we're getting a positive bottom line. But I think in general, we are having to respond with what's going on in the marketplace and we're all pleased with the turnaround in our top line, because in both wine and spirits, we saw positive depletions in the quarter, which we're taking as a pretty good trend. But we're making sure that the finance and sales guys are kind of holding hands throughout all this promotion spending period to make sure that we're being as efficient as possible.
Bob Ryder: Yes, we really haven't started talking about FY2012 to the outside world yet. So, we're thinking about it as you speak, but we're not really talking about FY12.
Bob Ryder: We want to keep our leverage ratio in the three times to four times range. And we did say that we got above that in the first quarter, because we thought it was an opportune time to buy our stock, given the low cost of our revolver, given where the stock price was from an EBITDA ratio and a PE ratio, given the option [ph] that we could gain. So, we'll be looking at those same kind of things next year.
Bob Ryder: Sure. So the comparable guidance is moving up a dime a share versus our previous range. That's exclusively driven by the our estimate of what accretion will be on the buyback. And the reported guidance, there is a delta there from comparable all due to the charges, the non-comparable charges we took in the first quarter. And the big piece of that was a charge to eliminate a deferred tax asset in the U.K. And because we are kind of stressed on profitability in the U.K., it's just a probability of ever getting any value out of that asset. And with all the restructuring charges we've taken, we’ve also shown positive GAAP earnings for the past three years. Okay? The accountants get agitated and they tend to say that we won't be able to utilize that deferred tax asset. So, we took that charge in the first quarter, so that's the biggest piece. Regarding the other guidance factors, we really haven't changed anything. And again, you guys do this all the time, but it's the first quarter, so, a trend does not a quarter make, so we are waiting to see how the balance of the year, and of course, beer is a summer season, so the second quarter is very important for us. And in wine it's mostly a third quarter business because of the high level of Christmas sales. But I think we're pretty much on plan where we thought we would be in the first quarter, which is a good place to be.
Bob Ryder: Yes, we wouldn't expect that. Again, that was a full year number so we would expect to get back down to that range for the full year.
Bob Ryder: Well, the good news is here with our new business model in the US and we'll be talking more about this in future quarters, we're really focusing our promotion spending and our marketing spending around our top 15 brands, which comprises about 75% of our EBIT. And that makes it easier to track and that's why we have higher brand equity. So generally, you get better results with that brand spending. So as you know, the wine category is pretty fractious, so we're not going to chase share just because a lot of people are spending money. We have our eye on our key competitors and frankly as we look at the market I don't think there's anything irrational going on. So balance, we're not going to stick our head in this sand and ignore market share, it is important, but we're very much focused on the bottom-line and trying to improve our profit margins and generate cash flow. We're not going to spend a lot of promotion money that doesn't have a good chance of paying off.
Bob Ryder: It’s more of an estimate Kevin, but it depends on the share price, how many shares you get back and also the number of shares that get delivered [ph]. So this share repurchase program could go through mid-November, which would mean we wouldn't get all that much accretion on the next tranche shares that we received, or it could end in two weeks, we don't know. Well, that's our best guess right now, but your low to high is like a penny, and a penny half of the $0.10 that we gave. So there's not a ton of volatility left.
Bob Ryder: Wow! Our phone bill will [ph] get too big for that. So that's a little too detailed. I mean, we don't give quarterly guidance. In the last quarter, the guidance we would give would be tax rate quarterly guidance. So we expect the full year tax rate coming about 35%. There's just some anomalies in Q1 because some tax rate items came to closure in the first quarter, and we’re able to release those tax reserves which is what drove the low tax rate in Q1. To your model, I just assume 35 for the full year.
Bob Ryder: We haven't come out with specific euro guidance. But in the grand scheme of things it doesn't matter tremendously, because we don't make a ton of money overseas. So, I guess at this point, at the end of last year, due to the potential transaction with AVR [ph] we did not have much of our foreign currency transactional exposure hedged. During the first quarter, we actually layered down a reasonable amount of hedges. So, we don't expect a lot of volatility to our bottom line due to forex changes for fiscal '11. And euro exposure is not one of our biggest, it's not our biggest exposure as a general proposition. The euro exposure really is (inaudible) the dollar.
Bob Ryder: We're doing an accelerated program. So the end of it is really depending on Goldman Sachs who's doing the transaction for us. But the maximum end is around mid November, but they can call it quits whenever they bought $300 million of our stock.
Rob Sands: I would say that for the industry for the first quarter, the trends are probably better than what we believe will be the case for the total year, as best as we could determine it. There is not very perfect data for that up about 3% for the quarter. And our trends are strong; we've taken share in the first quarter in the premium plus category, which is what we really concentrate on, because the bulk of our portfolio we've taken about 1% share, 100 basis points and then overall about 0.5% share. So, I don't want to over hype things, but the first quarter was pretty good in terms of our organic growth strategy, doesn't necessarily make a trend. But as I said we've taken share and outperformed the industry as a general proposition.
Rob Sands: Sure, so what you are referring to is the fact that when we reduced distributor inventories in the fourth quarter last year, there was an agreement with our distributors to put more resources behind the brand this year and I think the simple answer to your question is yes they’ve put more resources behind the brands and I think that you're seeing the impact of that certainly in the IRI data and in the general proposition in our depletions, which have strengthened quite considerably. So, definitely having a positive impact on our business and on our organic growth.
Rob Sands: Yes, we have gained share; definitively in the four week period and against the broad market we haven't gained share in the 12 week period on a dollar basis, but we have on a volume basis and you'll actually see that start turning around now. So, basically we're gaining share as a general proposition against the market. Now interestingly enough, that’s with respect to our total portfolio. Now as I mentioned in my script, our top 15 brands represent the vast majority of our profitability and those are where we really focus and those brands, which is really what matters, have in fact gained share in dollar and volume in every period against the broad market, meaning the 12 and the 4 week period, and those brands represent over 75% of our profitability in the United States. So I would say in general, we're fairly pleased with our organic growth and I would say certainly in the first quarter from a growth perspective we're significantly on the portion of the portfolio that really matters. We've significantly outperformed the market and our competitors.
Rob Sands: Yes, obviously we are sticking to our guidance that we have given for the year. And so that's basically how you should think about it is, we are at the current time believing that we will certainly perform within our guidance range.
Rob Sands: Well, that's hard to comment on their level versus our level. Our level of investment is significantly higher than our distributors level of investment on a relative basis, but part of the distributor consolidation program was as a general proposition to get more investments behind our business by our distributors throughout the term of the arrangement, which was a five and a half year term. So, they have as was agreed increased their level of investment and that increased level of investment will continue throughout the period of the arrangement, which was a five and a half year deal basically. And yes, that has been contributing to our growth profile. And basically, working as we wanted it to work and it's basically working as we expected it to work. As Bob said, we are going to closely monitor the trade off between promotional spend and volume and sales increases and make sure that we are striking the right balance. I think that as we have made fairly clear, first quarter's promotional spend was on a relative basis higher than we expect for the year. Primarily due to a number of factors, which is in first quarter last year we had disproportionately low promotion because we had pulled back as went into the distributor consolidation activities. That’s impacting the comparison, number one. And then, there is also some timing matters related to the falling of holidays and how and when we have chosen to promote that will make the first quarter promotional rate higher than we anticipate for the whole year. Although, I would say on a total year basis we would generally expect promotional expense to be higher than last year, because in general, we were not promoting in the first three quarters at normalized levels as we implemented the distributor consolidation efforts. So, that's basically what's going on with promotion, there's really nothing particularly strange going on there.
Rob Sands: Yes, well moderation as I say, promotion won't be at the same level as it will be in first quarter. So I guess your term moderation is correct, but it's general proposition. We hold promotion at times when we think that we'll get the most out of the promotional activity and we come back when we think that we would otherwise get it. So, it'll fluctuate throughout the year, but the asset won't be at the same rate as first quarter as we sit here now, that's our belief and our intention at the moment. As to the metrics that we're looking at, certainly from the consumer point of view, we are keeping a close eye on consumer takeaway from a volume perspective, and we measure that by looking at things like IRI, like other data that we get. And certainly, depletions are representative of consumer takeaway, sales to retail in that we generally now expect key retailers stacking up, or we don’t see big fluctuations in their inventory levels. Certainly, the mix of our business is a very important measure for us to be looking at, ensuring that we have a healthy mix towards our higher profit items and our higher ROIC items. We've had a big focus on driving return on invested capital. We've taken that down to a certain degree to the brand level, and therefore we're cognizant of mix as it relates both to profitability and ROIC. And then internally, needless to say, operating profit continues to be a very important measure of our success. And that goes to what we said earlier about making sure that we're appropriately calibrating our promotional activities against our volume growth to optimize the profit picture for the company and the ROIC picture. So it's not rocket science really, but those are the things that we're looking at.
Rob Sands: We simultaneously reorganized our sales organization as we implemented the distributor consolidation activity, and we actually went through a customer based organization, meaning that our sales organization is now organized around our customers as opposed to just purely geographically. And we have one sales organization as opposed to many sales organizations, et cetera. When we did that we of course adjusted our incentive compensation systems to be aligned with what we were trying to accomplish with our wholesale customers and retail customers. And so the simple answer to your question is, that's all done and now there are no significant changes that need to be made at the current time, which is good because it's all up and running and in place. And I would say it's running pretty well right now, and everything's working well. So we're pretty optimistic. The key task now is to drive it to ultimate success over the mid-term, which I'm fairly optimistic that we will get what we're looking for.
Rob Sands: No resolution there at the current time. We filed a motion to dismiss, we're waiting for a decision on the motion to dismiss. I’d just remind you that we have said in the past that it's basically a dispute over a financially immaterial item that (inaudible) certainly determine; is thus resolved by the courts. And it really has zero impact on the terms of our agreement, which certainly hasn't changed since we entered into the agreement beginning of 2007. And we remain satisfied as a general rule with what we've negotiated, and it seems to be working well. Both parties, Modelo and ourselves continue to work closely together. And our primary focus, despite this lawsuit, meaning ourselves and Modelo, our primary focus is on driving this business and making sure that we're doing the right thing for the brand and for the consumer. And I think that we're both pleased with some of what we're seeing right now. In particular, both Modelo and ourselves are pleased with the turnaround we're seeing in imports. Imports in general are back into growth, imports are taking share. And I'd say our portfolio is now performing the best in the imports category. So imports are taking share and we're taking share. So, I would say both parties, ourselves and Modelo, are pretty pleased with what's going on in the marketplace. And despite this fact, we're working pretty well together and we'll continue to work well together in the future.
Rob Sands: Yes, but also remember that it is also related to the comparison of shipments last year and there has been some disconnect okay in that regard. But I'm not going to sit here and say, when shipments and depletion growth should start mirroring each other at some point.
Rob Sands: I would say that on premise trends are improving. Similarly, the channels -- not the channels across the category, beer, wine and spirits, so, improving similarly. Our Crown business I think skews a bit higher to on premise than the beer industry in general. So, on the one hand to the extent that the on premise is the most negatively affected trend that negatively affects our business, on the other hand to the extent that that's improving will be disproportionately benefited by the improvement. Does that answer your question? It is improving; I think it is moving toward flat from down double digits last year. I think it will move to up, eventually. We'll take one more question.
Rob Sands: All right thank to, everyone, for joining our call today. And as I mentioned, I am pleased with our first quarter results, which were in line with our expectations. And I believe we are well positioned to achieve our EPS and free cash flow goals for the year. I am especially pleased that we are beginning to realize a number of benefits from our newest consolidated U.S. distributor network. Our experience improved in depletion trends in our U.S. wine and beer business and our accelerated share repurchase transaction represents our commitment to returning value to our shareholders. Overall, thanks again for your participation. We hope you have the opportunity to enjoy some of our great beer, wine and spirits products during the upcoming Fourth of July holiday.
