Bill Newlands: Sure. So, as we stand today, we are currently operating. We also have, as I noted in my script, roughly 70 days through the system at either -- and that does not include at retail. That is purely that we have or our distributors have. So, we are fairly confident that we will see no disruption at retail from our operations, and we'll be able to meet consumer demand as it continues.
Bill Newlands: We're not prepared to go through what the exact options are. What I would say is this. We had a very productive meeting with the President and his team. I think there is mutual agreement that we have been a strong player in Mexico for 30 plus years, and that that strong relationship is going to continue, and that we will have solutions for the long-term to make sure that we are able to meet the strong consumer demand that we continue to have for our brands. So, while I'm not prepared to talk about the specificity of that, we are very comfortable that our discussions will yield strong, medium and long-term benefits for our business.
Bill Newlands: Let me touch on that Vivien. In many instances, distributors will pick up and redistribute supply where necessary or where a particular channel, like on-premise has effectively closed in many markets. So, yes, that in fact often does occur. Obviously, there's some format differences in terms of what people use in particular channels. But yes, it does occur. Just to reiterate a piece of your question as well. We are multiple points across both, beer, wine and spirits, less reliant in on-premise than the industry overall. So our business has been skewed historically and still is to the off-premise channel, which in an instance like this is very valuable. But, that's not to say, as you've heard, we haven't recognized the many challenges that our friends in the on-premise are having at moment. And we as a company and many of us as individuals have made significant contributions to help those who are in need at the moment and who have run into very challenging times, for those who are in the on-premise.
Bill Newlands: Sure. You bet. We're seeing -- first of all, obviously there was -- particularly in March, there was a lot of heavy-up pantry loading, people buying particularly those brands where they have a lot of comfort. And of course many, many of our brands across beer, wine and spirits all fit into that. So, that was obviously very helpful. Keeping in mind that the Seltzer, much like Refresca did, goes into different space, and Seltzer has obviously been a very hot category. You see a lot of that product on the floor with us and with competitors as well. And we've already in just the first month, our team and our distributors have done an outstanding job of getting the product out to market. We've almost achieved 50%, ACV in the first month, which is again record speed. So, we think as time goes forward, you're going to continue to see core SKUs, critical SKUs being very important. And in fact, we have made some adjustments in our production footprint to make sure that those core SKUs are fully available throughout the supply chain because that's something that we think will occur in the near term, until consumers spend more time in stores. We've also seen a very rapid uptick in click, things like 3-tier e-commerce, click and collect. Our Company had its single biggest -- in wine, had our single biggest direct-to-consumer week we've ever had last week as consumers again found alternate ways to continue to buy our products. So, I think, just to summarize that, you're going to continue to see critical SKUs, be in stronger distribution positions. But we've been very pleased with our distributors’ ability to continue to get critical new products. Remember, most of the new things that we're doing this year are master brand extensions. So, they are consistent and part of strong brand families. That particularly at a time like this, I think is important because the consumer often during recession or recessionary type behavior, seeks out those core brands that they have a lot of personal comfort with. And again, our brands fortunately are part of that set.
Bill Newlands: Yes. And I joked with Garth earlier today, I guess if you're old enough, you've been through a couple of these cycles. So, I have. What we expect to see is this. Brands are even more important at a time like this, because many people are seeing the opportunity -- and our category is one of those, for simple pleasures in life. Let's face it. The more people are sheltering in place, the more that they look for those small pleasures in life and our category is one of those that addresses that. But, you often see even stronger brand behavior that occurs during this time. So, let's take our Woodbridge wine brand example. We have seen significant pickup in the month of March for that brand because as I said in my script, it's a tried and true brand. People know it, they appreciate the quality for the price value relationship that exists there, and we've seen quite a bit of an uptick against that brand. We've seen the same thing with Kim Crawford, Meiomi and The Prisoner, brands that the consumer appreciates, and likes. Similarly, in beer, when you have a brand like Modelo that’s the number four brand now in the entire U.S. beer business, you've got a brand that has a great deal of trust, and you're seeing the trends that support that. Fortunately, Modelo and Corona are two of the most trusted brands in the consumers’ mind. And therefore, we feel very comfortable that we will actually get a disproportionate amount of benefit that occurs when people go to the more tried and true brands. That's what we saw in 2008, that's what we saw in the previous recession before that that those tried and true brands end up winning. And we think our brands are well-positioned across beer, wine and spirits to take advantage of that, just a little less experimentation during a recession environment, and that's why those core brands like ours will do very well.
Bill Newlands: Well, again, I'm going to repeat myself, but I hope you'll bear with me on it. We continue to operate in Mexico. And as long as that is a consistent statement and we expect that it will be, we wouldn't expect that there would be any significant issues around our margin structure. Obviously, a lot of things factor into that, not the least of which is, the peso and various other things that occur during times like this. But, I think the best way to think about it is, we have 70 plus days in the pipeline for our beer business and we expect to have no disruption in our ability to produce product and deliver it to retail.
Bill Newlands: Sure. You bet. Admittedly, this is somewhat unprecedented. So, I think we need to all be careful with specificity of answers because in other recessionary periods, while you saw decreases in the on-premise, you didn't have shutdown in the on-premise. So, it is a little different. With that said, channel shift is not unusual during recessionary times. And you're obviously seeing that now in part because the on-premise is in many markets is largely closed. Again, if you are in the 85% to 90% range for us and the off-premise to start with, the need to see some increase in channel shift is less significant than it is for someone who is more weighted to the on premise. Let's take March as an example. Admittedly, there was some pantry loading that occurred during that month. It more than made up -- the off-premise more than made up for the on-premise loss that occurred during that timeframe. It was an excellent month. But, we're always reticent to project that forward because you don't know what the consumption profile will be. I'll repeat what I said a minute ago, because I think it's a very true comment. People look for small pleasures in their life when you were in situations of recession. Multiply that by the fact that most of us are now sheltering in home. Those small pleasures -- our business is one of those small pleasures and I think that will be advantageous for our business going forward.
Bill Newlands: This is also, as you would expect, a bit of a moving answer. Some things you've seen have been postponed. Therefore, we are not -- well, we may not spend it in the first quarter, we might well spend it when the events do occur, assuming they do. What we have done is that we have adjusted, Jim Sabia and his team in both wine spirits and in beer, have done a fair amount to move to more digital and social media efforts, which is actually good. That's very consistent with where the consumer is going anyway. So, we do have quite a bit of flexibility to move things around. When you have cancellations, let's take the NCAAs. That is a cancellation. So, choices are then made as to whether or not we reproportion that type of spend that we have into other formats, or we don't. Those decisions are ongoing. It’d be difficult to give you a definitive answer at this point in time around that. We will try to do that going forward, as more thoroughly understand what is canceled versus what is delayed. Until we have a better handle on that, it’d be very difficult. Suffice it to say, one of the traits that we've seen with our marketing group is to be very nimble, and they are being very nimble, adjusting on the fly to more digital and social environments from things where we can't do live sports, as you know.
Bill Newlands: So, let's tackle your first question, which is seltzer. Certainly, our Corona brand family, since we approached 150 million cases of product in fiscal '20 is one of the critical things and critical brands that we have within our portfolio. The seltzer, as you know, is one of the fastest growing sub segments within the alcohol beverage business, as well. Therefore, the combination of the great Corona branding, plus the hot category of seltzer is a wonderful combination. And we're expecting that that's going to be important part of our success story for fiscal '21. I do need to be very, very clear with you. We are not doing anything against what the government of Mexico is suggesting. We certainly -- our company is known for respecting, respectful of the laws and approaches of any company -- any country in which we operate. And that certainly will continue. I have no comment regarding a competitor and what they are choosing to do or not choosing to do. I personally would suggest you ask them. What I would say is today, currently, we are operating and we will continue to do what's appropriate under the restrictions that apply or don't apply in any company -- in any country in which we operate.
Bill Newlands: So, to answer your question, the vast majority of that answers in the United States between either inventory at our distributors or in our DCs. So, the vast majority of it I would say, in excess of 80% of that is already in the United States.
Bill Newlands: So, what I would say is that there are a lot of decisions that have been made as time has gone on. As you know, there have been changes in government during the time that this facility has been started. What I would say is this. We've been operating in Mexico for 30 years. It has been a tremendous partnership with the people of Mexico and with the government of Mexico and with the local States within Mexico. We remain extremely confident in our long-term ability to meet the consumer needs in the United States for the critical brands of Modelo, Corona, Pacifico, and other related brands. So, I don't feel that it does anyone any good to micromanage the approach to the situation. What I would say is we're going to have a very solid solution for our long-term prospects and we certainly appreciate the government's engagement with us on that topic.
Bill Newlands: I'd just like to thank everyone for joining our call today, particularly in these challenging times. I believe we've done an excellent job of building vital momentum in fiscal '20 as we head into what admittedly will be a volatile start to our new fiscal year. Through our strategic initiatives and priorities, we are positioning Constellation for sustained long-term success and will continue to quickly adapt to the rapidly changing market dynamics as we navigate through fiscal ‘21. As the environment evolves, and more factors become known over the next few months, we hope to be able to provide much more clarity on the prospects for our business for the year in which we are in. I'd like to thank you all again for joining the call. And I hope you and your loved ones remain healthy and safe during this unprecedented time. Thank you.
Garth Hankinson: Bryan, would you mind repeating the first part of that question around the margins? I just -- I didn't quite catch that.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. Okay. So, fixed versus variable cost is -- for both businesses is they skew highly towards variable, call it somewhere in the neighborhood of two-thirds variable and one-third fixed, maybe a little bit higher in some cases. On the beer side, the variable costs really are around freight and packaging. And in wine it's [freight] [ph] costs and packaging. Then, I believe the first part of your question was around the on-premise versus off-premise growth rates. And for on-premise growth rates, we were modeling in flat and for off-premise it was mid single digits.
Garth Hankinson: As long as around the on and off-premise question, let me just go back to clarify, Bryan's question around the growth rates related to on versus off-premise. Bryan, I gave you a bit of incomplete answer. So, what I gave you is zero on-premise growth and mid single digits. That was really for wine and spirits, as you think about their total sales being in that 2 to 4 range. On beer, total sales were targeting to be 8% to 10% on an organic basis. So, the on-premise would be in the sort of low to mid single digits and off-premise would be the remainder.
Garth Hankinson: Sure, on the hedging piece. So, as it relates to both, commodities and on currency, we're -- for the current fiscal year, fiscal '21, we are hedged on both fronts, in excess of 80%. We are using this period of time as we see some movements on commodities and in currency to layer in additional hedges for the next couple years. So, we could see some further benefits in coming fiscal years.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. I'll take the first part of that. To-date, we have spent approximately a $700 million in Mexicali.
Garth Hankinson: So, thank you for the question. We think that the COVID situation is baked into the current timeline. That being said, I don't know how much more disruption COVID-19 could have in terms of the government's ability to work. But I can tell you right now that the FTC continues to be actively engaged in our conversations and in the review of this process. And, we’ve factored all of that into the timeline that we provided.
