Rob Sands: That test has gone extremely well, I think that the test has demonstrated that the brand responds and performs very well to advertising. And consequently, we will be increasing our advertising for this brand. And the test was basically - the test basically demonstrates that’s an investment that will more than pay back, so we're pretty excited about that as well.
Rob Sands: I thing actually the category as you mentioned has accelerated about lately and therefore I would say that it's very robust. I would say that trading of at premiumization in the category is probably stronger than ever, okay and things have really kind of shifted, maybe two or three years ago we would have been talking about the $8 to $10 to $12 segment really being the hottest segment in the industry, but I would say that that shifted up to even the $15 and $20 segments hence are interested in brands like Meiomi and Prisoner and that segment because I think we really see the future continuing to favor the premiumization and trading up even into these more expensive categories. And then as it relates to our own business, we’re constantly working on positioning our portfolio, okay to take advantage of those trends. And I think that we’ve very successfully done that and have great brands in all of these hot price segments and categories, and it's not just price segments, right, it’s categories. Perfect example being Pinot Noir, okay, we are a leader in Pinot Noir today and Pinot Noir is just an extremely hot varietal, and I would say that the good news there is that I would say we expect it to continue to be a hot varietal for, you know, well into the future in that, it is not a trendy kind of a thing that will be fleeting in there of course Pinot Noir is one of the noble varieties and has always been highly sought after. And we - and as I said we get the hottest brand, red blends continue to be hot as you know we've got hot brands in the red blend category, I mean, Prisoner I mean is a perfect example of that albeit a newly acquired brand but you only have to go and sort of see what people are drinking in any major metropolitan area or talk to people and Prisoner is the hottest brand in its price point and has taken advantage of that as well. And again, I don't think that's particularly trendy and that it’s gotten fantastic scores and it’s considered to be, you know, let me put it this way, a real fine wine, so this is basically the answer to your question, Tim.
Rob Sands: So, look it's hard to get into specific numbers, okay on what the growth would have been had these factors not affected us. But as I said, there were two or three factors, I’d say, first quarter was kind of not a great quarter for the beer business, the beer category in general. I mean that said, our beer portfolio grew a little bit shy of 10%, which is an outstanding result on a relative or comparative basis. Yes, there were a few things that affected our business, which I talked about, the Recall affected it for sure, hence we would have done better in the first quarter had that not been the case. The overlap in the intro [ph] was a factor. There was definitely some promo activity in first quarter last year, which was not duplicated this year again due to some packs not being in supply during that period. And then I guess to your point, you can see all that kind of clearing itself up by simply looking at the June IRI trends, which I think are reflective of the overall health of the business. So, we have no concerns whatsoever about the brand health of the import portfolio or Corona period. So we fully expect to be on our forecast for the year for the portfolio and that's our import portfolio, right. Ballast Point, we're not even talking about that because the growth is so high that one can even say. It's the fastest growing beer in the entire craft segment in the entire US on what's getting to be a very big base, okay. I mean, we can't even talk about double-digit growth because it's so high. It's triple digit sometimes.
Rob Sands: Yes. So I would say that our capital priorities haven't changed at all. They sort of remain number one at keeping our debt levels in that sort of mid-3 to 4 range, where we actually are at the current time. Returning dollars to shareholders continues to be a big and important focus for us. As you know, we did increase our annual dividend at the end of the year and we have made some stock repurchases. So, we continued to prioritize that as a key priority. And then, as we've said in the past, we’ll continue to look at and potentially make selective acquisitions of things like Meiomi, Prisoner as we go on. So I think that those kind of things are somewhat reflective of being tuck-in type acquisitions of the things that we would look at and I would say that that strategy is working very well. And then I think to your question about the magnitude, I think that goes back to my first point relative to maintaining our debt levels in that sort of 3 to 4 times, okay, we will be, I would say, guided in terms of magnitude by that priority and then, as I mentioned in my script, we continue to evaluate the Canadian IPO, right, but that's a disposition. So if we were to complete that, that will actually bring in cash, right. So we are being, I would say, pretty judicious in terms of how we’re managing the whole capital allocation process and our priorities. So I think that we've got, we’ve struck a really good balanced there, let me put it that way.
Rob Sands: Yes. Our position on pricing and our plans haven't changed at all, and we don't really -- yes, there has been some competitive activity, but I would say that there is really nothing indicative that from a competitive point of view that that's really changed very significantly. I don't think anybody is like falling off a log and changed their general modus operandi in the industry general, that’s sort of our view of things.
Rob Sands: Yes. I don't think that we see anything that’s largely different than what has been the case over the last several years, especially for perhaps the kind of things that we might be interested in. It really remains a one-off kind of opportunistic situation. There has been sort of a lot of activity in sort of the smaller end of the market, which meaning small deals that we don't really plan because they wouldn't be particularly significant or material to us. But of the kind of brands that we might be interested in, I would say that there is no fundamental change in the activity in that arena.
Rob Sands: Yes. Well, again, one of the reasons we really like this brand and we've said this since we first announced the purchase is that this brand has very healthy operating margins as we sit here today. It's a little dilutive to our overall beer business, but we would expect over time as the brand gains a little scale and we get some benefits of East Coast production in the Virginia facility, we would expect that that margins begin to close the gap with our import portfolio margins.
Rob Sands: I think the IRI is fairly reflective of our business, but remember that the IRI was not being reflective of the on-premise, which constitutes about 15% or so of the business and it also is not reflective of what goes on in wine and spirits and control subs, so the biggest chunk there is probably on-premise, which in our business is running up about mid-single digits in the beer business and our beer business at low single-digits in our wine business and from a market perspective, is down in both categories, in all categories. Wine, spirits and beer, on premise was down as a category or as a market segment for the category for the quarter. So that's probably one of the biggest callouts is on premise not being reflective, not being reflected by IRI.
Rob Sands: Well, I think it's resonated really well. I mean, where we have gotten new distribution as we moved it to the east, I think that it's resonating particularly well. I'm not sure that it's perceived with any geographic specificity as we bring it into new markets and as we grow the new markets, I think that it’s really more viewed as a really high-end, high quality, award winning brand and it’s all about sort of style and flavors, and I think the thing that's kind of unique or somewhat unique about Ballast Point is that, it does have a lot of different styles like [indiscernible] or the Sculpin IPA and then it’s got flavors and has like the Grapefruit Sculpin or the new Pineapple Sculpin, which is really hot or a new product, which we just intro-ed called Varmint, which is a honey flavored pale ale, but this is very subtle stuff, right. It's not like it’s flavored like a flavored fab, okay, like [indiscernible] these are very subtle flavors that accentuate, okay, these sort of exotic hops that are used in the product and sort of bring out some of the qualities of those hops and therefore it’s, I’d say real beer and appeals to, I would say, real beer aficionados, which is one of the reasons why I think that it is able to command the premium pricing that it does command is because of the fact that it really is viewed by beer people, okay, as a super-high quality, award winning product, a lot like wine in that regard, right, high-end wine. Think of its acceptance in that vein by real craft beer drinkers who know and follow what's really being held as super high quality examples of that type of product. So it’s much more like that, much more like high end wine is the way I would think about Ballast Point.
Rob Sands: Yes. So Modelo Especial depletion growth rate first quarter about 20% and we've got big plans to, say, accelerate that growth rate or at least maintain it, but -- and as you pointed out, it's all about distribution, I mean Modelo Especial is growing and it’s the size that it is without being in full distribution, okay, compared to other major brands of its size, it’s one of the top beer brands now in the entire country and if you look at beer brands that have full distribution, I mean, you’re talking like 80%, 90%, okay. Modelo Especial has about 70% ACV. So it's got a pretty good distribution runway and I think that the thing that you should realize is in general, okay, it’s distribution growth that drives depletion growth probably the most of anything. So pretty big runway there. It's a good news that probably the second most important thing, right, is velocity per point of distribution and if you look at our portfolio in general, whether it’s wine, beer, spirits, Modelo Especial or fast-growing brands, are achieving their growth through both velocity growth as well as distribution growth.
Rob Sands: ACV growth has been and will continue to be a number one priority for the beer business and Modelo Especial in particular, when you say pick up, it's not like we wrapped at a particular point in time on distribution growth, it’s what, that is what the sales organization basically is all about and does, okay. When companies like ourselves talk about execution or sales execution, they’re talking about growing distribution first and foremost and then probably the number to think in sales organization execution is all about merchandising and add activity at retail. So that's what sales forces do. That’s all they do, they run out and get distribution. They grow distribution and they work with the distributors and the retailers to maximize the merchandising opportunities.
Rob Sands: And I’d also point out that, and I think this was mentioned previously, I mean we have put some media advertising in place for Pacifico and Pacifico is absolutely on fire with 17% depletion growth in the first quarter and I would say there is a lot of chatter beginning -- we are beginning to hear a lot of chatter about that particular brand and its general -- and its appeal in particular to craft drinkers. It seems to be a brand that when craft drinkers aren’t drinking, I would say traditional craft, okay, it’s sort of their next go to session item, seems to be Pacifico and we’re seeing a lot of interest an growth in that particular product and that 24-hours can has been on fire. So I would say that is something you should watch as the next up and comer.
Rob Sands: Okay. Well, thank you everybody for joining our call today. As we wrap up our discussion, I want to reiterate how pleased we are with the overall excellent performance of our business this quarter. Our fiscal ‘17 is off to a fantastic start and we’re confident in our ability to achieve our full-year guidance. As we head into the 4th of July holiday weekend, I hope you remember to bring some of our fine products to your celebrations and to please enjoy them of course responsibly. Hopefully, you received the save the date notice for our planned New York City Investor Meeting on November 9. At that time, we look forward to speaking with you about the future strategy for our business. Thanks and have a great July 4th holiday.
David Klein: Yes, so Tim, as it relates specifically to the peso, about 20% of our COGS for beer are denominated in peso. And so, clearly as the dollar strengthens, we get a benefit, what I’ll say though is that we also as we sit here today we are about 70% to 75% hedged on our exposures against all currencies for the remainder of the fiscal year. So, the strengthening dollar clearly benefits us, but some of that benefit is muted by the hedges that we have in place.
David Klein: Yes. So in the first quarter, we benefited from pricing in general, which somewhat offset COGS increases which were driven by increased depreciation. We did receive some benefits from FX, but probably the biggest driver in the quarter was the timing of marketing spend and now, I'm talking about operating margins, right, so we'll see that spend come back as we progress in the fiscal year, which will have a bit of a dampening effect on the margin. So we still expect flat margins roughly year-over-year and we're just -- we're pleased with the progress we're making in terms of margin expansion in getting the Nava facility functioning at 20 million hectoliters. The other comment I want to make Judy relates to glass. So, yes, we've fired up the second furnace at Nava. We won't be producing glass out of that facility really until the end of July and then even when that happens, the facility itself won't be producing at what we would expect our acceptable levels of utilization for many months. It takes a long time to get the furnaces functioning in a way that we'll be happy with. So, I would say that the benefit from that furnace really won't show up until the back half of this year, if it shows up this year at all.
David Klein: So Robert, the way we think about it when we look at our FY17 numbers, we think that's about 40% of our year-over-year growth will come from increasing distribution in the business. So this doesn't get to the demographics, but this is how we think about our numbers. So about 40% coming from growing distribution, about 10% coming from pack innovation during the fiscal year and then the remainder is really driven by demographic shifts like Hispanic and millennial consumers, but we also have included in that remaining 50%, other environmental factors. So it gets a little bit money, but when we’re putting our plans together, that's how we think about it.
David Klein: Yes. Some of the distribution growth though isn't necessarily just getting APAC into individual stores. It's getting different pack sizes into individual stores, which will take place across all of the retail establishments.
David Klein: We've grown distribution about 40% since the time we took on Ballast Point, I think we’re at about 20 ACV and it's -- however, we’re still seeing growth in our existing markets in our existing stores. So I would say we’re seeing growth in big markets like California as well as growing incremental markets across the US.
David Klein: Yes. I think coming back to the growth that we've seen so far, I would just expect that we will continue to drive ACV, as that brand becomes one of the biggest craft brands in the marketplace. We will continue to see more retailer uptake and more consumer demand for the product. In terms of quantifying what happened with the ACV, I don't have that at hand.
David Klein: Yes. 8.5% to 9% and that's across our entire beer business, although most of the spend at this point, as you know, is focused on the import portfolio. On that point, Caroline, I will say that, we've begun advertising on a brand like Pacifico on a broader scale than we have in the past and as a result, we saw very healthy depletion growth on Pacifico of around 17% in the quarter.
David Klein: Yes. So in the quarter, yeah, I don't have that number. We can get back to you with the specific number for the quarter.
David Klein: We don't really break down the spend between the brands publicly, but I would say that we know that last year, we started to spend more in terms of general market advertising as it relates to Modelo Especial, you’ll continue to see that ramp up for the remainder of this year.
