Robert P. Ryder: No, I'd say in general, as Rob said, the brewery transition, I'd say both operationally and financially, has gone very smoothly. I don't think -- well, I know we really haven't seen any surprises coming out of the financial statements or the manufacturing equipment. So no, I'd say it was a pretty smooth quarter. And I wouldn't expect any dramatic changes balance of the year.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, good question, Bryan. It was actually -- everything went well this quarter. So Corona actually experienced some of the best growth -- brand Corona, some of the best growth that we've seen since the JV was formed. And as you know, Corona is pretty much fully distributed. There's probably some opportunities on cans. But it's pretty much everywhere you'd want to be. So you'd call that probably like per cap consumption growth for Corona. In addition to that, Modelo Especial continues to grow rather well. And Modelo Especial is not nearly as well distributed as Corona. So I'd say a lot of the Especial growth is from expanded distribution. But we see per cap consumption in Especial as well. So I'd say it was a combination of all of the above.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I think the margins were pretty much where we expected, Tim. We had a gross margin in the low 40% range. That's probably kind of the neighborhood we expect until Nava gets up and operating and we save some freight and start producing the beer in a more efficient facility. So I'd say margins were pretty much what we expected.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, sure. You're right, Judy. The only guidance we changed was for the tax rate. Other than that, I'd say year-to-date, I'd say again you're right. I think beer is probably a little better than we anticipated and wine might be a little bit worse than we anticipated. But we don't think that those changes were material enough to change our guidance, balance of year. So we'll be reassessing it and update everybody on the January call.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I'd say in value terms, it was probably flattish for the quarter. Remember that wine was overlapping a real peak period last year, where we really were gaining a lot of market share and saw some pretty good top line results. So it was a difficult overlap for the quarter for wine. And we talked about in the spirits business, which is caught up with wine and spirits and those numbers, we also had some odd overlaps year-over-year. And we expect the business for both wine and spirits to pick up quite a bit in Q3 and Q4.
Robert P. Ryder: It will lessen a little bit. But remember, because the second half has Christmas, and Christmas is a much richer mix of the higher-priced the product that drags more higher promotion spending to it. But yes, I would expect promotion spending to abate in the back half.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, I'd say it's not really a statistically valid sample at this point because we only had 1 quarter out of a 3-year thing. But there's nothing that we've seen in the beer business that would tell us that we're off materially from those estimates. As we said, the things that are going to drive the big improvement in margins is moving more production to the Nava facility, which is, number one, more efficient than the older breweries from which we're buying the product from InBev now. And in addition, we'll be saving quite a bit of freight because the Nava brewery is closer to its end consumer. They are the 2 big drivers. And nothing we've learned has told us that, that won't be true when the brewery gets built out.
Robert P. Ryder: I would never accuse you of being overly optimistic. But as we look at our data, you're looking at your own data, we don't have enough visibility that far out to kind of put a more aggressive plank in the stand. So we still think the numbers that we've come out with are the best we have. And remember, we're all trying to extrapolate from benchmarks. And the Crown business is a very unique business coming out of one site south of the border, yet distributing throughout the United States higher price points. So it's difficult to get a benchmark with a similar kind of business in the U.S. But I know you guys will keep trying.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I'd say on Modelo Especial, distribution of Modelo Especial is probably 30% to 40% less than distribution on Corona, right? And we firmly believe that Modelo Especial is the next Corona. So we still think there's considerable upside both from bottles and cans and draft. We're also extremely underpenetrated in the draft industry. Generally speaking, draft comprises about 10% of the domestic guys' sales. It's less than 2% for us. So we think there's a lot of opportunity, and Modelo Especial on draft is fantastic. So we're probably in the third or fourth inning on Especial.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Modelo Light is being tested in one market. And we're still tweaking the product to better align with consumers' desires, mostly right now around the bottle and the label. We think the beer itself is very good, but we're trying to get the package right. So we're still kind of, I'd say, tinkering with it.
Robert P. Ryder: No, I mean, the cider was tiny. And the impairment charge has no impact on how you operate the business. It's kind of a theoretical Excel model calculation that, for us, resulted in a noncash charge and has no impact on how we run the business.
Robert P. Ryder: I'd say -- Mark, this is Bob. The beer business obviously is a summer business. But Christmas period is one of the higher periods for Corona because people tend to get better-quality products for their holiday parties, which tends to suit us. So we've had tremendous momentum in the summer. I wouldn't expect that to continue balance of year. But we think that the marketing that's in the marketplace right now, especially the beer cooler promotion has been incredibly powerful. We plan on rerunning the Feliz Navidad commercial at Christmas, which just year-after-year people just really love. And so we're expecting a pretty good balance of year. You'll be seeing, as Rob said, some Jon Gruden commercials. We'll be advertising with the NFL and with the NBA when they start out, right? But I wouldn't expect the current momentum to continue. It'll probably slow down a little bit, and it's -- I'll say it's in more off-season than the summer. Of course, our peak season starts with Cinco, right? We start a little bit earlier than everybody else and goes right through Labor Day, and then we cool down a little bit and then picks up again at Christmas.
Robert P. Ryder: No. September, again what we see in September, right, remember we had some distributor unloading at the end of the quarter in August. So they'll start to replenish those inventories as they go into the fall season.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. Robert, I think what we said was it's 3 years out, right, because the brewery now has 10 million hectoliter capacity. We plan to get it up to 20 million. But that's going to take about 3 years, and it's all going to kind of happen at once.
Robert P. Ryder: The other thing, Robert, is last year, the price increase was really the first Crown had taken in 5 years. So I think there was a bit of newness to it. I think this year, there's -- people are a little bit more practiced at it.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. This is Rob, Tim. I think that over the shorter term, wine consumption or the market has been perhaps a little weaker than we anticipated, sort of in the low single-digits, maybe growing around 2% or so. I think that, that's really being driven largely by the lower end of the market. So value wines, where a lot of pricing has been taken in the marketplace, I think that -- and everything overvalue, premium plus where we play, we continue to see sort of flat pricing, i.e. no pricing, to perhaps a little bit on the upside or some slightly decreased promo. I think consumer takeaway and premium plus continues to be strong certainly in super premium, ultra premium, luxury, et cetera. We still see very strong consumer takeaway, I would say that relative to the harvest, it's going to be another relatively large harvest, 2 large harvests in a row. Sort of the grape undersupply was greatly overstated. If you can put that all together, meaning there isn't much of a grape undersupply, in fact, we see in general bulk wine inventories have rebounded, are pretty strong right now. Prices for grapes have been coming down for the last couple of years ever since the perceived short harvest of, I think, 3 years ago sort of disproportionately affected that harvest because people got a little hysterical over it. And so in general, I would say that we see nothing in the wine business that is really unusual. I think even the slight weakness in consumer takeaway is really nothing odd. I think it's really, as I said, mostly a function of some significant pricing that was taken in basically 5-liter bag-in-the-box and jug wines. So I think it's a little artificial. So that's basically what I would say is the tone of the wine business.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, Judy. In general, I would say that our pricing strategy has not changed at all. Yes, we announced some pricing, and we fully expect that pricing to stick. Our process is really to look at pricing market-by-market strategically and, of course, we watch the price gaps very closely. But obviously, our business is very, very strong. So we don't anticipate any change in our pricing strategy at all relative to what anybody else is doing, so...
Robert S. Sands: First of all, our pricing and pricing in the beer industry is typically taken right about now, right, October-ish. And as is publicly known, we sent out letters to our distributors with regard to our pricing. Generally, it's not that we're not revealing our pricing strategy. We've taken some pricing. We're focused on gaps. And we fully expect that we'll achieve the pricing that we've expected throughout the year.
Robert S. Sands: We're not going to -- typically, pricing is largely taken once a year in beer. That's the answer to your question.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, it has nothing to do with value versus premium. We don't take charges against specific brands. It's against the acquired business in Canada. And no, we don't expect to take any further impairment charges. And as I said, it's really related to our strategy in Canada. And it's about the fact that we have focused on parts of the business, which were not acquired, such as imports, which constitute 70% of the market and are a much higher gross profit margin than our domestic business, and therefore, don't really factor in as materially into the impairment charge versus some of our legacy business, which has been declining and we always anticipated would decline, such as kits, refreshments and some of the value part of the business, which were strategically haven't been focused on -- never been focused on. And basically, since the acquisition in 2006, as you know, we're only focused on our premium businesses in general. So it's really no surprise and not indicative in any way of how the Canadian business is, in fact, performing. It's an accounting artifice, in my opinion.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. Mark, in terms of depletions and IRI, there's really not a disconnect. The IRI only constitutes about, I don't know, a little bit less than 50% of the market. It doesn't include the on-premise. The on-premise has been relatively weak in general across all alcoholic beverages. It's about 20% of the beer business. So that's one of the factors. And then I would say that it's really timing. I'd say that, in general, if you really look at it kind of channel-by-channel and figure out the waiting, there is not a disconnect between depletions and IRI. As to shipments, there is a bit of a disconnect, but that's a very -- it's a short-term issue and strictly related to timing of shipments, which you basically can't look at timing of shipments on a month-by-month basis, in that we can have different -- there can be different impacts on inventories and buy-ins and things to that effect in very short periods of time, say, September versus August. So we fully expect the normal taste to occur, which is that shipments and depletions will be equal for the year. So you shouldn't count on anything weird there either.
Robert S. Sands: Well, I mean, I think that every large wine business has Focus Brands and non-Focus Brands, as well as the spirits companies have Focus Brands and non-Focus Brands as well. No, they're not going to get to a level where they become so marginalized that they don't make a significant contribution to the business. It's all about sort of balancing, I'll say, how you're utilizing your cash flows and your profits from their non-Focus Brands against building the business and creating growth in your Focus Brand portfolio. So yes, just sort of a normal business state for most of the large beverage alcohol companies actually across all 3 segments is that how we balance that. Crown is the unusual animal in that regard, right, because the Crown business is 100% Focus Brand. It's only got 8 brands in total, all growing, all Focus Brands. So that's very unusual, I mean, compared to anybody else. Basically in the whole beverage alcohol business, the big brewers all have big portfolios as you're well aware of. I'll call them non-Focus Brands or sub premiums, value-type products that they're employing the same kind of strategy against it. I just talked about spirits companies and for that matter, the 2 or 3 other large wine companies.
Robert S. Sands: It's a little later, that's the point. And there was also some other, I'll say, fluctuations in our purchases and our shipments last year that are different than this year. But again it's going to straighten itself out, month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter. You can't get too focused on it. It's something that was going to be strange from the year -- on a year -- throughout the year, I mean, we'd tell you, but there's nothing going on.
Robert S. Sands: First of all, we can make formula changes to our brands, but we have no intention at the current time of changing the ABV of any of our brands, not because we can't, but because we don't desire to. If you see what's going on with ABV, it's largely new products that are being introduced at a higher ABV; it's not that existing products are changing their ABV. So we wouldn't do that. And we'd be -- as far as new products or line extensions that we might consider some time for the future, different style of products that may or may not have a higher ABV, will certainly be on the table to look at, so...
Robert S. Sands: I don't think so. Value wines, you're talking about 2 producers, right, that produce most of the 5-liter bag-in-the-box, Gallo and The Wine Group. I mean, I don't think they're being highly influenced by the bulk wine market necessarily. It's probably fundamentally a nonstrategic business for them. But I don't know. And in terms of pricing in general in the wine market, I would say that the fact that supply is not as tight as it's been is interesting, but we don't -- just like the perceived tighter supply and the higher cost of goods sold from a few harvests ago didn't make much of a difference in pricing, I don't think it's going to make much of a difference in pricing going forward in premium plus either. You don't see wine pricing at retail fluctuate with perceived over or undersupply pretty much period in premium plus.
Robert S. Sands: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. And needless to say, we are very excited about the fact that we've completed the consolidation of our new brewery in Mexico with our Crown commercial business. And I'm also very proud to have the team as an integral part of Constellation. We have very strong momentum for our beer business as we head into the second half of the year and our wine and spirits business is well positioned for a great holiday selling season. Our next quarterly call is scheduled after the New Year, so be sure to enjoy some of our excellent products during the upcoming holiday season. So thanks again, everyone, for your participation.
