Bill Newlands: Sure. Thanks, Nick. And again, Happy New Year to you. As we said in our prepared remarks, we're obviously very pleased with our Beer business in Q3 and we are particularly happy with the strong acceleration in the momentum that sort of came out of November. Interestingly enough, the delta between Circana and our numbers sort of changed about the minute Garth stopped speaking at the conference in November. So that was always interesting how that works. As we've noted, we expect about 45% of our Beer business volumes will be achieved in H2, which is in line with the normal seasonality of that business. And for Q4 specifically, we expect those shipments in depletes will end up being about 20% to 21% of our total fiscal year volumes. But we also expect that we're going to continue to drive mid to high single-digit volume growth annually, which is consistent with the depletion performance that we've now achieved for over a decade. And again, that's consistent with what we've also said, 1% to 2% annual average pricing increases, which supports the 7% to 9% annual net sales algorithm that we've said we will do in the medium term. On the Wine & Spirits side, obviously, we're further revising our guidance down, was not a decision we took lightly, and we're certainly not happy about it. We examined numerous scenarios and ultimately determined the adjustment was really needed to reflect a number of things. The broader category deceleration and other factors that affected our performance including gaps from our prior US wholesale expectations that we're actively addressing with our distributor partners and importantly, while making sure we maintain an appropriate inventory level for the remainder of this year, setting ourselves in good position to see sequential improvement in fiscal '25. Of course, as I said, we're not pleased with these revisions, and neither is our leadership team nor our Wine & Spirits team, but we're certainly committed to improving that performance in the medium term and expect that our net sales and operating margin targets will be consistent with what we said at Investor Day. As you've also seen, I'm going to be temporarily taking over that business, and I will be spending a fair amount of time with the Wine & Spirits division as we work through the process of appointing a new leader, which we have already started considering both internal and external candidates. As you probably know better than many, I spent several years of my career within the Wine & Spirits categories, and I look forward to working more closely with that team in the interim, particularly as that business turns its focus toward enhancing operational effectiveness and marketplace execution to build on the reconstituted higher-end portfolio and organizational structure that we put in place over the last few years. But ultimately, and I'd like to, Nik, reiterate this one more time. In fiscal '24, we still expect our enterprise EPS guidance to remain within our previously stated range of $12.00 to $12.20 and over the medium term, we also continue to expect low digit EPS growth, as outlined at Investor Day. Hopefully, that gives you some good perspective on those elements you asked about.
Bill Newlands: Well, here's what I'd say about that. As we said earlier, we were very pleased with the 8.2% that we got in the quarter, and we finished November very, very strong. And certainly, we were up, as you would have expected, that strong performance in late November continued into December. So we're very excited about our ability to continue to see exceptional depletions as we move into this calendar year and soon into the new fiscal year. The important thing to me is we continue to gain share. Our two share point gains that you saw in the overall category, nearly three in the high end, continue to be industry leading and are frankly an acceleration of what our share gains had been earlier in the year. So we're very comfortable again, 79% top line driven by mid-plus single-digit growth profile, which we've said we see the runway on that for a long time to come. And certainly this quarter and certainly our expectations for the rest of the year are consistent with that.
Bill Newlands: Sure, thanks for the question, Brian. I'd say this, our transformation of that business is largely complete. As we've said now a number of times, it's a very different business than what it was several years ago, even though we still have a fair amount of business in the lower end of the business. What I would say is this. We will be focused on an individual who can bring great operating efficiencies and execution in the marketplace. We think it's critically important that we improve our wholesale performance in the United States, and we think there's going to be continuing opportunities for us to perform very well in DTC and international channels as we have developed that business over the last couple of years. All of those things, I would argue, are well within our control. A lot of work is being done on the mainstream portion of the business, particularly on SVEDKA and Woodbridge to enhance the performance of those businesses. I think that you will start to see that play out in the new fiscal year. And we believe that -- we believe some of the softening that's occurred in the overall business is transitory and will come back our way, given the real strength that we've seen in our higher-end business like Meiomi and Kim Crawford and the Prisoner and Mi Campo and things of that nature. So I'm always of the belief that a significant portion of your results are really within your control and we're going to focus on those critical factors that improve our business performance as we head into the new fiscal year.
Bill Newlands: Sure. So let's start with the overall beer market. One of the things that we've seen and it's accelerated a bit is the separation between the low end and the high end in the beer market. The high end continues to be where the strength is and we continue to be the leader in the high end, gaining almost 3 share points in the most recent period. Part of that is driven, I think, by a couple of things. One is we have such a strong base with the Hispanic consumer where beer remains a critical part of their consumption pattern. Our brands have great brand loyalty. And again, that's very valuable to us as time goes forward. But one of the things that we also noted, let's take the light beer category. While there's been a lot of movement within that category within brands, the overall sector is not overly healthy. It's down. And we've noted that continuously. So I think the important part as you think about the overall beer sector is to look at it bifurcated. The low end has not been successful and has been challenged on a volumetric basis, but the high end continues to perform well and we're fortunate that we are leading at the high end. As it relates to the Wine & Spirits, what I'd like to do on that particular point, given I'm about to do a major deep dive into that business, is we'll come back to you with more details on where we see our progress going to occur in that particular business when we do our next earnings call at the beginning of the new fiscal year. What I would say is this. We're going to be focused -- very, very focused, on execution and working closely with our distribution partners to make sure that we are outperforming the categories in which we play through our distributor network. That's going to be an important part of our ongoing success going forward, and it will be a critical part of where I'm spending my time.
Bill Newlands: Sure. So let's cover the first one initially about the depletions coming out of the quarter. Obviously, there's always a little bit of benefit when you have an early Thanksgiving because you give retailers a chance to restock after Thanksgiving. But let's make no mistake, the takeout that we had around the Thanksgiving holiday was exceptional, which you wouldn't get the great restocking if you didn't have an exceptional takeout period. And obviously we're very pleased to see, without going into specifics, that the strong November is playing into December as we expected it would because the underlying trends for our business remain very strong. And as I stated at an earlier question, our actual share gains have accelerated during the course of the year, which I think is very positive as well relative to our continuing success in that business. As it relates to wine, as I said before, the thing that we were most concerned about coming out of this particular quarter is that we end our year in an appropriate inventory position and that we are preparing ourselves to work closely with our wholesale distributor partners to accelerate that business going forward so that we are winning in the categories and channels in which we participate. We've got a lot of work to do there, but we continue to believe the strategy work that's been done over the past few years to reposition our portfolio much more to the higher end is going to pay dividends. And again, as I said, I think, to Nadine a moment ago, I'll come back with some more specific thinking. We're going to do, as you can understand, a fairly deep dive into that business. And I'll have some more thoughts on that as we get to our next call.
Bill Newlands: Well, let's start with the second question first. We were quite pleased with the more limited changes that occurred on the shelf set in the back half of last calendar year. But we're expecting significant gains greater than our growth profile here as we get to the spring resets. You would notice that we fully expect that we're going to finish our year in a very strong performance. You will note that we raised the bottom of our guidance, as Garth noted, and I think I noted in my remarks as well. So we actually have raised our expectations around the income side. And of course that translates through into better cash and various other things as Garth noted. So I think you should take away what I hopefully we were trying to portray, which is our business continues to deliver exactly what we've told you what we would deliver on the beer side, 7% to 9% top line growth and strong bottom operating growth to match. And certainly I think our depletion rate coming out of Q3 reflects that strength.
Bill Newlands: Sure. Obviously, I'm not going to comment on competitor pricing, but what I would say, Robert, is we said early on, and in fact, some of you probably questioned Garth and I on occasion about it, that we believe that 1% to 2% was the right approach. We've done that historically over the long run. We were a little bit higher than that during the really high inflationary timeframe around COVID which we fully acknowledged and recognized. But I go back to what we've always said, which is, we really want to keep our consumer. It's a whole lot more expensive if you chase them off and have to go reacquire a consumer than it is to never lose them in the first place. And the 1% to 2% algorithm has proven very solid for us over the long term and it's one that we're going to continue. I think certainly you see in other categories, people being careful about pricing. And I think that reflects just an understanding of where the consumer may or may not be in various categories. As it relates to innovation, Sunbrew is coming. We plan to talk mainly about that at our introduction for that, which will occur at the beginning of March. So I'm not going to spill all the beans on it, but we're particularly excited about that. We think it's going to be, again, another very interesting new product launch for our company on the heels of very successful Oro launch and very successful Aguas Frescas launch that has occurred in Modelo, which, as you know, is also expanding here in the coming years. So please stay tuned on that one. But I think we're very optimistic that that provides some great opportunity in the Corona franchise.
Bill Newlands: Yeah, you bet. As we said, we had some temporary impact around kegs, which was largely in Q2 of this year. But I think it is important to point out that last year, both Modelo Especial and Pacifico were the number one and number two share gainers in draft despite some of those temporary issues. Remains a great opportunity for us when you think about it. I mean, let's use an example. Modelo Especial is number five on draft, but is the number one beer by dollars in this country. But it's certainly -- it’s not number one in the on-premise at this point. Again, a great opportunity. So interestingly, Corona Extra is the number one packaged beer on premise but again still having opportunity in the draft side. So we continue to think the draft is going to be an opportunity for us as one of the growth drivers for us going forward. And, Pacifico is a great example, even though it was the number two gainer, when you see just the real acceleration you have in that brand, I think there remains opportunities for both Modelo Especial and Pacifico in particular in the on-premise. And I certainly would hope to see both of those brands maintaining their number one share gainer status as we get into this calendar year.
Bill Newlands: I think by and large the answer to your question is yes, that those are usually reflective. We don't see a lot of variation amongst channels on that particular thing. Although, you do have some very big markets that are not generally covered by some of those tracked channels, New York being an interesting one. So you do see some variation from time to time, but we don't expect that to be significant moving forward about what the tracked versus what the non-tracked channels look like.
Bill Newlands: Certainly. We expect the promotional environment to be fairly consistent with what it usually is. We don't think there's going to be any radical changes around that topic. I think a lot of it goes back to what we've often said, which is the velocities that we have on our brands are superb. And obviously at the end of the day, the retail environment is very interested in having brands focused on those that deliver outstanding velocities and sales per point of distribution. We shared at our Investor Day that our sales per point of distribution is radically better than the competition, And I think that's going to continue to serve us well, especially when you consider the strong brand loyalty that we have with consumers. As we've also said on numerous occasions, our judicious 1% to 2% pricing actions, we don't pull back on our pricing in the marketplace, which I think is important also. So when we make those commitments to 1% to 2%, that's what we deliver.
Bill Newlands: Well, as you often know, lots of things go into why you see acceleration. I think you've pointed out some. I think weather in California was better than it was in prior year. You saw Thanksgiving being slightly earlier than it was in prior year. I think all those things are true. What I would emphasize, though, is that the takeout around our business, around Thanksgiving, was particularly strong. And our share gains that occurred during that period were as good as we saw during the entire year, which again, just speaks to the strength of the brand. There's gives and takes all the way along in the year, as you know, from various factors that occur. But when you see that kind of share acceleration that we've been seeing in the sort of the 2 point range in the overall category and 3 point range in the high end, that just speaks to the continuing strength of our Beer business, irrespective of the potential gives and takes that occur naturally over the course of the year.
Bill Newlands: Thanks very much, and thank you all for joining today's call. Again, we're very pleased that our Beer business delivered strong performance in Q3 and is on track to achieve the higher end of our initial net sales and operating income guidance for the fiscal year. Our beer portfolio continues to deliver industry-leading performance, and we see a long runway of opportunities to continue to drive strong growth. In our Wine & Spirits business, we're fully committed to realizing net sales growth and improving our operating margins in line with our medium-term outlook for that business as we leverage its reshaped, higher-end leaning portfolio and enhanced DTC and international footprint. And from a capital allocation perspective, we continue to consistently execute against our balanced and disciplined priorities, which are maintaining our investment grade balance sheet, consistently returning cash to our shareholders through our dividend, and executing opportunistic share repurchases beyond those needed to cover dilutions, while advancing our organic investments to support additional production capacity for our Beer business and deploying excess cash to smaller acquisitions that fill portfolio gaps, but with a thoughtful and prudent approach. Altogether, we remain confident in our outlook for the full year and continue to expect our enterprise comparable EPS guidance for fiscal ’24, excluding Canopy, to remain within our previously stated range of $12.00 to $12.20. And over the medium term, we continue to expect low double-digit EPS growth as we outlined in our Investor Day. So, thanks again, everyone, for joining the call, and I wish you all a safe, happy, and prosperous new year. Thank you again for joining.
Garth Hankinson: Bonnie, just to start on the question for next fiscal year, obviously, we'll give guidance on next fiscal year at our next conference call in April. But as it relates to margins this year, I mean, obviously, margins are progressing in line with what our expectations are. And what you saw in the third quarter, this is the first time from a year-over-year perspective where we had margin improvement which again is what we expected at the outset of the year. What we've always said about margins is, and this ties back to what we've said about volumes and shipments and depletions is 55% of our activity will occur in the first half of the year and 45% in the second half of the year. And in Q4, specific to your question on Q4, that -- it's always typically one of our lower shipping quarters. And so therefore, margins are lower just by virtue of reduced throughput through our facilities. On top of that, we continue to have increasing depreciation costs that we referenced during our prepared remarks. But as I say, I mean, we do expect that Q4 margins this year will be better than they were of last year, continuing the trend of year-over-year improvement and which, obviously, we feel confident about our ability to get back into our 39% to 40% range as we went into very good detail at our Investor Day.
Garth Hankinson: Chris, thanks for the question. And I guess the short answer to our question is no, we're not pulling anything forward from future years in FY ‘24. I do think that what you're seeing this year is a continuation of a couple things. One which we detailed at Investor Day, which is the shift from us from being builders of breweries to operators of breweries. And so we're getting more efficient, we're doing a better job from an end-to-end supply chain, and that's what gave us the confidence not just in this year, but in the cost savings targets that we laid out at Investor Day. Another thing that we're seeing benefits from is out of our digital business acceleration activities, which have been coupled with the discipline that we're creating on an end-to-end supply chain and it's driven significant savings in a whole host of areas as it relates to procurement. So again, it is somewhat new muscle that we're building, really more an extension of existing muscle as we, again, migrate from being builders to operators.
Garth Hankinson: And, Dara, as it relates to the gaps in Circana versus depletions, and as you mentioned in your question, it can be a bit difficult to draw parallels between the two. Look, for the balance of the year going forward -- for at least the balance of the year going forward, and we'll give updates on this as we see fit, but I think you still have to think about that gap being in the mid-single-digits. That being said, I'll kind of remind everybody of the comments we made at [your] (ph) conference last month, which is, we think that looking at this, that syndicated consumer takeaway data is really best to gauge long-term trends as well as relative performance. Just as a reminder, for our own business, Circana only picks up 50% of our total volumes, and there are certainly gaps between the volume growth of different tracked channel data providers. And importantly, you don't see things picked up per se as it relates to differences in time periods, meaning there can be shifts between key weekends or holidays between period to period that make it hard to tie depletions with the Circana data. So again, this is not -- we don't use the syndicated consumer takeaway data the way that you do, and that's why we say it's not necessarily the best way to gauge our business.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, thanks, Lauren. So there’s obviously a few drivers of the change in cash flow. And obviously I think that seeing the increase in cash flow just goes to further evidence the very disciplined approach we take to managing the cash of the company. Obviously, some of the drivers there will include things like the increase in beer margin, or I should say beer operating income that Bill referenced in his remarks. There, obviously will be some favorability in the taxes that I referenced in my remarks as well as some other favorability on things like tax rates there -- taxes and things of that nature. But those are the primary drivers.
Garth Hankinson: And the moderation that you referenced is really just attributable to the lapping of the incremental pricing that we took control of last year.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, so shipments and depletions, yes, those should be largely in line with one another for a full year. That's consistent with how we operate the business every year. And from a Q4 timing as it relates to shipments and depletions, yes, both of those are in that 20% to 21% range that Bill referenced earlier.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, so as we said all year long, we would start to see benefits from easing inflation as we move through the year. And obviously we saw that in Q3. Going forward, you asked the question around whether this is at a low point or inflationary in nature. What I would say on that is we laid out a pretty good detail at our Investor Day around what the drivers are that we're expecting over the medium term that are going to result in us getting back in our 39% to 40% percent operating margins. And that includes low single-digit inflation net of our cost savings initiatives. And obviously there's some other offsets that can sound like depreciation, but those really are the drivers moving forward. And then logistics was a bit favorable in Q3 as well.
