Rob Sands: Yes clearly it’s been both. It’s been both distribution and expansion as Modelo Especial as I’ll say migrated to the general market, and as of course we have begun our general market advertising for the brand and Velocity has also increased. So, I think that there is plenty of room left for Modelo Especial distribution expansion. It does not have the ACV of, say Corona Extra. Right now the ACV on Modelo Especial is about 65%. So we see lots of room for continued expansion in both distribution, and we see opportunity for expansion of Velocity, i.e. sales per point of distribution as the brand continues to gain momentum with general market consumers. So, this is a real growth story for beer in general not only just for Constellation brands, it’s a phenomenon.
Rob Sands: Well, cans only I think represented about 25% of the growth of Corona Extra. So, I shouldn’t say only. It did represent a significant portion of the growth, but clearly cans has been very important, but growing more importantly is our continued increased investment in the brand behind our marketing activities as well as investments in SG&A, basically our sales organization as well. So we’re investing, I would say even ahead of the growth on Corona Extra and we’re investing very effectively probably more importantly in the brand. I've talked about the consistency of our advertising. Clearly, that advertising and marketing works, and therefore when we do invest more, we see the results of those investments. So it's a very strong brand with a very strong marketing campaign behind it.
Rob Sands: Yeah, so purchase price and size of the brand, first of all the purchase price is not related to the size of the brand. It's related to the growth percentage and the size of the brand, okay. So obviously the multiple that we paid for it in relationship to the growth is actually a pretty reasonable purchase price, right. As you recall from my initial comments, the brand grew over 100% this year and 125% in IRI. So, when you look at purchase price at multiple as a function of growth rate, it’s pretty reasonable, and we don’t see that growth rate changing much in the short term. So, we expect another pretty robust year with Ballast Point. Also you’ve got to realize that Ballast Point has the highest average retail selling price basically of any significantly size craft, right. If you go buy some Ballast Point, you’re going to see the Ballast Point sales for around $15, $16 a six pack okay versus competitors that you'll see at under $10 or just a bit over $10 a six pack. So it’s a very, very high growth, high margin product. Now, our strategy with Ballast Point is actually pretty simple and it's why we were so particularly interested in the brand, which is our strategy is we don’t really have to do too much other than what they’re doing right now. The key to Ballast Point is maintaining the growth, and I think the maintenance of the growth is going to be a function of maintenance of the award-winning stature and high quality of the brand. It's a very sought after product. All of the people, all of the people that have been involved in making Ballast Point what it is today continue that’s Jack White the founder, it’s Jim Buechler, the CEO, all of these people are brew masters. The incredible group of people that we have there continue to be 100% behind the brand and has continued very enthusiastically with Constellation. Part of the motivation for that wine to sell the business to Constellation was of all the buyers they saw Constellation as the best fit because of our incredibly strong position in the beer industry, and the fact that we're only a high end beer manufacturer and seller as well as being in the high end of the wine business, which makes us a completely different animal. Okay, we're not big beer okay in the sense of want to being one of the two U.S. premium domestic producers. So the strategy with Ballast Point is all about continuing to do what the company has been doing. And I would say bringing incrementally to that some of the areas where I think that Constellation can be of help and that would be with major key accounts, and I would say other places where a smaller company won’t necessarily have the ability to play right off the bat.
Rob Sands: Yes, Mark we try not to factor in weather all that much, but clearly a warmer fourth quarter was beneficial I think for our beer business. I would also say that we continued some of the activity that we had been working throughout the first two quarters related to marketing spend along with the NFL and within other venues to continue to drive the brands, but I don’t think it’s anything outside of those items.
Rob Sands: Yes, I think that there is opportunity okay for Ballast Point to become a big brand and when we say big okay, I think that that maybe a relative kind of a number. We’re not talking volumetrically Bud Light big okay.
Rob Sands: But versus where it is right now okay it can be a lot bigger and if you look at the competitors in the marketplace and where they are volumetrically okay that implies a huge amount of growth for Ballast Point. And obviously it’s a kind of price point and margins that we’re talking about, big is a relative term. So you look at some of the other competitors and we clearly see plenty of correct brands in the 10 to 30-plus million case ranges right and we start out at 4 million cases right now as we end the year with over 100% growth rate and incredible margins. So things are relative. I think that what we're really talking here financially is about the kind of contribution right economically and financially that Ballast Point can make to our bottom line. With all that said, maintaining the quality in the award winning position of the brand with craft consumers is going to be key to that and I’m a 100% sure that the team that's running Ballast Point will do that. We have some unbelievable great new products that are coming out like a Watermelon, Dorado, which is Double IPA. These are very breakthrough products that I think are going to potentially set the craft well vis-à-vis the consumers on fire. So that’s why it's been so successful. We’ve got in an totally award winning team producing these products and an incredible innovation behind it.
Rob Sands: Well, we obviously are giving guidance for our next fiscal year, but we don’t see anything impeding our Ballast Point performance in general. There will continue to be expanded distribution and Ballast Point continues to increase its velocity per point of distribution even in its major markets where its already a big brand like its old market in San Diego. So, we don’t see any real catalyst for change in that regard. The company will continue to expand its distribution and I think it will be very successful in doing so.
Rob Sands: Yeah, I think it's the opposite Robert. The Wine industry has actually accelerated quite considerably and as probably as we sit here right now one of the most robust points that it's ever been and you look at IRI dollars for the last 12 weeks, the wine industry has accelerated over 6% growth. And probably even more importantly if you look at the Premium Plus Segment, which is a segment of $8 plus, okay, which is what we would be primarily interested in okay, the industry has accelerated to double digit growth in dollar terms over the last 12 weeks, 11.2% at the industry, okay. And then as it relates to Meiomi, okay number one basically the brand has a tremendous amount of momentum in and of itself. Okay, we bring a lot to that party. Obviously we bring distribution strength. We bring strength where we’re major players, number one players for that matter with key customers. If you look at our position today in beverage alcohol, total beverage alcohol okay, which is really important and you look at major customers like the mass merchandisers like the big grocery chains, when you combine our beverage alcohol portfolio okay we tend to be a number one supplier certainly in terms of the kind of profit that we’re providing these key customers. So that’s been helpful in driving the Meiomi results as well and you know also I think like everything okay whether we’re talking Corona, whether we’re talking Modelo Especial, whether we’re talking Meiomi, it’s all about the consumer voting with their feet all right. Meiomi has just a tremendous amount of consumer acceptance and that’s building. So it’s a very, very strong brand and I've talked about this before somewhat of a unique taste profile for Pinot Noir and it’s fitting squarely into what the consumer is looking for that kind of product. And price point everything, it’s just a tremendous wine by the glass opportunity in higher end on premise venues. So it just meets every kind of criterion for success.
Rob Sands: Yes it’s really premiumization of the portfolio. Tim and you know the wine industry, right now the high end of the wine industry is growing probably better than it’s ever grown before and Meiomi fits right into that. It’s part of our premiumization strategy and as we continue to drive product now in the call it $15 to $20 range, you’re going to see margin expansion because those products have higher margins okay than the lower end of the business. And there continues to be a premiumization shift in the wine industry in general, which Meiomi puts full square into and our increase in margins is directly related to that, but right now the sweet spot of the industry has basically moved up into as I said that sort of $15 to $20 or even above range and margins are significantly better in that range. So we’re operating rather some pretty good external conditions.
Rob Sands: Well, I think so. I think you'll see trading up on wine is accelerating and I think that you’ll continue to see it be extremely robust and I think that you'll continue to see us benefit from that trading up. And oh yeah, you asked about pricing in wine. We're doing -- we both have significant trading up going on within the portfolio and then for our sales growth is running considerably ahead of our volume growth, which is representative of that positive mix shift. And we’re taking pricing where we think that its applicable and that would be in sort of the lower end of our portfolio for instance. Products like Vendange where we're not so focused on, I would say share and volume and there is opportunity to enhance profitability nominally and they're not the most strategic areas of the business. So we’re now into an environment where we are getting the best of the both worlds in that regards. Beer, okay -- yes beer is becoming like wine. The high end of the beer business is a very exciting part of the business because there is huge trading up going on in beer. Okay the consumer is definitely premiumizing, it's premiumizing into our import. They're premiumzing into our import brand. And craft you see the high end of the beer business being very robust. You can see it coming right out of the premium part of the beer. We definitely think that that’s going to continue and although the price differential seems big in beer, okay that’s really in percentage terms okay, is still talking about like a super affordable luxury, way, way even more affordable than wine right. It's a big deal for the consumer to go into a grocery store and buy $225 bottle of wine that's $50 okay, but to trade up to Corona at a dollar a bottle versus whatever else they were purchasing at $0.50 or less a can big percentage increase, but fundamentally not something that takes the product outside of the realm of an affordable luxury. So I don’t think the consumer, and the consumer is proving to be pretty insensitive to those kind of changes at those nominal prices.
Rob Sands: We have a very -- we have a lot of confidence in our supply chain in our Mexican beer business right. We’ve been doing this a long time. So we have no concerns about our ability to continue to supply in the U.S. market over the foreseeable future. Thus far our Nava expansion has gone according to plan. We are on schedule and we continue to actually run a little bit ahead of schedule in certain areas in our production build-out. And then lastly on Ballast Point, we are keeping those businesses operating separately. We’re allowing Jim and Jack and the team at Ballast Point to continue to run Ballast Point, working with our beer teams. But we’re not integrating the sales teams in such a way that would cause us to lose focus either at point or in our import beer business.
Rob Sands: So Carla, we feel comfortable that we will be able to fund the expansion out of operating cash flows. What I would say is that we will likely at least consider our options in coming to the market so that we can continue to layer in a nice maturity ladder of 10 year notes as it makes sense to us. In particular we have a note coming due next September that we would -- that we'll possibly look to come to the market to refinance.
Rob Sands: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for joining our call today. Needless to say we're incredibly pleased with our fiscal 2016 year-to-date results. Our beer business has tremendous, tremendous momentum and continues to gain market share and our high return investment in beer production capacity position us to support the significant growth in this business. We're growing EBIT and have significantly improved margins in our wine and spirits business. During our next quarterly call, which is scheduled for early April, we will provide guidance for our upcoming fiscal year. In the interim, we'll be working diligently to continue to execute our strategy and deliver excellent results for the remainder of the year. Thank you again everybody for your participation.
David Klein: Yeah I’d say from a growth rate perspective Judy, we’re still focused on the high-single digit kind of growth rate that we're seeing in the high end beer business as being applicable to our business, right. So that’s point one. So we’re not expecting outsized growth beyond the high end of the beer business in order to support the capacity we're putting in. And I would say the second thing is that having the capacity in a redundant facility on the West Coast closest to our biggest market is actually very important to us, and in and of itself generates a return.
David Klein: Yeah, I think we brought because depletions accelerated the way they did in Q3, our wholesaler inventory dropped a little bit kind of on a year-over-year basis and we’re comfortable in getting those back in line by year end. So, I think that may be the other component if you feel there is a disconnect there, Vivien, but everything but we that’s why we took our guidance up for the year basically across all of our P&L line items.
David Klein: We believe that we can do -- complete the Nava expansion, complete the Mexicali expansion, stay well within our four times leverage ratio range and still have the flexibility to continue to grow our dividend and do share repurchases and we will remain opportunistic around M&A.
David Klein: Yes so there is not that bit of a gap between our on-premise and off-premise performance. The IRI measures you’re looking at measure A portion of the off-premise channel not the entirety of it and then when you look at on-premise, we are up in mid to high single digits in the on-premise even though the on-premise channel itself is flat to slightly down. So yes, there is a disconnect between the IRI and depletions, but I would hypothesize that in particular in our beer business that depletion are the best measure of the performance of our business.
David Klein: Yeah I think that it depends on the state, California which is obviously a border state right, we have some of our highest shares right. Southern California our shares are over 20% versus our national share and therefore, twice as much. In other places yeah there is plenty of opportunity, but traditionally our business has been focused on those places and we have tremendous share in the largest population area in the country bordering Mexico which is Southern California.
