Robert Ryder: Well, Kaumil, the guidance is really what the guidance is. As far as the flattish EBIT growth in the guidance for next year, it is strictly a function of overlapping this year's shipment and depletion in balance. The underlying business, as I think that we reported, remained pretty strong. You look at the focus brands in particular, which constitute the majority of our profitability, are growing -- grew last year in the 10% range from a depletion point of view. So as far as flex points go, we'll be watching all lines of the P&L very carefully to ensure that we generate the results that we've guided to.
Robert Ryder: It's all figured into the guidance. We don't expect SG&A to go up much in fiscal '12. It will be relatively flattish.
Robert Ryder: Yes. I mean, to optimize our lag, we should probably have an EBITDA leverage ratio in between three and four. So we'll probably be in that -- that will be the ideal range. That's not saying we wouldn't go lower than that if we felt that, for a temporary period of time, that made the most sense.
Robert Ryder: Yes, I would say, not really. I mean Texas has been a fairly strong market for us even through the recession, largely because of the oil interest in Texas. The economy there has not been as badly hit as other places, but in general it's a fairly across-the-board kind of thing.
Robert Ryder: Yes. So depletions in the fourth quarter were low-single digit and below the total year. So the total year was about 30% depletion growth. So they were below that but still within the low-single digit range. And the focus brands were fairly consistent with what they invest for the year.
Robert Ryder: So let me augment that a little bit. Rob explained the big piece, which is basically, sales are going to be flattish. Sales are going to be flattish and EBIT will be slightly up for the North American wine business and it's due to the overlap of the inventory increase in fiscal '11. The other two pieces, remember, are Crown EBIT we’re forecasting to be down year-over-year because of the incremental marketing spend that I just described, and the Australia Europe business. Those profits are no longer there. So they have EBIT of about $15 million in fiscal '11 that -- they aren't there in fiscal '12. So they're the big three pieces.
Robert Ryder: Yes. I'd say they're probably in line to slightly better than we anticipated. I'd say that the better mostly came from the Beer business and actually from the Australia U.K. business. They both performed a little better than we anticipated at the end of the third quarter. The U.S. Wine business was pretty much in line with what we thought.
Robert Ryder: I think it's not an enormous impact. The on-premise channel generally has a better mix of product, meaning a higher-priced, higher-margin product. So that's not a huge part of the business. So the big thing we focus on from a mix perspective is the focus brands because these are our largest scale products, with the best gross margin and ROIC profile. So from a mix perspective, we really try to focus on that. From a channel perspective, outside of that on-premise that [indiscernible] commented on on-premise, we're kind of agnostic as to -- we make the same money generally by channel.
Robert Ryder: Yes, it's dissimilar, Mark. I think I know where you're going. What the beer guys are doing with the sub-premium pricing versus the premium pricing. Just because of the sheer SKU count in wine versus beer, I don't think we approach the Wine business, "Let's price this and they're going to move up to this category." There's kind of too many SKUs to do that.
Robert Ryder: I guess a couple of things. The fourth quarter gross margin trend, I wouldn't get overly ingratiated with because of the year-over-year overlap and the fact that inventories were taken down in last year's fourth quarter. Okay? But that being said, in fiscal '11, the extensive harvest ’08 red vintage flowed through the P&L, so that increased our grape costs in fiscal '11, which tended to reduce our gross profit margin. That vintage is now behind us. So we don't anticipate increased grape cost per ton. Gross margin, we are focused on improving our gross margin in a number of ways. We have quite a few initiatives that we'll bring you through at the investor conference of how we're reducing our operating costs and how we’re approaching that quite differently, plus the focus brands, which you saw are growing faster than the rest of the category, tends to have a better gross margin profile. That will help us, and the U.S. consumer is trading up. You can see that in IRI and that also helps our gross margin profile. So trading up, our focus on reducing operating costs should all -- and reducing grape costs should all benefit our North American gross profit margin going forward.
Robert Ryder: Yes. I addressed a lot of this in my scripts. But I think what we said was, this gets a little confusing. From an effective tax rate perspective, meaning just the P&L tax rate, okay? All of that hit in the fourth quarter of 2011, and we called it noncomparable. Now from a cash perspective, in that noncomparable P&L benefit in the fourth quarter, it's just shy of $200 million. We said that, that $200 million number will be a positive cash in the bank in FY '11, FY '12 and FY '13. $30 million of it hit in FY '11, the remainder is about 50% in FY '12, 50% in FY '13. That's our current best guess.
Robert Ryder: Right now, that's all we're anticipating. It’s about that $200 million cash benefit. Remember, that $200 million is an after-tax number, right. So the loss, you have to tax effect that.
Robert Ryder: Right now, we're really focused at putting the $200 million in the bank. So as new information comes forward on anything additional, we'll talk about it at that time.
Robert Ryder: Yes, on the revenue side, Christine -- we said this last year, in the fourth quarter, it's about $60 million or $70 million of reduced revenue in fiscal '10 that we are overlapping. And that equivalized to, I think, $0.05 to $0.07 of EPS -- $0.07 to $0.09 of EPS, sorry.
Robert Ryder: I don't know. That's pretty detailed. There's a lot of moving parts. So what I think, Christine, maybe you should give Patty or Bob Czudak a call.
Robert Ryder: Again, that's relatively detailed. The shipment growth in the fourth quarter would have been impacted by that $60 million to $70 million of overlap in the prior year. And we’ve given you the additional disclosures in the press release, but the one thing you have to be aware of when you look at shipment versus depletions, although the growth rate in both look similar, it's kind of a coincidence because you have to think about what the underlying absolute number is. And because in fiscal '11, shipments exceeded depletions, they don't necessarily work in concert. You have to really think through that.
Robert Ryder: The way the joint venture works, Carlos, is a lot of things are contractual. The Crown EBIT growth this year was a bit anomalous because of the increase in marketing spend. We don't anticipate any more increases in marketing or promotion spend, in the future. But the EBIT growth generally will go in line with what volume and pricing does. So if they continue to perform as well in the marketplace as they are now, yes, I'd anticipate EBIT growth.
Robert Sands: We'd expect better growth in the geographies where we’re launching the Victoria brand, which we expect big things from. It did quite well when we did the test market in Chicago. So we expect that to grow in those geographies, one of which is Texas. Other than that, there's probably puts and takes.
Robert Sands: So what I said, Judy, was that we expect in 2012 to grow our depletions in line with the market growth. And we expect the market growth to be somewhat similar to what it was last year. So we, in other words, expect our depletion growth to be similar to what it was last year. Now, this is not premised on any significant or material change in the marketplace. Meaning, we are not premising our depletion growth this year on the fact that promotional activity will decrease or increase. We expect it to remain fairly constant and very similar to last year.
Robert Sands: In some cases, yes, and in some cases, no. Clearly, the mass merchandise channel is probably our strongest channel where we’re, I would say, significantly outperforming the market. And when I say mass merchandise, I'm talking about [indiscernible] mass merchandise, the Targets, the Calpians [ph] the Wal-Marts. We're doing extremely well in that particular channel. The on-premises remains a tough channel, and we're not planning on it getting much better. It's probably flattish at this stage. IRI is about 30% of the market. You see how that channel performed. We probably outperformed in liquor store states, the IRI channel. But all that said, what's really going on here is -- last year, we promoted extremely heavily in the first half of the year and then pulled back fairly dramatically on our promotional activity in the second half of the year. And you can see that in the IRI. It's plain and simple. As we move in to this year, we are smoothing our promotional activity quite considerably versus what we did last year. Okay? So you're probably going to see that because we were overlapping the very strong promotional activity in the first half of the year last year, and we're not going to do it the same way this year, we're actually smoothing it out more, you'll see IRI weakness during the first half as we overlap that strong promotional activity. And then, as we choose to promote more heavily during the year, eventually, you’ll see that reflected in IRI-type data. So I expect the IRI to be fairly volatile.
Robert Sands: Yes, so we talked about this in the third quarter. Crown's top line is moving quite well. We're actually in quite a good position pricing-wise. Crown really doesn't anticipate taking a lot of I'll call it front-line pricing, meaning just flat-out price increases. What they do anticipate doing is reducing promotion spending, which will end up -- you'll see it in IRI. You’ll end up with a higher net sales per case. The wide majority of that promotion savings will be reinvested in media and marketing, right? So you won't see much of that reduced promotion spending flow to the bottom line. However, the increase, the net increase in promotion and marketing in '12 over '11 is due to the JV partners’ agreement to ramp up that spending. And so Crown will be spending in absolute dollars more in FY '12 than it did in FY '11. You will see that flowing through their P&L.
Robert Sands: No. Essentially, it is an increase in fiscal '12 over fiscal '11. That increase will remain through the eternity of the JV.
Robert Sands: There's one factor that you left out, which is you will see higher promotional expense this year versus last year. And the reason for that is you got to remember, we promote against depletions. And while shipments are fairly flat because of the overlap of the inventory build during the distributor transition, depletions are growing and therefore you'll see promotion growing. Now on a depletion basis, promotional expense per case won't really change very significantly. Okay? But if you're looking at the P&L, which is really based on shipments and not depletions, you're going to see promo grow as depletions grow. So that is what is going to offset what would apparently generate more EBIT growth this year, if you were only looking at the factors that you mentioned. So that's really what's going on here.
Robert Sands: I think that we have already seen the U.S. consumer firm up. I don't think that we're anticipating a big change in consumer behavior during our FY '12, so calendar year '11 and the beginning of calendar year '12. What we have seen is the consumer is definitely back, is definitely purchasing. We see very good growth in the Wine business in particular. The only negative -- there's really two negatives that we see, which is the consumer still remains extremely price-sensitive and is looking for a deal. And therefore, promotional activity remains robust. So the consumer is there and the consumer is purchasing, but the consumer really wants a deal. And number two, interestingly enough, the consumer is really taking advantage of the fact that there are deals out there, and we see a lot of trading up going on in the business because we see a lot of good promotional activity at some of the higher price points. So a good example is sort of wines between sort of $15 and $25 where the consumer is definitely taking advantage of the fact that you're seeing a lot of wines that we're selling above $20 pre-recession, now selling below $20. And therefore, they’re trading up to those wines from either the Super Premium or Ultra Premium category or they're trading from Super to Ultra or Ultra to Luxury. So you may recall, Super Premium, when we talk about that, that's $8 to $12. When we talk about Ultra Premium, it's $12 to $15. When we talk about Luxury, it's over $15. So we're seeing a lot of trade up activity driven by promotional activity in that regard. On-premise remains flattish. I don't see that changing that much either. I mean it could move to slightly up. And that's just going to take time, and it's going to be very closely tied to unemployment, and we all have our own opinion on where that's going to go. But I think everybody largely predicts that, as a trailing indicator, that unemployment will continue to be slow to rebound. There's other factors in the marketplace but I think they're going to keep sort of consumer behavior the same. I think that everybody has concerns about inflationary pressures as we go into this year. We don't expect it to really affect our business the way that it might affect others because it's very linked to gas and oil prices. And that isn't really a big, big factor in our cost of goods sold or that kind of thing. But I think it's going to be a negative -- continue to be a negative headwind relative to the consumer. So you get some positive headwind with the consumer or some positive wins with the consumer on the one hand offset with some headwinds related to inflationary pressure. So this all sort of reads to me that we're going to see a similar consumer environment to what we saw last year.
Robert Sands: Yes. We're putting more money behind the Corona brand. I mean, Crown is the strongest major beer company in the United States today, probably by a wide margin. The brands are performing very well as we come out of the recession. Corona has rebounded. Modelo Especial is probably the strongest major beer brand or significant beer brand of any beer brand in the country. And Crown is going to put more spending behind brand building and maintaining the strength of what are already very, very strong brands. And we are completely behind that and anticipate that for the long-term, it's going to be a very, very solid investment.
Robert Sands: Our pricing that we take – we’ve got systems and processes in place to make sure that it's in line with our competitors and that we're not getting out of whack with competitors. But remember, almost all of our pricing is in our non-focus and nonstrategic brand, which, you also have to remember, constitute a very large percentage of our business, not from a profit perspective but from a volume perspective. So we may take some pricing on things like dessert wines, sparkling wine, value products that are relatively large from a volume perspective but relatively small from a margin perspective. So it impacts our overall numbers quite considerably. That's why we have now added information about our focus brands and how those focus brands are doing from a depletion perspective. So that it's easier to separate sort of what's going on with the nonstrategic part of our portfolio versus the more strategic part of our portfolio or the strategic part of our portfolio. Really those 17 brands which we highlighted. Hopefully, that's going to be helpful to you.
Robert Sands: Well, that's what we're doing in a sense. But they are profitable. And so, we're very carefully balancing with those brands, margin and volume. What we're not particularly concerned with is market share or volume per se because they're nonstrategic. So, we have to balance volume and margin on those brands very carefully. On the focus brands, we're very concerned with brand building. And the strength of those brands, both from a market share and volume metric point of view. On the other hand, even on those brands, like in any business, we want to make sure that we maintain their integrity from a margin perspective as well. So it's always a balance.
Robert Sands: Outside of the beer business, we don't do a ton of advertising in the Wine business. Most of what we call marketing is on-premise. Now the Crown guys do, do quite a bit but that's not in our P&L.
Robert Sands: Yes, I mean, it's a little early and that’s a pretty specific question, Dara. But I think in general, beer depletions are pretty much going in line with what our expectations are for the year. And as you know, we’re approaching, or at least the Mexican Beer business, the piece which is Cinco de Mayo, we’re kind of walking them, we kind of own that holiday. And that kind of kicks off the key beer selling seasons, and we are focused that we'll be doing a lot of our marketing spend in the second and third quarters, as we mentioned. You'll see a lot of our stuff on Major League Baseball. You'll see some new commercials, which have already started. And we're anticipating having relatively heavy marketing spend for the NFL season as well. So that's where you'll see our focus, and that's where most of the beer sales occur.
Robert Sands: The convenience channel has actually come back a bit. But it could be affected by gas prices, it could be. And in our convenience channel, we do have a new – well, this year will be there for a full year, the 24-ounce Modelo Especial can. So that might be helping our results year-over-year as well.
Robert Sands: It's not terribly different than it has been in the past. Acquisitions are hard to predict because the opportunities have to be there, and they need to be very strategic, and they need to meet our financial criteria. And so we can't really predict when those types of acquisitions will present themselves. Clearly, our debt is down to levels and will get down to even lower levels where it shouldn’t be a concern relative to our making selective acquisitions. But those acquisitions have to be available and have to make sense for us. And lastly, until there are any, debt paydown will continue to be a priority for us. And obviously, with respect to the multi-year stock buyback that we announced, we will be evaluating the market and evaluating whether it makes sense to buy back stock as we move forward. So we’ve got a good mix of things that we can use cash for at this stage. And cash utilization strategy clearly is something that we're thinking about, given our very strong cash flow performance last year and our even stronger predicted cash flow performance this year and the fact that we expect a fairly strong level of cash flow generation going forward.
Robert Sands: Yes, the answer to your question is it depends. If we don't find it appropriate to utilize cash in any other way, we will continue to reduce debt levels beyond FY '12. On the other hand, if opportunities present themselves that we think make sense or we determine to take advantage of our stock repurchase program, that will impede the rate at which we will continue to pay down debt. But absent a significant transaction, regardless of other activities, debt will continue to be paid down. I'm not going to make predictions beyond FY '12, but it is inconceivable that debt will continue to be paid down beyond '12.
Robert Sands: Fourth quarter, the performance of the focus brands was very similar to the whole year. Okay? So high-single digit. On the depletion trends on the focus brands for the fourth quarter, we expect to see focus brands will continue to grow at a similar rate for next year as well.
Robert Sands: Specialty products are products like dessert wines, social wine, sparkling wine and things like that.
Robert Sands: No, we're just balancing margin and volume. And being strategic as to where we think we can take some pricing or reduce promotion and where we don't. That's basically it.
Robert Sands: Yes, I think that there is room for acquisitions down the road. Again, they have to serve a purpose. They have to be strategic, they have to contribute to our overall profitable organic growth imperative. There is room, but it's very hard to predict when acquisition opportunities will present themselves that make sense for us.
Robert Sands: Sure. So we're expecting promotional spending levels rate per case basis, based on depletions, to be roughly similar to 2011 is the basic answer to your question. And just remember that promotion flows through the P&L as a reduction of gross sales and is, therefore, between the gross sales and the net sales line on the P&L. So you don't see it in net sales, you see it -- it's reflected in net sales but it reduces gross sales.
Robert Sands: Yes. Our distributors carry, on average, about 60 to 90 days of inventory, and through the distributor transition, we added about five to 10 days, but we're within the 60 to 90 days on average that I mentioned.
Robert Sands: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining our call today. As I indicated, I am very pleased with the progress that we made throughout the past year, particularly in the areas of free cash flow generation and debt reduction. Our significantly enhanced financial profile, the momentum achieved from our U.S. distributor initiative and our operational improvements position us for success in the future. As I mentioned, we'll be hosting our Investor Conference in New York on May 18, and I look forward to seeing, hopefully, all of you there at that time. So thanks, again, for your participation.
