William Newlands: Absolutely. We're very pleased to say that March has gotten off to an excellent start. And March was certainly ahead of what our trend line was coming in. So we're very pleased with the start of the New Year, April, obviously, it's a little early to judge. Relative to Modelo, there's really no end in sight for its double digit growth profile. It continues to grow with the Hispanic community and obviously, it is a nice tailwind because of the growth in the Hispanic community. But we still have great distribution opportunities. We continue to grow our velocities on that brand. And when you think about the penetration increasing in the non-Hispanic community 25% over the last couple of years, we're barely scratching the surface. As you probably know, we really only started to advertise outside the Hispanic community over the last few years. So the upside within that community we think is tremendous. And as you also know, we nearly never done any innovation in that other than watching the Chelada line, which of course is quickly become the number one Chelada. We think there's just a tremendous opportunity for Modelo to continue to grow for a long time to come. It's only number three at this point. There's plenty of room still to go up.
William Newlands: Sure. Bonnie, I will take the first half of that. We believe the 1% to 2% pricing actions that we take pretty much on an annual basis is the smart way to approach it, it balances the opportunity to get improved revenue scenarios with the recognition that, you do have some price sensitivity within certain consumer groups that consume our brands. So you always walk that delicate balance of where you go. And our view is 1% to 2% is a good amount that allows us to continue to maintain the strong momentum within our business that we have. As you know, we continue also to aggressively increase our spend overall against our marketing platforms. And that will only be expanded when you think about some of the innovation agenda. So we're very optimistic about the whole platform. But we're getting much beyond that, I think in any one year, it is probably not the best way to approach that question. And Garth, you might answer her second please.
William Newlands: Well, advertising is going to be consistent going forward with what our historical trends have been in that sort of mid nine's range. We're obviously in a growth business like ours, that's still a significant increase year-on-year on what the total spend is, because it's coming off a very much higher top-line than it was in the prior year. So we're actually spending a lot more in our marketing spend than we had in prior years.
William Newlands: Sure, two or three of those things, we'll try to get them all. It's not unexpected in a category that's continuing to bring in new consumers that you have some seasonality effects. We certainly saw greater seasonality effect over this recent period than we saw a year ago as an example. Our view is, that's likely because you have a significant higher percentage of either early or less consistent user. So it wasn't really a surprise, it still remains a growth sector within the beer industry. Our forecast it's going to continue to grow and continue to be a very important part, which is why we're more than doubling our capabilities against hard seltzer for this particular year coming, that we're just starting. We believe this is going to be an important part. And it also provides an interesting entree for people into the overall beer category. Relative to the market share, as you know, as we expanded our capabilities that allowed us to do additional SKUs, we did almost 10 million cases this past year with one SKU, which is kind of an outstanding launch, if you will. But the expansion that we are putting in place is going to allow us to more than double that we've already introduced SKU number two and number two variety pack, and we have Limonada coming online, here this coming June. So our expectations is, you'll see a significant increase in our share proposition, in part because we'll have more available to the consumer. And we'll have more shelf space on the warm shelf and more cold back space in the cold box as well. So we're very optimistic about what our profile will look like as the year goes on.
William Newlands: You're starting to see difference and obviously, it varies by state. So for instance, it got a little tighter in California in the early part of this calendar year than we had anticipated, but overall, we're starting to see some increase in the on-premises, you would expect recalling that sort of it's going against the time last year when it was off more than 50%. So we certainly would expect some of that. I think that the open question, it's very difficult to predict, quite frankly, is where the all the whole channel mix ends up going. It's an open question. As you know, we are somewhat less susceptible to the on-premise channel than some of our competitors, because our overall profile is SKUs more to the off-premise anyway. But certainly, we're optimistic and as more of the U.S. population gets vaccinated, we're hopeful that in the summer months, it begins to look a little bit more like what a typical year would be. But it's still a little early to make that call.
William Newlands: Well, Robert, Patty always warns me about being too giddy, but I must say it's tough not to be giddy when you look at some of the results around Pacifico. Consistently you're seeing four week trends in IRI that are up in the 30 plus percent range. That the core business in Southern California continues to do extremely well and it's developing across the country. Again, we really just are scratching the surface of building out with this brand to be. But my old friend Bill Hackett always said Pacifico, starting to look a lot like Modelo looked about 15 to 20 years ago in terms of the development and how it really started out in the California bases. Modelo is now the number one brand in the state of California. I'm not making a prediction that Pacifico will be the number one brand, but it wouldn't be the worst thing that ever happened. So I certainly -- there's just a lot to be excited about you, you then add in that we're starting to do some innovation and some innovation testing in that brand with Gen Z consumers. This brand very much over indexed with Gen Z consumers. So we're bringing in a somewhat different audience than what we have with some of our other franchises. So, again, it's early days, but there's just so much to be excited about with Pacifico. We really think this could easily be the next big franchise within our overall portfolio. Garth, over to you.
William Newlands: Sure. So let's start with the inventory, our inventory levels came out last year at roughly a normal level. And we expect that it will stay roughly within that range, we have no major change in expectations about changing inventory. Relative to on-premise, remember, today, it's only 6% of our business as it currently stands, because of the significant decrease that's occurred based on COVID. So our expectation is, we're still going to see very robust growth in the off-premise, during this fiscal year. And as you've seen, we're consistent with our long-term growth algorithm that we've seen already stated March is off to an excellent start. So we're very optimistic about that algorithm. But with that said, it's also going to be difficult to exactly predict what will happen with the on-premise, because we've already seen as markets have opened and then closed a little bit and reopened, there's just a lot of variability that's hard to predict. Again, while there is an over expression in the off premise, that isn't the worst thing for us, our business is over skewed into that area. And we continue to expect robust growth within the off-premise channel for this for this fiscal year.
William Newlands: Well, the biggest switching that we've seen is a significant increase in three tier ecommerce. As we said in my prepared remarks, we were quite pleased the fact that we got way ahead of that we were already investing against that capability. And we've accelerated that investment, which really in our view gives us a first mover advantage in this particular area. And you're seeing that change, I'm sure just as a shopper, we've all seen in-store a significant increase of Instacart, click and collect and some of those alternate ways of people buying considering how they used to buy. Direct to consumer is also up, we're pleased that we are performing at more than 2x the growth profile of DTC and we've also invested in that area, you'll recall earlier, last fiscal year, we bought Empathy, in part to radically improve our capabilities in the direct to consumer. And we are now leveraging that across many of our other brands. So we're very excited about those opportunities and that being an increasingly important part of the future of the Wine and Spirits business.
William Newlands: Well, let's put a little bow on the whole scenario about building out our capabilities. One of the things that we've been quite good at over the last several years, is running our plants at hyper efficiency. But I think one thing is learning from the pandemic. And I think any good business should have an element of learning when something hits you in the face and the pandemic certainly did that across many, many, many industries. One of the things we learned is, well, our efficiency was tremendous; we didn't have a lot of flexibility in the event that something didn't go well. And so one of the pieces that we are doing with this expansion is not only to meet the hyper growth that we have within our business, but also to create some increasing flexibility and some redundancy within our business. So that if you have weather challenges, or God forbid, we had another pandemic, but if you had weather challenges, or some other curveballs that occurred, it would have minimal to no impact on our ongoing supply. So that was very important. Relative to the southeast, we are considering that it's critically important to have water supply, it's actually a lot of shipping capabilities to some of the areas that we are looking into. So we're pretty confident that could very well be a future location for a brewery for us. Admittedly, that's a bit out, it takes two to four years to even get that process going and underway. But we're certainly evaluating it because we think it could be a long-term very viable solution for our business.
William Newlands: Sure. Well, let's keep in mind that 60 million, that'll be the number one share of voice in the seltzer category during the critical season. So, our view is that's a very important and loud efforts against that particular sector. Secondly, again, you got to keep in mind, we produced everything we could possibly produce last year and we sold it. It was probably the most successful introduction the company's ever had with the corona hard seltzer. So we were very pleased with our position. What we did see is there remained a lot of opportunity, it remains a growing sector in the beer business, we only have one SKU expanding our footprint to meet more consumer needs and occasions and flavor profiles was going to be very important. And it also gives us the chance to get expanded reach and velocity at both warm shelf and in the cold call box. So we think having the number one share of voice in this particular category, coupled with our new introductions that are coming this year, we're very excited about what our share profile will look like as the year goes on.
William Newlands: Thanks very much. And thank you all for joining the call today. I know it was a bit longer than some of them. As a result of our continued robust performance and financial discipline this past year, Constellation Brands achieved strong earnings growth generated record cash flow and significantly reduced our debt providing solid momentum as we head into fiscal 22. Our beer business has an exciting innovation lineup for the coming year and we expect our core portfolio to continue to generate robust growth as well as we've talked earlier today. In order to satisfy this robust consumer demand, we have plans in place to execute our next increment of capacity expansion and we are pleased to be in the position to continue investing in Mexico and enhancing our operational platform. Our Wine and Spirits premiumization strategy gained significant traction during this past fiscal year and the divestiture of several lower end wine brands positions this business for enhanced growth and profitability going forward. We look forward to speaking with all of you again in late June when we will share the results of our first quarter of our new fiscal year. Before then, we hope you'll choose some of our fine products for your spring celebrations, including Cinco Se Mayo and Memorial Day and let us all hope they are a bit more normal. Thanks again and have a great day.
Garth Hankinson: Sure. Thanks, Kaumil. We are absolutely committed to meeting our $5 billion commitment over the course of the next two years. And as you know, that includes a significant amount of share repurchases $2.5 billion worth of share repurchases. As we entered this year, we said we were going to have two real commitments as it relates to capital allocation, one was paying down debt and then second was making significant progress on that return of capital. Throughout the year, as we noted, we did pay down debt quite a bit. We started the year at about 3.92x and we've ended at about 3.1x. And, we paid down the -- the Gallo transaction closed in early January, we didn't pay down the last tranche of debt, the $5 million redemption in early February. And at that point, we had some things that we were doing that we had to clear up most notably, finalizing our analysis on Mexicali, and then the subsequent, further investment in capacity. So that's why we didn't make any progress in fiscal '21. But we fully expect to make meaningful progress this year.
Garth Hankinson: Sure. Just on the opportunities on the hedging, Bonnie, so first of all, every year, our ops teams and our production teams are looking for ways to take costs out of the business, still continue to look for those as we go through the year. So those are possible levers as we move forward. But quite candidly, those cost savings get harder and harder as time goes on. As it relates to our hedging position. As you know, we have a fairly robust and sophisticated hedging policy that allows us to layer in hedges on both commodities and on currencies over the course of many years to take advantage of favorable rates. So we've done that in order to mitigate what otherwise may have been higher inflation this year. That being said, we're not fully hedged in any one thing, whether that's currency or commodities. And so to the extent that there are any improvements as rates, we could benefit from those as well.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. Just as it relates to further recovery. So first of all, the impairment kind of is net of what we think we've recovered to-date, right. So we have been moving equipment out of Mexicali and over to Obregon, in support of the 5 million hectoliters that just went live. We continue to do that to support further expansion at Obregon. And really taking the impairment is -- and making the decision to move on is the first step in further evaluating what our next options are, which, as you indicated, could include things like selling the land and whatnot. And then, just further as it relates to any the negotiation of the conversations, I should say that the Bill referenced, we do expect that there will be some additional recovery in that --recovery could come in many different forms, it could come in cash payments, it could come in tax credits, it could come in infrastructure credits, things of that nature. So, we're certainly not done, as it relates to trying to recover any lost costs.
Garth Hankinson: I'm sorry, Vivien, I was trying to understand the question. So I think what I heard you say you're asking the question around what's driving the, or trying to get a sense for that the scale of what's driving the margin dilution. So as we said, about a third of the dilution is driven by the inflation, which we discussed, about a third of that is coming from the increase in depreciation. And then, a third of that is from the mix impact moving towards seltzers and ABAs.
Garth Hankinson: Yes, Kevin, just to follow up on that really quickly, so that the growth that you're seeing so far is, fairly well, in line with what we're expecting. We're expecting growth in the category this year to be in that 40% to 50% range.
Garth Hankinson: Sure. And on the sort of capital allocation question regarding share buybacks and dividends. I mean, look in the construct of everything we're trying to do from a capital allocation standpoint is, we want to make sure that we maintain investment grade, we want to make sure that we return to shareholders what we previously said we would return to shareholders, which was about 2.5 billion of share buybacks and 2.5 billion of dividends. And we want to make sure that we have the flexibility to invest in our business, as we talked about investing significantly in Mexico to support the robust growth of our portfolio. So all of that goes into the mix when we're trying to decide where to spend the money. And as it relates, specifically to dividends, versus share buybacks, we feel pretty good about where we are in terms of our payout ratio right in the target of what we've set for ourselves. So that's why we didn't increase it more. And by keeping it where we are, we're able to do all those other things that I said, return a significant amount of money in share repurchases, invest behind the brand, maintain our investment grade rating.
