Robert S. Sands: Yes, Judy. Basically, the new contract was generally designed to preserve the economics of the old contract. So in terms of how Crown will operate or the economics, there's really no significant or material changes to that.
Robert S. Sands: The specific contractual provisions in the new contract with regards to Crown with regard to COGS increases. But again, the contract was designed to preserve the economics of the -- our current agreement.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, so you talked about -- your question was on new brands and innovation and things to that effect. I think that, number one, under the new agreements with ABI, we've secured a good innovation pipeline from Mexico. And then secondly, there is no restrictions on what we're able to do with non-Mexican beer brands. So in other words, we can add either through organic development or otherwise any new non-Mexican beer brands that we wish, so we don't have any restrictions in that regard. So clearly, with the 100% ownership of the Crown business and the ability to entirely control that business, just like our wine and spirits business, we'll be looking at the beer business very similarly to how we look at the wine business as it relates to our innovation and new product plans.
Robert S. Sands: Yeah, we don't really see that a lot of change is necessary. Obviously, the business is performing very well at the current time. Specifically, we have no intention of changing management. The current management team under Bill Hackett has done a great job and we certainly intend to leave that in place. And we see no change in distribution and the distribution network, which has also performed very well for us. So obviously, we don't have the issue hanging over us, so the 2016 date and -- so we'll be thinking about the beer business very much as we think about the wine and spirits business in terms of what investments make sense to drive the business for the future and to achieve our strategic imperative of driving profitable organic growth.
Robert S. Sands: So there's no limitation on our ability to add brands whether imported or domestic with the exception of Mexican brands, okay? Modelo will continue to be our exclusive supplier of Mexican brands, but there -- but other than that, there's no limitation on what we can add in the Crown business or as part as of the Crown portfolio.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. Well, it's premature for us really to address that. But as I said, we'll be looking at that business almost in the exact same way that we look at our wine and spirits business and making decisions as to where we want to invest to get the best return from our investment dollars. And we're a very disciplined company in that regard and we're very focused on ROIC. So it's basically no different than any other part of our business. And it's a great business. More importantly, the imported beer business is very strong. We've got the best brands in that business and we've got a fantastic platform with the Crown management team. And our distribution network for Crown is, we think, the strongest in the business. So we're very positive about the future opportunities there.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. I mean, I think that the industry is reacting in a fairly rational manner. As you said, grape supplies are a little tight. It's probably been exaggerated to some degree, but they're a bit tight and grape prices are up. And therefore, with raw material costs being up as well as supply being somewhat limited, in certain categories, price categories, you are seeing some pricing. So now where have we seen that? We've seen a little bit of it in the value segment, or the everyday segment below $5, which is relatively irrelevant to us. And we're also seeing in the top end, call it sort of above $20, which is also from a business perspective not particularly relevant because it represents less than 3% of the total industry. So you're seeing a little bit of it here and there and you are seeing, as what I said, some rational behavior in the marketplace. And I would expect to continue to see that as the harvest comes in and throughout the year. We're not expecting to see any, like, major changes in those trends.
Robert S. Sands: Just like all of our businesses in terms of driving EBIT growth, margin expansion is certainly one of those levers and margin expansion can occur in a variety of ways. But driving the mix of the products is certainly one of those levers. But we'll be wanting to, just like any other part of the business, continue to focus on growing that business from a top line and bottom line perspective.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, well, they're very interested and have provided for innovation because this is an important part of the business for them. So in our agreements, so to speak, we've provided for a strong innovation pipeline as it relates to new products and new packages from Mexico, and therefore, from Modelo. And then, as I stated previously, there isn't any prohibition on our part from introducing new products that are not Mexican in origin in essence. So we're also not limited there and can look at domestic and imports from other countries, as well, with respect to our innovation plans. So basically, we will run this business like any other business. We have, fundamentally, no limitations on what we can do.
Robert S. Sands: Well, I think the -- I guess the basic answer to your question is, yes. Okay. We are the exclusive importer in the United States of their Mexican products. Okay? And basically, they can't do knockoffs and we can't do knockoffs. So the answer to your question is, fundamentally, yes. There are provisions that actually protect both parties from that.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. So Crown will operate as the beer division of Constellation, and will continue to operate pretty much the same as it operates right now, with very little difference. Same management team, same distribution network, same sales force. So yes, separate division.
Robert S. Sands: Well, right now Crown is a private company, right? So they don't have some of the benefits of being a wholly-owned subsidiary of a public company. So we'll be looking at ways to enhance the incentives that the Crown employees have. And I think that, clearly, that will involve looking at sort of the incentives on both sides and making sure that -- meaning wine and spirits and beer, and making sure that they're equivalent as well as consistent with the goals that we've set for the Crown business. I mean, that's what incentives are all about, is making sure that the incentives are aligned with the goals that you're trying to drive. So that was a long answer, a long way of saying, sort of, yes.
Robert S. Sands: No. It's a pretty balanced system that relates to volume, profit and market share. That's how they're currently incentivized and they will be incentivized in the future in that regard. And then there's the typical sort of split between short-term incentives and long-term incentives. But both of those are based on pretty much the 3 things that I just talked about: market share, profit and volume depletions.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, Dara. We're generally not going to comment on pricing. Suffice it to say that the Crown management team is going to do what makes commercial sense for the business. That's pretty much as much as we can say, or are going to say at this point in time.
Robert S. Sands: No, we think that the rebound in on-premise is sustainable. I think that we're seeing the on-premise return to growth, and probably it's just about getting back to the pre-recession levels after taking a pretty good hit. So it's still, I would say -- no one knows for sure, but in terms of the on-premise in general for beverage alcohol, I would say that we're probably now looking at low, very low single-digit growth on the on-premise. But that's a positive development from probably flat, looking 6, 12 months ago, to significantly down immediately postrecession 2008. So we're optimistic on that [indiscernible] and Crown's business is doing very well on the on-premise, so we're happy.
Robert S. Sands: Sure. Well, first of all, pinot noir is one of the hottest major categories/varietals in wine, and has been for some time. And secondly, Mark West is the -- is now the #1 brand in the pinot noir category. So that makes it a extremely dynamic brand to be in a major, hot varietal category and to be the #1 player, growing in IRI for the last 12 weeks at 35%. So a lot of momentum behind the brand. We think that it's got tremendous opportunity for the future. And I think in terms of why it makes a very attractive -- makes itself a very attractive acquisition candidate when you think about the fact that it doesn't come with many physical assets, obviously there's a lot of synergy there in putting the brand into our production infrastructure. Furthermore, it comes with a very good supply of grapes to ensure that we maintain the supply and quality of the product in, again, a varietal category where supplies are tight. So we've got assured supply. We've got assured quality. We don't have the physical assets. We can pop it in to our production infrastructure. There's a lot of synergies there. It's the #1 brand in pinot noir, so it's a very logical fit for us. Also just in terms of its price positioning, it still is a nice little niche for us in that it sort of fits right between 2 of our major brands, which are Robert Mondavi Private Selection and Estancia. So it's a good fit in terms of laddering from a price perspective as well. So it's kind of a perfect tuck-in, as we said.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, I think we've talked about sort of mid-single-digit increases in just that component. But in terms of how that affects our overall cost of goods sold, it's only -- it's less than a -- it's only a relatively small percentage of our total cost of goods sold grapes, per se. And therefore, again, we're looking sort of mid-single-digit increases there. But on overall COGS, it's just sort of normal inflationary increases.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining our call today. We're extremely pleased about the prospect of owning 100% of Crown Imports, the #1 beer importer in the United States. And I'm also very excited that we will be adding the Mark West brand, the top-selling pinot noir brand in the U.S., to our award-winning portfolio of wines. From an operational perspective, we're off to a good start for the year with strong marketplace momentum for our Crown beer business as well as our U.S. wine and spirits business, which positions us well for fiscal 2013. Our new products are being very well received in the marketplace and we are planning several new initiatives in this area throughout the coming year. And of course, I hope you all have the opportunity to enjoy some of these fine products during the upcoming 4th of July holiday. So thanks, again, for your participation, everybody.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I'll answer the first half of that and I'll let Rob answer the second half. So from an economic perspective, we're very happy with Crown's market share performance and its actually core depletion performance. We would expect, going forward now, that we control 100% of the business, and its future from our perspective is perpetual. I think that we would hope to get EBIT growth doing better than it has historically. And we'll be focused on that. And I think the current momentum that the Crown business had established will certainly help EBIT growth as we move into fiscal '14 and beyond. Let me let Rob answer the second half.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, that's correct. And Judy, that assumes a full year of Crown EBITDA. So we think when the deal closes, if you assume the full year Crown EBITDA will be around 4.5, and within 12 months will be well below 4x EBITDA. And from -- and it assumes that -- all our calculations assume, including any accretion that you guys do, the incremental financing from the $1.85 billion.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I mean, we still have the authorization. So I think at that point, we're happy because we've got a lot of financial flexibility to do pretty much anything we want around the capital structure. So I think all of that should bode well for our shareholders. Because, again, Crown is a very strong cash flow generator and a very consistent cash flow generator. So I think it really complements quite nicely the wine and spirits business. We were lucky to be in a category that's very consistent in pretty much all economic scenarios. And right now, beer in IRI is doing quite well, spirits is doing quite well and wine is doing quite well. So it's pretty good times for beverage alcohol.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Kaumil, just to follow that up, I think some of the disagreements between Modelo and Constellation were probably kind of natural given how the contract was set up and how both parties were looking at duration. I think part of the reason that you saw a different buyout multiple for us, meaning like 8.5x, and a different exit multiple, say 13x, is I think InBev really wants us to really think like a long-term brand owner of the Corona brand in the U.S. And a 13x exit multiple is kind of like a perpetuity multiple, right? So they really want us to have that kind of mindset. So I think going forward, we'll have a very similar mindset. We'll be thinking very long term.
Robert P. Ryder: So, but let me be clear, when we're saying -- when Rob and I are saying "long term," right, we're not going to be sacrificing short-term profitability. We are focused, as Rob said earlier, on profitable organic growth. The guidance for this year is for Crown to grow EBIT. We don't expect to come off that and we expect to grow EBIT every year. And we're just going to be prudent businessmen. So you mentioned a comment, Would we pick up distribution of domestic brands? Well, maybe, but one of the business we'd make is the Crown business has quite a strong profit margin. So we will be careful of diluting our salesmen's attention perhaps on other products that don't have the same kind of margin. So there'll be the kind of balancing acts that any company with a long-term view thinks about.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so good question, Tim. So if you think about it, our revolver, which we have $800 million or so capacity against, is, say, 2% right now, right? I mean things can change if LIBOR changes, right? So that's pretty low-cost funding. The senior notes we issued before, you're correct, we issued them at 6%. They're currently trading below 5%. So if that would be -- if we were to fund today, that might be reflective of thereabout the funding we'd get on that paper. And then also bank debt, which is LIBOR plus 200-ish. So it would be the mix of those 3, and obviously the shorter-term paper has a much lower yield, much lower interest rate, but we want to get some duration as we look at the maturities of our credits in total. So as we balance all those things out, that's when we come out about 4% or 4.5%. But of course, that's subject to when we fund and what the market rates are when we do fund.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. So actually, it's another great question, Tim. And it's not actually a question, but it's a correct statement. So if you look -- the rating agencies will be coming out. I think Moody's already came out this morning. And we don't expect any negative ramifications for that. There'll be wording, I think, in their press releases around the more permanence of the dependable beer cash flows. And if you look at how our bonds are traded, since the rumors of this transaction just started, the yields came way down. And as I said, those 6% senior notes, or the yield on those, are now below 5%. So I think what you said is exactly right. From a credit perspective, we are now in better position than we were before this transaction. Even though, as we said, our leverage will go up a little bit in the short term, but we will pay that off frequently.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so another good question. So the way this will work -- the way this will probably work, right, the transaction hasn't closed, we haven't completely formulated all the absolutes -- is the $1.8 million, okay, that will have -- that will almost be all intangibles. Because, as you know, 100% of the Crown business has about $200 million of net assets, okay? So heavy intangible acquisition there. The fortunate piece of that is those intangibles are tax-deductible, right, so it should help the tax rate on this deal. Now the other kind of geeky GAAP thing that's going to happen here is, most likely, we're going to have to mark our existing interest in Crown to market. So what that means is we will record quite a significant gain, right, which will again increase the asset base of the Crown business. So in essence, although cash going out the door will essentially be the $1.8 billion, and most of that will be goodwill, we will also have a gain and also record more intangibles for the first half we own. So the intangible asset will go up just shy of $4 billion, more likely than not, when this thing closes.
Robert P. Ryder: No, the amortization won't occur on the GAAP financials. We will be able to amortize it for tax purposes. And again, we haven't finished this. But my guess is a lot of the intangibles from a book perspective won't be amortizing.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so that's a good point, too. Because as we said before, the Crown business, by its nature, has a pretty high tax rate because the majority of its sales are in high-tax rate districts and it has nexus in a lot of the states because of the distribution centers so it's relatively high state tax rate. But the amortization of the purchase price helps bring that tax rate down. So your statutory rate would be, I don't know, say 38%, 39%. You're back down to, say, the 35%, 36% effective tax rate, including the amortization of the purchase price.
Robert P. Ryder: No, really not, Bryan. And because as we said, one of the glories of this acquisition is it's kind of like buying yourself, right? We've known this business for so long. We know the people. We know how good they are. We know the work they've done even before the JV was formed. And there's actually a lot of symbiosis already between that 2. As we put in our ERP system, Crown put in the same system, the same instance. So those synergies pretty much already exist. The other great thing about the Crown business, not only is it not capital-intensive, because I said the total net asset base is around $200 million for businesses you said that has, like, $2.5 billion of sales and $450 million of EBIT, thereabouts. It's not very people-intensive. They don't have a lot of -- I think the total headcount in Crown is like 300 people.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Mark, it's a lot like the wine business. We basically set an annual plan and those 3 components get rolled up. And if they beat those numbers in the plan, they get better than a 100% bonus. And if they don't hit market share depletions and EBIT, they get less than 100% target bonus.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I mean the tax basis of the joint venture will be stepped up by our purchase price, by the $1.8 billion.
Robert P. Ryder: No, so the way it will work, we pay the $1.8 billion, that will be tax-deductible over, say, 15 to 20 years. So we'll get a tax deduction on that. You won't see the amortization on the GAAP income statements. You'll just see that, that's going to sit in goodwill, which doesn't -- most of it, which doesn't get amortized. So but the effective tax rate for the beer business will be helped by the tax deductibility of our $1.8 billion purchase price.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, it's pretty confusing. What I said earlier was, we're going to have to mark-to-market the 50% interest that we currently have. That does not impact the tax basis because there's no cash associated with that. It's kind of just like a book entry. So the thing that impacts the tax basis is the check we cut for the $1.8 billion.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, that's the relation -- the big drivers there are -- is cost of goods going up, advertising costs going up, and not offsetting that with price increases. That's the big reason why margins have come down.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. The way -- the purchasing costs will be reassessed every year as we enter our fiscal year. So they get reset based on inflationary trends each year.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, we have availability under the revolver of almost $800 million. Term loans, you have to go out -- we have an accordion feature, right? So we can issue more term loans, but it's not really like a revolver where it's like that available, you can get it on a daily basis. But when we go to finance the Crown acquisition, we do plan to use our revolver, which we think is on good terms, to utilize the accordion feature that we put in to our recent May refinancing, and to access the senior note markets, which, as we said earlier, our credit worthiness has gotten a little better, so the rates on our senior notes have come down since issuance almost 100 basis points.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I mean it's a normal commercial contract where we order and they have to deliver to us within x number of days. And they have to deliver the SKUs we ordered, and the product quality has to be what we expect. So kind of normal commercial terms that you would expect, that also existed under the joint venture agreement.
