William Newlands: All right, Judy. We will try to wrap that into one thought. So here we go. Look, we are comfortable with where Corona is as a brand. If you look at the most recent IRI trends through 6/16, Corona Extra is up admittedly against very tough overlaps with the weather challenges that we had during the first quarter. It's also appropriate to recognize that with the accelerating Modelo trends of 17% growth that certainly has some impact within the overall portfolio as well. And certainly, it's worth noting that Seltzer business has become a larger factor in the high-end than it had been in prior years. So all of those things certainly have some impact on the overall business. With all of that said, the overall family is roughly flattish. We are comfortable with where that business is looking, and as you noted, our overall depletion profile across our entire business was up just under 7% in the first quarter. If you in fact, look at June, while taking out the single day which happened to be a Friday that we lose in this quarter versus comparable quarter a year ago, the actual depletion rate in the month of June would be above the year-to-date depletion rate.
William Newlands: Sure. So let's talk first about Premier. We were very pleased with the results of Premier in the first quarter. Keeping in mind, it was going against a year ago, when we introduced it, which automatically has the normal stock-up scenario when the brand was introduced. With all that said, it was up double-digits, and as you know, we have raised the advertising profile of that brand, and we'll be doing so for the remainder of this fiscal year. Relative to the overall family of Corona, as you know, we're very excited about Corona Refresco. We're off to an excellent start against that, and by the way, if any of you haven't had it I would strongly encourage you to do so. They are really delicious and very refreshing. So that is certainly the focus of our approach for this fiscal year and this summer selling season just to make sure that we maximize the potential of both Premier as well as Refresca in the overall mix of the Corona brand family. With all of that said, we continue to be excited about the opportunity that we have with Corona going forward. We do recognize that relative to your question about Seltzers that Seltzers have taken a larger piece of the growth profile in the high-end than they had in previous quarters and years. And certainly, our view is this. We explore all options where we have the ability to profitably participate in categories, and we will continue to do that. That's a standard way we operate. We will do that again going forward.
William Newlands: Yes. As you know Nik, the Woodbridge brand is a critical brand for us just because of its sheer size and profitability. The advertising campaign that Jim and the rest of the marketing team have put together, we're very excited about. I don't know if you've seen it yet, if you haven't, I think it's highly compelling. We showed it to our Board yesterday, and we've just launched it this week, and we're very excited about the potential because it really speaks to Robert Mondavi's original goal to put great wine at every price point on every table. And I think the advertising that was developed does an exceptional job of suggesting just that. But we're not limiting our advertising efforts to that brand. As you've seen, we've spent and raised our profile in SVEDKA Vodka and the brand has responded. The SVEDKA growth profile has accelerated versus prior year. We will also be spending during the course of the summer months on both Meiomi and Kim Crawford. Kim Crawford in particular with its lead Sauvignon Blanc is a terrific wine for the summer season, and both that and Meiomi in addition to the others that I mentioned will all be supported during the coming selling season.
William Newlands: Well, as you know, a lot of individual programming occurs with local retailers. It happens all the time on particular formats and sizes. While that was said, we achieved strong pricing in the quarter, up 1% to 2%, and we certainly have no uniform discussion of pricing and price promoting. Again, as I said a moment ago, price promotion occurs on a local level a lot, and it occurs usually on particular formats to get particular price points during key selling seasons. So we have not moved away from our normal expectation of 1% to 2% pricing. And in fact, we were quite successful in achieving price promotion during the quarter.
William Newlands: Sure. We continue to expect that the run rate topline profile by the end of the next fiscal year will be in the $1 billion run rate range. With that said, and we need to all recognize. There are going to be splits and starts around a business like this when various form factors and products either have better acceleration or weaker acceleration of what everybody had anticipated. As you know, Ontario, which ultimately should be the biggest province has been a little behind some of the other provinces, in terms of opening stores, which always impacts things. So there is going to be some splits and starts in this thing. I think what we remain excited about is that this is going to be a big long-term business, and we are working with Canopy almost on a daily basis to ensure that we are all focused on the right things. The things that are going to drive the business, the things and the form factors that are going to matter in a way that gets to ultimate profitability for that business in an appropriate time frame.
William Newlands: Yes. So Dara, I think we still have concerns about the wage rate inflation in Mexico and increased costs of glass and other forms of packaging. We still have freight and logistics headwinds in the business that we continue to see. In Q1, we had some really good benefits from primarily pricing and FX, and some productivity improvements that were offset by the things that I just listed out. So and as you said, we had a bit of a benefit from over shipments in Q1, which works its way down to the growth in bottom line operating margin. In a comment on Q2, we expect that our marketing spend will be up slightly year-over-year in Q2, which will – have this coming probably a little lower than the 41.2% margin that we achieved in Q2. We tend to kind of max out our margins in Q2. So we'll run a little bit lower than that this year. And then I think any further growth in margins, away from the 39% target that we put out, which we feel is the right number for us for this year, will really be driven by maybe outsized gains in pricing or unexpected benefits from FX. So I think the 39% represents a pretty balanced view of the remainder of our full-year.
William Newlands: The only thing I would add to that David is, and then we've touched on this a bit before, is that we are overlapping a very strong growth profile from last year in the same quarter with both Premier and Familiar. So to show the kind of overall depletion growth that we had in the quarter of just under 7%, we are quite pleased by. Any time you have two major overlaps and they were both very successful. And as you can see, Premier continues to be very successful overlapping the introduction. You will have some impact on your business. With that said, with almost 7% growth in the quarter, we're quite pleased with how the year is setting up.
William Newlands: Sure. You bet. We are doing a lot of analytical work around what is the best way to present our brands to the public. As an example, much like we have done in beer on space assessment, we're doing the same kind of space assessment work in our wine business as to whether or not more facings are better than something else, as an example. So we do believe that there is interesting and significant upside for that set of brands. They first of all, they're growing brands, they participate in growing categories, and we're going to support those and many of them with consumer advertising, at the same time, while we are increasing our analytical capability to leverage things like you note, which is where do we focus our incremental time and attention of our distributors and our sales organization, so that they maximize the potential for those brands. So the short answer is, yes. All of those things are being done and that should give us significant upside opportunity within our, the brands that are in the power sector of our business.
William Newlands: And as to your piece of your question about the depletion growth obviously with 17% growth in Modelo Especial and the sheer size of that business that was actually the single biggest driver of our depletion growth profile coupled with double-digit growth in both Corona Premier and Pacifico. So – and at this point, we view Corona Premier as part of the franchise. We don't necessarily view that as a "new product" at this point. Obviously, Refresca had some benefit during the quarter, but it was relatively minimal compared to the sheer growth that existed on those mega brands of Modelo and the Corona Premier/Pacifico groups.
William Newlands: Sure. Let me start with your question about on-premise. On our on-premise business, we see as being up mid single-digits for our overall beer portfolio compared to an industry that's probably off low-single digits. So we certainly are outperforming and as I think, I noted in my original remarks that we're seeing an excellent uptick of 20% plus in Modelo draft as an example, which obviously occurs entirely through the on-premise arena. Our focus admittedly as I have said, we are watching Seltzer category very carefully. But I'll also say this. Our Refresca business is where we are focusing our attention this year. We think it's critically important when you introduce a new product and a new brand that you put the intensity of focus on that to get that into the mouths of consumers who are interested. And as I said earlier, as good as they are getting it into their mouths is a critically important element because they are just delicious. So our focus and intention is entirely around Refresca for this season, but as we said earlier, we will continue to explore all options where we can profitably participate in all of the areas of the business where we think it makes sense for us to do so.
William Newlands: Yes. We expect that the Corona family is going to have a very solid year with growth across the family, and again I would include the entire family. That would be Corona Extra. That would include Premier, Familiar etc. So we are continuing to expect that that business will perform well as you know. Our advertising has been increased against the Corona franchise for this year. Well, while many others actually are doing the opposite. So our share of voice within the beer category will be up during this summer selling season and we are very optimistic that Corona is going to be an important part of our growth profile acknowledging that we are 30 years and counting on our double-digit growth with Modelo and we're off to an amazing start this year.
William Newlands: And relative to the question around the wine in a can, as I commented in my previous remarks, our Crafters Union brand, which we are very excited about is it was part of our tying with the NFL and we think it's a great format. We're also looking at the idea of other can opportunities. I'll give you an example. Kim Crawford. We're looking at single serve Kim Crawford in a can as well. It is a great packaged for on-the-go and for certainly summer events and it seems like the consumer based on our research, the consumers are comfortable with a can format for wine. And therefore, we will participate with the brands that we feel are appropriate and where there is going to be real consumer demand within our portfolio.
William Newlands: I'm not sure if it's yes or no. The answer is, we're expecting that it will be the previously expected growth profile. We're very pleased with the start the Premier is off to, and as David alluded to a little bit before we are seeing accelerating velocities against the Premier franchise. So yes, we're comfortable with where we expect that to go.
William Newlands: Yes, so what you're referring to, I think is inorganic sort of guidance for Wine and Spirits. And so we would expect that to be flat to slightly down. Now both topline and bottom line based upon the incremental quarter. And relative to your question on Refresca, it's early days and it's always dangerous to make too many projections on 30 days worth of selling. With that said, we are very pleased with where our ACV distribution has gotten to after the first month. And we've noticed that the variety pack has been particularly successful in the early days. Now whether or not that continues, I think it remains to be seen. It could very well be consumer sampling and deciding, which of those they happen to prefer, but certainly the early response in the variety pack has been – has exceeded our expectations.
William Newlands: And Bill the other thing that I would purely add is keep in mind the 15 which is the larger size, no pun intended. It's the larger size within the portfolio sells for $12.99. So it gets into a plus $10 price point, when the consumer is pulling out their wallet to pay for our brands. So I echo what David said is Woodbridge has done an excellent job of outperforming the category in which it competes, and with the additional support and investment that we're going to make against it, we expect that that will continue to and be an important piece of our remain co as we go forward.
William Newlands: Thanks very much, Daniel. So thank you all for joining our call today. The excellent start to fiscal 2020 has nicely positioned our business for another very successful year. The summer selling season is now in full swing, and our team plans to capitalize on the momentum we have underway, as we are well positioned with outstanding advertising and marketing initiatives across our entire portfolio. And as July 4, holiday is just around the corner, I hope your responsible celebrations with family and friends will include our fantastic beer, wine and spirit products. So thanks again everyone for joining the call and have a great summer.
David Klein: Yes. I want to just expand on that last point that Bill made. So in Q2 when we report our results, we lose a day of depletions, which doesn't come back until Q4. So it's an anomaly that you guys should factor into your models.
David Klein: Yes. I'd add to that Bill that we've – I mentioned in my script that we had favorable price in our Wine and Spirits portfolio and that was primarily driven by our ability to get higher realized pricing for Woodbridge and SVEDKA. Two brands that we're investing behind and it's that kind of approach to really nurturing CPG brands, where we're going to be able to charge appropriately for the equity that exists in the brand, but then we're going to spend back to help the consumers understand the value proposition that we're offering. That's why we're all really excited about our new approach to our power brands.
David Klein: Yes. Vivian, I'll comment on our previously made commentary around the business being accretive to our results in 2021. Those comments were predicated on Canopy's performance in Canada, their performance in their existing rest of world medical markets, return from our $4 billion investment, and they assumed we wouldn't have legalization in the U.S. because of course we know legalization in the U.S. would drive large P&L investments, which we'd all be happy to make to be able to participate in that large market. So let me just pick through those and talk about the current state. So in Canada, we know that this business is volatile as Bill outlined, but we think it's mostly on track with all of our expectations. We know that as it relates to FY2021 that the slight delay in edibles including beverages in Canada will likely impact our FY2021 because it's unlikely that Canopy will have the broad array of products in the market by calendar one – quarter one, calendar 2020, which will affect our first quarter of next year because of the two month lag on which we consolidate Canopy or we recognized income on Canopy. So Canada is on track, but we expect it to be volatile and the team at Canopy is quite good and really working their way through any execution issues that they may have had in the past. From the existing rest of world medical markets, we think those markets are on track, again real strong performance in those spaces by the Canopy team that we're pleased with. In terms of investment returns, we're very happy with the investment in Storz & Bickel, which you saw in their results last quarter. And we're extremely excited about the agreement with Acreage which, while expected to be a profitable company won't be consolidated and reported through the Canopy results in a way that would affect our numbers in the foreseeable future until there is a triggering event in the U.S. And then the last point is really on the unexpected legalization of CBD in the U.S., which will require a significant amount of investment, which Canopy has already announced. And we think that that's a good place for them to focus their money and their resources to really take advantage of what could be a very large and profitable market in the U.S. And we're really happy with how they're positioning themselves there. So look, we still are very bullish on our Canopy investment, and we're very happy, we made the investment when we did into this space which more and more people are starting to wake up to. As it relates to its effect on our financial results, we're going to continue to assess as we go through FY2020 as to how we will adjust our statements on the accretion or dilution effects on Constellation.
David Klein: Yes, I'll take a shot at it and then Bill can fill in the hole. So I think from a consumer demand perspective, we've seen this volatility over the past few years, where we had a very strong April as you've seen in our results. And I think there is clearly a large effect from weather across the country, in particular in markets where we over index. I can't really comment on your range, our numbers – we can get it to that level of detail across the entire industry. But the biggest competition, the biggest change in consumer demand in the market that we've seen has been the result of the acceleration of Seltzers. It hasn't really been anything outside of weather, the result of other factors says affecting our portfolio of brands.
David Klein: And just one other point, Robert you mentioned a growing shelf space and you know that that's an important component that our sales team is laser-focused on. We've also seen in particular Corona Premier's 12-week based volume velocity increased by almost 25%. So we're seeing some really good signs in the marketplace, as it relates to our brands.
David Klein: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. So yes, our guidance revision really reflects one additional quarter of the brands that are to be sold, offset by an increase in interest expense because we won't be receiving the cash from the sale in the same timeframe as we had anticipated, as well as because our – the transaction closes later in the year, our ability to get to the high-end of that $35 million to $55 million stranded cost takeout range is a significantly hindered, which is why we said we're more likely to be at $35 million for the year. But for clarity, still on track to hit $130 million total stranded cost takeout. And so the guidance change was really solely focused on the Wine and Spirits divestiture. As I said, we remain of the belief that we will end the year at 39% operating margins in our beer business. And in terms of cash return, Kevin, yes, we're really happy with the incremental flexibility that we get from the revisions to the warrants and we're just continuing to focus on the $4.5 billion of return to shareholders. I guess, that we want to as quickly as possible return $4.5 billion and then we'll decide what we do after that, but again, we simply remain focused on getting as much as we can out of our Canopy investment and returning cash to our shareholders.
David Klein: Yes. So Kaumil, I'll start on that one. Look, we remain committed to the transaction that we've agreed to with Gallo, we're working our way through the FTC process, and we expect that we'll reach a successful conclusion. We've also stated for clarity that while we've extended our guidance through the end of Q2, we want to be clear that as stated in the 8-K, when we announced the additional work that we needed to do with the FTC that we would close, we expected the transaction to close in the second half of the year. So we'll provide a little more clarity, when as we get closer to a final resolution.
David Klein: Yes. So I'll hit the CapEx question. Yes, if we look at our CapEx over a three year horizon. So FY2020, FY2021 and FY2022, we expect that will be a net $700 million to $900 million range and we're headed toward that and that's inclusive of $200 million to $400 million of kind of maintenance CapEx within our business. So I think, even though this year's guidance is $800 million to $900 million total CapEx, which is going to be in that range for the next couple of years.
David Klein: Yes, I think it comes back to the things I pointed out earlier, Steve, which is really the, we take our previous guidance. We add one quarter of wine EBIT for the brands that are going to be sold. And there are a couple of things to consider with that. First of all, those brands and we put it in our earnings release, their performance last year, those brands are declining. There are stranded costs that we won't be able to take out because we used to have nine months to take cost out of the business, we will now have six months to take cost out of the business. So the incremental and we have the incremental interest expense on that. So I think when you factor all of those in, our guidance range makes sense. Maybe one other thing to think through is that, if you look at last year's numbers, I think we were in the maybe $20 million-ish of NCI, the NCI number is going to be in the $30 million to $40 million range.
David Klein: Yes. So we've said in the past that when you look at our portfolio, Woodbridge is required for us to, we feel retain appropriate critical mass in our production facilities and with – and to retained clout with retailers. And as a result, we needed in our portfolio, understanding that just the category plays in, even if it continues to grow share in its category, it will be a drag on the total portfolio, and it's about Woodbridge represents about one-third of the remaining business kind of post sale. But we think this is a very important brand for our portfolio. And Jim Sabia and Robert Hanson are very focused on driving this brand's growth, and as evidenced by the new spots that we're seeing come onto TV over the last week, because we need this brand to be healthy, and we think that we can get some outsized share growth in its category. And at the same time, be able to give ourselves a little bit of pricing power with the brand. So we feel a lot of upside to Woodbridge and we're pretty excited about having it as part of our power brand portfolio.
