Robert Ryder: Yes. So year-to-date we’re at a 32% operating profit margin which has increased from last year. And what we’re seeing is we’re going to go to the mid-single digits as we build out the brewery and glass plant, right. So depending where you pick in the mid-single digits, that’s pretty good margin expansion. The other thing to factor in is we think mid-single digits is pretty much the highest operating profit margin of beer companies in North America, right, the mid-30%. So in our models, we have factored in all that’s going on with glass, we put assumption there what we think is going to go on with pricing based on history and we have in there what we think is going to go on with commodity inflation in the beer segment. So for me personally, right, I’m thrilled with the mid-30% profit margin. I’m not sure why people are disappointed. There is nobody with a higher margin than that in North America.
Robert Ryder: Yes, good question. And again, you guys understand this, so we will be consolidating the JV because under GAAP based on the contract with us and Owens-Illinois, we are considered to control the JV, right. So what will happen there is as consolidation, we will just – our cost of goods sold will be lower. We’ll essentially be recording the cost of the bottles, right, which helps margins, okay. We will also consolidate the balance sheet, right, so you’ll see all that capital spending coming on our balance sheet and the Owens-Illinois contribution will come in down – I think it’s going to be a separate line of net income, okay, and the cash contribution will be begin the financing section of the cash flow statement.
Robert Ryder: That’s correct. Well, JV, yes, because we’ll be consolidating. So the JV will not exist in our financial statements, right. The JV is going to be a private company is how that will work.
Robert Ryder: Yes, and it’s a little bit difficult, right, because a lot of data is not out there but we have a very different business model from the North American – most of the North American competitors, right. We’re making all our products in one site which is quite a distance from a lot of our consumers, right, take the New York city consumers. So we have a reasonable amount more freight, okay, versus – and freight is – as you know, Judy, freight is a very big component of cost in beer. So we have a lot more freight costs. We probably also have higher cost of goods sold, right; thicker bottles, higher quality ingredients, all that kind of stuff. So it’s difficult to compare them apples-to-apples. But as I look at our beer model, we’ve kind of got the growth that the craft brewers have coupled with the margins that the large domestic guys have. So we’re almost the best of both worlds from a beer perspective. And if you look at some of the data that’s out there, right, generally speaking you could say we’re probably paying around, I don’t know, $0.16 a bottle right now. That data is out there from InBev. We’ve said that that will come down. We’re not really saying how much that will come down because we think that’s competitive data, but we went through a full year of negotiations with all the big glass players in the world and we’re pretty happy where we end up there both from a cost and a quality perspective.
Robert Ryder: That’s correct, but the glass we’ll be getting going forward is going to be coming from a number of different sources which will all have different, I’ll say, manufacturing costs and different freight costs depending where it’s coming from.
Robert Ryder: Yes. Judy, so right now as you said we look at IRI, it’s still pretty early in the game to say what’s happened to Corona Extra and I don’t get overly alarmed over weekly IRI data because there’s a lot of anomalies in just a week. You can see that Corona Extra has slowed down a little bit, but remember there were actually some retailers – not a ton but we were physically out of stock during the recall process, we were off the shelf for a period of time. So we would expect that to kind of come across in IRI. Luckily, we’re very happy with our overall depletion trends, right, and hopefully if Corona – the consumer wasn’t grabbing the Corona, he would grab a Modelo Especial or Pacifico and I guess in future months, we’ll see how the Corona Extra brand bounces back after this recall. But we couldn’t ask for better cooperation from both our internal employees and from the distributors and from retailers. It was just a really well done and an unfortunate circumstance, but we think we minimized the damage.
Robert Ryder: Yes, it’s operating more efficiently, right. So we’re getting – and we’re defining that. We’re actually getting more hectoliters of beer out of it at a lower cost per hectoliter and actually it’s almost like every quarter it gets a little bit better.
Robert Ryder: Yes, I don’t think we assumed any dramatic increase in mix but as you said, the thing supporting the volume growth calls for a lot of growth in cans and kegs. So they would have a mix impact. On pricing, we would have assumed probably historical pricing going forward, but as you know pricing gets determined based on the local geographies and all the competitive dynamics, but for an Excel model you have to assume something. So we would have just assumed probably close to continuation of historical trends.
Robert Ryder: Yes, so what you’ll be seeing and we’re actually coming out with a really gorgeous Victoria can as well, but our can capacity will be going up and will be able to support all this can growth. And also on Corona Extra specifically we’ve actually already have a media campaign specifically I’ll say describing the activities you would do with a can that you wouldn’t do with the bottle. Same great Corona liquid, right, but you can do certain things with cans that you can’t with bottles and shots of the beach, the boats, sporting events, things like that just to get peoples’ heads around, hey, Corona is great. Let me try a can. Right now, Corona Extra probably less than 2% of the mix is cans. So we think that’s a pretty big opportunity to drive growth.
Robert Ryder: Yes, glass is certainly factored in there and essentially what will happen as the additional glass JV furnaces come up, right, we will be able to reduce the glass that we’re buying from other furnaces. The guaranteed upside will be there is freight, right, because the glass JV is attached to the brewery. So there is no freight cost. So as those furnaces come up, our landed glass cost comes down. And so glass is a pretty good component of our margin expansion from the 32% that we have year-to-date to the mid-30% we said we’ll have in the very near future.
Robert Ryder: So you can go back to the investor meeting, so that was the guidance that we provided. Now with glass and with new news, right, whatever positives and negatives, we’re increasing that to mid-30%. What you get is depending where you pick in the 34% to 36% is a pretty big increase in margins and the highest anybody has in North America.
Robert Ryder: Yes, I could but I do think we’re past the belabored part here with this question, right. We give ranges because this is a business with many moving parts, okay, and especially this business as you know, Alice, has many moving parts because we’re growing so fast. Most of the moving parts are really good as are our margin assumptions I think to have the volume growth amongst the top of the industry and to be saying we’re getting to the margins in the top of the industry I think is – I’m looking at this as very good news. And then the ability, right, to reinvest the enormous free cash flow that this business spins off into a very high return on invested capital business, right, it really helps the shareholder value creation that I think Constellation is driving out of this beer segment.
Robert Ryder: So I think what I would do is we’ve given you the bigger pieces of capital spending albeit we haven’t said what specifically in fiscal '16 because that will be part of the guidance we provide in April. But we have said it’s kind of frontend loaded right. What we provided in that table in the glass press release is not holistically comprehensive. It excludes wine, it excludes maintenance CapEx, it excludes buying kegs. It’s specifically for these projects. Now my comment on deleveraging, right, because of all the capital spend, free cash flow probably won’t be an enormous number next year. Now operating cash flow could be a very good number. But the leverage rate of course is happening is the EBITDA portion, the numerator of that calculation, right, based on the volume growth in the margin expansion is probably going up quite a bit which helps the EBITDA leverage ratio come down. So it’s not necessarily free cash flow, right, it’s more the EBITDA generation.
Robert Ryder: We’re not providing that kind of specific guidance yet for next year because we haven’t finished this year yet. So that would be like an April discussion most likely.
Robert Ryder: I think we’ve given our guidance for the full year that expect beer operating profit margins to be around 32%. This quarter there was a pretty big increase in marketing spend in beer specifically as we really tried to hit home in the peak summer season with a lot of media flights. So that would have been a timing component. But I think year-to-date we’re at about 32% and we said full year we’ll be at about 32%.
Robert Ryder: I think that probably would make sense given the fact as you said it’s a brand new facility, right, and of course freight will be less.
Robert Ryder: And then the minority interest, that’s correct, it will come out as a component of net income and other cash. And then of course the balance sheet is consolidated, right, so all the capital spending will end up there and the cash coming in from Owens-Illinois and they will be funding 50% of all capital investments at the glass JV but that’s going to come through the financing line.
Robert Ryder: Yes, I think a couple of things. I think it was probably the fastest thing to do, right, because the facility is up and growing and we want to make sure that we can support a high growing, high margin beer business. So I think as we weigh the alternatives, we felt that both cost and speed, right, and confidence around execution was highest for Nava to bring that up to 25 million hectoliters.
Robert Ryder: Yes, the timing of taxes is hard to predict. So we’re just saying for the full year, it will be 30%. So we’re not saying which quarter it will hit, what quarter will be what. But the balance of the year will have to be a lower rate than the year-to-date.
Robert Ryder: Yes, as we generate a lot of income from this as you said outside the U.S., that will carry a lower cash tax rate. As far as effective tax rate, it should also have a lower effective tax rate when everybody gets aligned that we stop accruing U.S. taxes on foreign earnings. We are still accruing U.S. taxes on the foreign earnings and there’s just a lot of discussions going on as to when or if we will stop accruing those taxes. That’s from an ETR not a cash tax rate.
Robert Ryder: No, cash is cash, right. The thing that could go down if we stop accruing the APB 23 U.S. accruals, the ETR could go down. Of course, if we grow the beer business faster than we say, right, that will have a lower cash tax rate. It’s kind of a mix of tax rates depending where your EBIT growth is coming from.
Robert Ryder: Yes, I mean cans are higher margin than bottles. It’s not tremendously material nor is it immaterial. So it’s the difference that we like if you align price with bottles.
Robert Ryder: I’m not sure if I understand the question. We’re not commenting all around O-I margins but EBITDA is certainly growing which is helping bring down the EBITDA leverage…
Robert Ryder: Sure. As we said earlier, right, there is a lot of [DA] (ph) coming into the P&L as spend all this capital. I don’t know why you keep saying O-I. This has nothing to do with O-I. They’re not on our books. But yes, the EBITDA to your point will be much higher than the EBIT because DA is going up so much, right, is your point which is a good point. Thank you.
Robert Ryder: As you said, Tim, the crop is coming in very high quality and we think overall the cost per ton will be similar to last year, so not a lot of grape cost inflation which is good news for margins.
Robert Sands: Judy, I might add that we’ve been tracking the weekly IRIs pretty carefully. We saw a little blip two weeks ago but we also noticed a number of other products that were affected, so it looks like it might have been a peculiarity with the week and then the latest data was very robust and appears that the brand was completely unaffected. So as Bob said, we’re pretty hopeful that in general the recall is not going to have any impact on the momentum on the brand. And clearly the momentum on our other brands has been totally unaffected by the Corona recall. So the business in general remains very strong from a consumer takeaway point of view.
Robert Sands: Yes, so Victoria; we did reposition Victoria originally when we introduced it – we introduced it above Corona Extra in pricing and we brought the pricing on that down to the Corona level and we expanded distribution nationally and I would say that there’s a lot of momentum behind the brand right now. Actually I’d say that we’re pretty excited about the prospects for Victoria for the feature and with the repositioning we’re seeing a lot of very, very positive momentum in that. Chelada; great product, taste great. We really think that from a competitive point of view it’s the best product out there. Again, a lot of momentum. We’re a bit constrained on the package at the moment until we get our can line up and running shortly and that’s really been the only limiting factor on the brand. Otherwise, we could actually sell a lot more of it than in fact we have been selling and we will as soon as that can line is up and running which is it’s actually up and running right this second, but in terms of being fully operational it’s a few weeks away. So we’re extremely optimistic on Chelada and think that that’s going to be a very successful new product introduction for us.
Robert Sands: No. Cans would be a positive mix; kegs kind of neutral that’s because aluminum is cheaper than glass and cans cube out better with freight. You can fit more on a freight car than bottles because you don’t have to insulate them and they’re just better…
Robert Sands: Cans, we are line priced on cans except for Modelo Especial cans which are at a slightly lower price. For Modelo Especial specifically right now bottles are growing faster than cans. Probably the big can upside is on Corona Extra where we expect to have the same price as bottles.
Robert Sands: It will be doing well very shortly as soon as that new can line is fully operational which as I said is shortly. It’s actually up and running right now but in test mode.
Robert Sands: If you look at the industry in general, what you’ll see is cans is really where the vast majority of the growth is in the industry. You may be looked at the domestics which as you know are biometrically in general down but cans are actually growing and are being more than offset by glass and craft, cans are the latest craze. And as Bob said in our case, we see huge opportunity in cans because it’s such a low percentage of our business and there is so much momentum from an industry perspective against cans period. So we’re pretty excited about the can potential of our business.
Robert Sands: Yes, the timing of our promotional activities is more geared towards the second half of the year obviously to coincide with the OND period, the holiday period.
Robert Sands: Yes, we don’t feel there is any limitations that would hold us back. I mean we’re looking at the markets as we speak and I think we’re in a great position. We can utilize our revolver which is at a very good rate or we can go to the senior market if we want to kind of increase the duration of our debt. And it’s going to be based on what we think the market’s rates are. So it will be a decision that we can make without any pressure from the outside world or covenants or anything like that. There is a lot of flexibility that we have.
Robert Sands: We have, yes. So the rating agencies are insiders, so they have a look at how we think the financials will pan out and I think they’d be pretty happy with how quickly we are delevering and again mostly it’s because we’re growing EBITDA so quickly which just shows the fundamental positive economics of the business.
Robert Sands: We’re seeing growth, we’re seeing positive mix and we’re seeing a little pricing. That’s a good combination.
Robert Sands: Thanks everyone for joining our call today. Needless to say, it’s an exciting time to be in Constellation. We believe we have very significant growth opportunity within our beer business and glass of course is a critical component of our beer production. As such, I’m very pleased with the final outcome of our long-term glass strategy with key industry players in order to ensure that we have the quality, capability and flexibility to meet the growing demand for our iconic beer portfolio. We also have solid momentum for our wine and spirits business as we head into the second half of the year, and we are well positioned for a great holiday selling season. Our next quarterly call is scheduled after the New Year, so please be sure to enjoy some of our excellent products during the holidays. So thanks again everybody for your participation.
