Bob Ryder: Sure, Nik. So on the first question, it was a little bit garbled but I think you are asking about Q4 pricing and Q4 beer margins. Essentially what happened it was really just a timing thing because of -- the big piece was -- because of the Corona recall and we got fully reimbursed from InBev for that activity. That just caused some anomalies as to how we account for that and the difference between what happens in sales and what happens in volumes. And then there was another reclass that happened in the fourth quarter. So what I would do is, I would just look at the full year numbers which would be more reflective of the real price volume relationship. For the second question on the dividend. We are just starting out. I think we are very happy, for the first time in the company's history to be instituting a dividend. And I think we wanted to start out probably on the lower level of where peers are and part of that is the fact that we are still right around the four times EBITDA leverage ratio. We expect that to come down very fast, but we thought we would start out a little slow. I would say that we are focused on 25% to 30% payout ratio, and we feel the combination of pretty strong medium to longer-term EPS growth would allow us to grow the dividend in line with EPS and in future years we may actually assess where we want to be in that 25% to 30% payout range. Right now we are at the lower end, but certainly we have room to go to the higher end of that range. The third question which is more around wine volumes, I will let Rob answer.
Bob Ryder: Yes, sure. So a good question Bryan. So, we experienced a little bit of this in the fourth quarter. As you bring these big lines on, a bunch of things happen. First, they start to depreciate. These are brand new lines, so the depreciation expense is not insignificant. Secondly, as you bring them on and you are testing them, right of the bat and this lasts for quite a while, you are not getting very good yields nor are you getting very good asset utilization. So that kind of increases your expenses. Right. So it takes a while when these big lines are coming on to get them operating at full optimization. And as we look at beer margins in '16, there is actually – there are some big movers. Right. I mean we expect to save a reasonable amount of money because of glass, okay, because we will be sourcing more glass from our joint venture location, which has no freight and has the lowest cost of produced glass of all our suppliers. That’s a positive. Another reasonably big positive is foreign exchange. But offsetting that is an increase in depreciation, not insignificant, and some increased labor costs as you have these startup expenses and you are bringing on labor ahead of the time that you are actually getting a lot of usable product from those new production lines. So they are kind of the big offsetting things. That being said, we are pretty happy that we finished this year's operating profit margin pretty much exactly where we said we would, right around 32% in beer. And we are anticipating 100 basis point improvement even though we have got a lot of these new big production lines coming on stream. So we are pretty happy with that guidance.
Bob Ryder: Yes, I think it's probably -- look we are a consumer product company so the way we would like to get it is through sales that are higher than we anticipate. And generally that’s what drive the bus on a consumer product P&L. So I would probably say the higher end of the guidance would be coming through the higher end of the guidance on our sales guidance.
Bob Ryder: Yes, Bob. On the first question, I will answer a bit of it and then I will let Rob answer as he know more about the industry than I do. When we provided our updated capital spending guidance earlier this year, we did provide some medium term volume guidance which actually was driving the need to expand the brewery right from a 20 million or 25 million hectoliters. I think at that time we said the medium term volume guidance was mid-single digits, right. So I think your number was probably consistent. And that being said, next year's depletion guidance is more like 8% so it's higher than that. So that was kind of medium term. I think that brought us through fiscal '17, fiscal '18. For longer-term industry discussion, I will hand it over to Rob.
Bob Ryder: And the Bob as far as the pricing comment, look beer is a local business. So we look at pricing differently by geographic regions because we have different competitive dynamics in the different regions and different competitors take different pricing actions in the different regions. So we do pay attention to the momentum we have in those individual regions. What is our key price gaps to our key competitors in those regions and we kind of make decisions in those individual geographic regions and that kind of roles up to the more macro number which you would see reflected in IRI or Nielson.
Bob Ryder: Yes. So also in connection with our distributor agreements and specifically in the fourth quarter of every year this is where we sort of look at, where our distributors have come in versus the goals that were agreed upon and set. And then there are payments that are made in the fourth quarter that can actually go either way based on our distributors achievements of KPIs. And key performance indicators in those KPIs are things like sales mix, distribution, for example. So in the fourth quarter they went our way last year and thus, again, that causes some, I will say sort of quarter-to-quarter anomalies. I think fundamentally you have to look at the whole year.
Bob Ryder: Yes. I mean that’s a good problem to have as you know. And we are looking forward to fiscal '17 and depending on what's going on in the marketplace, my guess is we will probably increase the dividend at least with how comparable net income increases. And as I said earlier, we have the opportunity to go higher in that 25% to 30% payout ratio range. And I would probably anticipate that we reinvigorate our stock buyback program. We still have about $700 million authorized by the board and as you know right before the beer deal, in the previous like 12 to 18 months, we had bought back about 20% of our outstanding shares just under $20 a share. So that’s worked out pretty well for us. But I think it will be a combination of those two. And I would presume that various tuck-in acquisitions in the beverage alcohol category might also come up. But as you said, as you look at the numbers, the free cash flow generation when we get past this real high tranche of capital spending, is really significant for our business. So we have a lot of flexibility on how to reinvest that cash. And I would presume that a reasonable amount of it would go back to shareholders.
Bob Ryder: Yes. I would rather not get real specific on that but what I would reiterate is, our least expensive source of glass is the facility that’s right next to our brewery. Right now it has one furnace that’s operating. We have begun building furnace number two and its planned to go up to four furnaces. And they kind of come in over the next four years. So almost like one a year comes in, right. So that volume will shift from other third party suppliers to that local supplier. And when it gets up to a total of four furnaces, it would be capable of providing roughly half of our needs in glass. So that’s kind of how it's going to play out. The good news is that we are happy that we have landed that joint venture and we are thrilled with our JV partner. Owens-Illinois has already exhibited quite a bit of expertise in operating these glass facilities and then tend to think very much like us, so there is no disagreements unlike some other joint ventures that we might recall. And the other providers are also quite professional and quite good at what they do and the good news is that in the total glass industry glasses is not a growing industry, we are growing our glass business. So we are favored partner. So I think it's a very good partnership between us and all our glass suppliers.
Bob Ryder: Most of it, as you said, Tim, most of the machinery equipment are dollar based. Actually most of the commodities and production are dollar based. But the big local cost of course is Mexican labor. So Mexican labor being used on the construction will end up on the balance sheet, right. And that will come down and price of that will be good but it's not a huge percentage of the cost and same thing on operations. Mexican labor in the plant and in the glass plant, right. Because we employ a lot of people down there and it's growing kind of geometrically. And as long as the dollar stays stronger than the peso, that will be a bit of a benefit as well. But the good news is because our end selling price in beer is based in U.S. dollars, we are not very foreign exchange exposed which is a great place to be, right. Because you remember Australian wine for those years when the Aussie dollar got so strong, it's very hard to maintain a good gross profit margin. So we are balanced in the currency of our input cost and the currency of our selling price which is just a really good long place business model. It's a good place to be.
Bob Ryder: Sure. I can take the first one on grape. So we are actually doing very well on our grape cost. We had a very good year in fiscal '15 and I take my hat off to our operations guys in the wine business. The wine makers blending the wine and the guys in charge of sourcing the grapes and farming the grapes. Because we did a very good job buying wine and the landed cost per ton is kind of flat to even down a little bit. And we have done a very good job on refining our wine blends to make the cost to the consumer a little bit less. So we're looking good on the wine side which is why, one of the big reasons why we said we expect to maintain the improved gross profit margins that we experience in the wine segment in 2015. The question around Victoria Pacifico, I will let Rob answer.
Bob Ryder: So, good question Caroline. So, look, our D&A is going up right, because we are spending all this capital, obviously. So in fiscal '16, our D&A is probably going to go up 20% to 25% over fiscal '15 and that’s because we are bringing on these new production lines and actually towards the end of the year we actually bring on some hectoliters of beers. So as that stuff goes into servers, you start appreciating it. So that does create P&L headwinds, right, as you go forward. But even with all that, as we discussed, we are estimating that our operating profit margin of beer segment is up about 100 bps next year and we are still reiterating the fact that we expect to get to the mid 30% range by the time the 20 million hectoliters is built out.
Bob Ryder: Yes. I mean the good news, and again we are quite anomalous in this regard, because it's not like we are building the brewery capacity utilization from organic growth. We are moving the production from InBev to us. So although we won't be bringing the line up to the maximum capacity utilization that it is now, it will be still be better than what you might see in other industries as they build, say a Greenfield facility and it takes them, say, ten years to get up to full capacity utilization. We won't be as slow as that. And then as far as when these production lines come up, these are big complicated things and as you know, our brewery is highly automated. So there is a lot of software IT stuff going on. And every line you can't necessarily anticipate the gremlins that will come up. So we are doing everything we can to offset that. But stuff happens but we don’t think that that will in any way material and it would be relatively short lives. And we are not expecting that to happen but it can. But that’s all reflected in the guidance that provided for fiscal '16.
Bob Ryder: Yes. So the big reason for that is kind of ramped up marketing spend, will be the big reason for that. You know in our beer business, we have increased our marketing spend in fiscal '14, it was about 8% of sales. And we went up to about 8.5% of sales in fiscal '15, right, as we got into general market advertising for Modelo Especial. Got a little more aggressive against Corona in the face of the glass recall because we wanted to completely negate any potential brand equity loss that we had there and I think we were successful on that. And as Rob said earlier, we are ramping up some marketing around Pacifico. And we think that that’s being a very effective spend and the beer marketing guys actually do a very good job of tracking volume lift and the effectiveness of the various marketing expenditures. So that’s the big reason why the operating profit might have come down a little bit. And then also the question Nik asked earlier, this anomaly in the fourth quarter because of the Corona glass recall and some other re-classes that also hurt the fourth quarter. And as long as we are on marketing spend, as Rob said earlier, we are also increasing our marketing spend in wine, right. Because we are a branded consumer product business and we think that’s important to keep the consumer brand equity going across all our categories.
Bob Ryder: There is actually a reasonable amount of difference. Let's see, quantitative difference. There is a lot more miles that we travel in the U.S. than we do in Mexico, of course. But I will also say that they are very different freight negotiations south of the border and north of the border. So south of the border there is not as much competition around freight. And south of the border it's almost exclusively rail freight that we do and actually even north of the border most of our cost is rail freight as well. But I would say that they are very different competitive environments in Mexico versus the U.S.
Bob Ryder: Yes. I mean our desired range would be in between three and four. We are trying to balance a lot of constituencies. Obviously the rating agencies would like us to be very low in that range and probably shareholders would like us to be high in that range because they presume that what we do is borrow money and give cash back to shareholders. So we are taking both into account. So the ideal is in between three and four.
Bob Ryder: We continue to -- I will start off and then Rob can follow up -- we continue to be very bullish on draft. We feel that we can sell quite well into retailers because our brands can distinguish themselves from amongst the thousands of IPAs out there that are on draft handles that need not turn as fast as us. We think right now Corona Light is our biggest opportunity for draft and Corona pretty much is from a very small base, but doubled its draft volume in fiscal '15. As far as Corona extra draft, that’s still in very small test right now. So the big push in on Corona Light. And I think Pacific is still probably our largest draft brands. But our brands really position themselves very well in draft accounts.
Rob Sands: Yes. Hi, Nik. Wine volumes, you know basically, Nik, we have got a lot of programs that we have put in place for our fiscal 2016 to drive, I will say better wine volume growth. And in particular, we have got some increased marketing against key brands. We have been increasing marketing. We have been doing a lot of research on exactly what kind of marketing will get us the best results, and we are implementing some new programs that we are very optimistic will in fact drive more sales growth in fiscal 2016 against key brands, and that’s the whole portfolio versus 2015. We have got lot of new programs around activation in the marketplace and sales execution to drive points of distribution as well as increased merchandizing display and other activity at retail around our brand, so a lot of programs that we have put in place as we moved into this year and I would say we are pretty optimistic that we will meet our top line goals.
Rob Sands: Yes. I think the answer to your question is it's definitely not pie in the sky. I would say that doubling the business over the next ten years is based on what we think is going to happen in the beer market and in particular how imports are going to continue to grow and then how our portfolio is going to continue to grow based on what we see or know is going to happen with the Hispanic demographic group and the growth of LDAs in that group. We think that doubling the business over the next ten years is certainly a doable number. I won't say that we got so detailed in our distributor meetings as to exactly how that’s going to occur, i.e. organically or otherwise. But of course over the next ten years we are going to have to have new products, new packaging, new SKUs etcetera, to keep the growth of the portfolio as it is. Plus obviously, as Bob pointed out, we are starting out ahead of where we need to be CAGR wise to achieve that. So I think we feel pretty optimistic that that is a very achievable goal and number.
Rob Sands: Yes. Tim, we think that the wine industry in general in 2016 is going to grow sort of low single-digits in volume, couple of hundred basis points above that in dollars. So volume 1% to 2%, dollars maybe 3% to 4%. Sort of consistently with what happened in 2015 depending on exactly what reports you are looking at. You are sort of looking at 1% volume growth in 2015 and again a couple of hundred basis points above that in dollars growth. In terms of where we are going to see the growth, it's pretty much the same story as historically has been the case which, there is I think pretty strong, continues to be a very strong premiumization trend. All the growth and more in actuality is occurring in the premium plus category. And probably the thing that it's changing is that it continues to move, I would say, upstream. It sort of started with the bottom of the premium segment, $5 and above. It moved up into what we call the super premium segment which is sort of that $8 to $10, meaning the growth. That’s been very strong. And now we are seeing very strong growth in segments above that. So ultra premium and luxury, really, I would say a lot, you are going to see very strong growth in sort of that, almost $13 to $20 range you are probably going to see double digit growth. In terms of varietals, I think that you will see decent lower levels of growth in the most key varietals, i.e. chardonnay, cabernet, sauvignon. I think that Pinot Noir is going to continue to be a very stable and hot category in wine. I think in white wine you are going to continue to see very strong growth in Pinot Grigio and of course New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc I think are going to continue to be a very hot category. And then, I think another phenomena, or I won't quite call it a phenomena but a bit of a change in trend, is sparkling wines. I think that sparkling wines have become very hot once again, or I shouldn't say once again but again. They haven't been that hot over the last, I don't know, five, six, seven, ten years. And you are seeing some of the more affordable categories in the sparkling wine like Prosecco and some of the domestic California sparklers become hot and I will say more every day. I mean people are turning to sparkling wines as an everyday product. What you don't see as particularly hot is champagne. i.e. French champagne. But I think that it's priced itself out of the market largely and the consumer has turned to I'll say more reasonably priced and easier to drink alternatives then champagne. So sweet reds will continue to be, I think a trend in the marketplace. So sort of big, robust, slightly, when we talk about sweet reds, big, robust slightly sweeter, generic red wines. That's been a pretty significant trend and we don't see that diminishing in the near future. At the low end, Moscato has been kind of up and down a little bit. So it's probably going to continue favorably but not as robust as it was a couple of years ago. So those are the trends, Tim.
Rob Sands: Yes. So Victoria is one of the -- Pacifico, I will start with that, is one of the smaller brands in our portfolio. I actually thing that it's a real sleeper and it's a brand that has a lot of opportunity for the future, much like we saw Modelo Especial explode as a brand. Pacifico, primarily West Coast, primarily Southern California, is it's really big base of business. We are focusing our marketing around things like the World Surfing Championship. We have got advertising campaigns in place around basically discovered by surfers in Mexico, in Baja. And we have got a draft program for Pacifico which has been, I would say very well received. So a smaller brand in the portfolio but something with a lot of potential. Victoria, again a small brand but the interesting thing about Victoria is that they are the largest brand in Mexico with a 15% market share and is very well known by the Hispanic, Mexican Hispanic consumer, which really gives it a huge leg up versus any other new product that could be introduced in Mexico, from Mexico to the U.S. A lot of these products or one or two that have been recently introduced are fundamentally made up products that Hispanic consumers never heard of. I mean that's a tough sell in that demographic. With Victoria we have also introduced cans. We are expanding the distribution nationally and we are seeing some pretty strong growth as I commented on initially, 60% growth on that brand in last year. And we see that momentum remaining strong into this year. I mentioned just in general cans. Cans is a huge opportunity for us across all of our brands. Corona, Modelo Especial as well as the other brands. We are really stepping up can introduction. And an interesting trend in the beer business in general, is that cans have gone from being perceived as so premium to being perceived as very premium form of packaging. And that's probably have been driven by the fact that the craft portion of the business which is the other very first growing portion of the business other than our portfolio, okay, has really adopted at a very high end cans as their primary packaging. And the consumer has really accepted that. So that's really kind of opened the window to make cans a great premium package for our business. And when you look at our business for cans, we have not been in cans at all. Cans represent approximately 3% of our total business but if you look at the industry as a whole, it's like half of the beer business is in cans. So the growth potential for cans is just absolutely phenomenal in our business and in our own particular case, as we have introduced cans we have really seen it expand consumption as opposed to just simply cannibalize other forms of packaging. Because we haven't had packaging that, I will say, is appropriate for the kind of venues where cans are particularly strong in the past. So this has been a big, big advantage for us.
Rob Sands: Yes. Good question. This is a kind of macro trend that you guys are probably seeing in a lot of companies. So net-net, even at this day, this is net good news for us because obviously we will benefit from the reduced oil prices on our, the unhedged portion of our oil exposure. And most of our oil exposure is around freight and there is more in beer than wine because they just ship more cases. So I would say oil prices is a net positive for us but when you guys get into the numbers you will see that we still had around $30 million loss on I will say, unrealized commodity hedges and most of those were around diesel hedges. Those losses will flow through the P&L over the next two years. A reasonable amount will flow through the P&L in fiscal '16. That would have been included in our guidance. But net net, the reduction to oil prices, I will say from a fiscal '16, is a positive. And of course if they stayed low, it will be even more of a positive as these out of the money get behind us.
Rob Sands: Yes, when we think about scale, we are really talking, I think, primarily about tuck-in brand type acquisitions in the couple of hundred million, probably range, or less. There just isn't, there isn't anything really big in any of the three categories that I will say ostensibly makes a lot of sense to us. So it's really just, I would say, opportunistic tuck-in brand type opportunities across the three categories.
Rob Sands: Yes. I mean I think the only thing that I would add is much like cans it represents it represents a relatively small percentage of our business and a relatively large percentage of the overall beer business. So it remains a big opportunity for us. We are being prudent in how we introduce draft for our biggest brand Corona extra to see how it impacts the brand where it's traditionally been only a glass on premise. So we are interested to see exactly what happens in those accounts where we put draft in. I think the results of our testing thus far has been that way we put draft even in high market share on premise, establishments, that it tends to be a market expanding as opposed to purely cannibalistic. So we think that that’s a very positive trend. Of course everything that we do, we do it keeping in mind that we are not going to cannibalize higher margins with a lower margin business can. Draft is essentially the same kind of margin structure as our other package formats in general. So we are not overly concerned with it but on the other hand we certainly would -- we like the fact that it appears to be significantly market expanding when we put it in. We actually tend to see increased sales of glass in a surrounding area when we put draft, Corona extra draft into an establishment. And that’s sort of been I think the traditional thinking on draft, is that it not only has just benefit from a pure substantive point of view, i.e. another format to consume the product, but it also has a marketing or advertising component that helps to sell your other packages off premise. And we are definitely seeing that.
Rob Sands: Yes. So we are pretty much self sufficient on cans right now having put in our can capacity all ready. And we can produce pretty much as much in cans as we could possibly need. As I said, we are just rolling out a new can for Corona Extra. Corona Extra has been about, I think, 3% cans. So very huge opportunity. Our business overall, meaning everything to buying, is about 20% cans in a market that’s I think closer to about 50% cans. So huge opportunity there and no capacity constraints whatsoever. And we can supply a hundred percent of our cans at this stage. So it's the year of the can.
Rob Sands: Well, thanks everybody for joining our call today. I would like to conclude by saying that we are extremely pleased with our performance in fiscal '15. And we are already hard at work to deliver the exciting opportunities we have before us in fiscal '16. I am particularly proud of the fact that we are initiating a dividend for the first time in the 70-year history of our company. This complements our efforts to continue to deliver shareholder value. As we have discussed in detail today, we remain committed to driving the growth of our business while continuing to invest in our brands and operations. Our next quarterly call will be scheduled for the beginning of July. In the meantime, we look forward to a very busy spring selling season. You can look for us as we kick up our Cinco de Mayo celebration by ringing the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange. And as always, we hope you will enjoy our fine products for your own celebrations both big and small in the coming months. So, again, thank you for your participation.
