Rob Sands: Yes, so the Canadian IPO is really, assuming that it occurs, intended to achieve a number of things. Number one, we think that’s sort of buried in the whole company in the wine and spirits division, it doesn't really get much visibility from a value perspective. And that if we treat it more as a standalone entity, the fact that it is a very high performing business in Canada will become a lot more visible, that's number one. So we think that that will be positively reflected in its valuation and our valuation overall. Number two, it's obviously also a capital allocation opportunity for us. As I said an IPO of a part of the - of the Canadian business will enable us to continue to manage our debt and keep it at the levels that we think are optimal for the company as we also embark on some of our other strategic initiatives that are driving our very positive results in the wine and spirits business. Meiomi is an example, Prisoner is an example, our investments behind driving premiumization in the portfolio with our other brands and our NPD initiatives. So we see the Canadian IPO as helping us to potentially achieve a lot of positive things. It is an interesting business, it’s got strong growth. We built an improved market share in Canada. So we think that it represents in many respects a great standalone opportunity. As far as its implications as to our strategy for the rest of the wine and spirits business, there really is no implication there. The wine and spirits business - our wine and spirits business remains very strong, as you've seen in the results, we had fantastic leverage, P&L leverage in that business this year, we had tremendous margin expansion in that business. Even inclusive of Canada, which is a bit lower in margin than the overall business, we posted operating profit margin in the mid 20%s, which is fantastic for any business in any industry. A mid 20%s operating profit margin was the kind of leverage and growth and EBIT that we're getting in that business. So really no implications relative to the rest of the business. But we think that as I said as a standalone business it's a great opportunity from an investment point of view. So that's basically the thinking there.
Rob Sands: Well, it's the things that have been driving and that drove the results this year. He's got to continue to focus on those same things. So it's all about like premiumization, it's about driving mix, it's about driving our higher margin brands and our newly acquired brands like Prisoner, like Meiomi, driving the organic growth of our really high margin focus brands, good examples being Kim Crawford, that's number one. NPD continues to be really important in the beverage alcohol business. NPD is providing almost all of the growth across any category in wine, beer, and spirits. Our beer business tends to be a little bit different than that because we happen to be in sort of in the main sweet spot of growth with our Mexican portfolio and our craft portfolio. But continuing to drive that NPD pipeline is again one of his main strategic initiatives. And as I said our new acquisitions, Meiomi, Mark West is only a few years old, Prisoner, these are all key to our premiumization and strategy and driving mix. And again, this is the sweet spot of growth in the beverage alcohol business. So it's pretty straightforward, and then it's you know, sort of I'd say day to day bread and butter stuff. COGS, control over COGS, costs and growth has been an important driver of our financial results there, as well as other expense items in the P&L. So he will continue to focus on those things as well. Good news is that he's doing a really great job and we're extremely optimistic obviously given our guidance for next year that we'll continue to be very successful in those areas.
Rob Sands: Yes, because call it a middle of the road approach, right. It gets us some and some, right. The Canadian business is a great business. It enables us to continue to have the Canadian business that they utilize it as distribution platform for our US brands. On the other hand, it will create more transparency into the performance of this business and therefore we think that it will be positive from a valuation perspective. And then of course there's the proceeds from the sale of a portion of the business, right, which as I said in my talk will enable us to continue to manage our debt levels appropriately and fits very nicely into our overall capital allocation strategy to enable us to do the things that David was just talking about, which includes some of our strategic initiatives, as well as David pointed out, methodically returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividend increases, as well as share repurchases. We did recommence our share repurchasing activity this quarter, and although we didn't include it in our guidance because we don't know what we're going to do necessarily because we act opportunistically there. It's certainly a major element of our capital allocation strategy, as I said to continue to return money to shareholders in both those matters, dividend increases and share repurchases. So it all fits together pretty nicely without sort of disassembling the business.
Rob Sands: I would say - this is Rob. I would say that was being heavily investigated and pursued even prior to the acquisition. So the answer is that it is a strategic initiative as we speak.
Rob Sands: Look, our position on pricing, our strategy remains the same. We really make our pricing decisions from a very granular perspective market by market, case by case, city by city. I think fundamentally the answer to your question is that we don't necessarily see anything on the horizon that dictates that we should be taking a different approach to pricing than we have in the past. It's going to be sort of based on what we think the market will allow and our competitive position. And we wouldn't use pricing to slow down the business and potentially damage the health of the brands. I can tell you that right now. We have, we believe the capacity necessary to meet the demand in the marketplace. But pricing is an important element of our growth strategy too. So we're going to continue to take the very balanced approach that we've been taking in the past.
Rob Sands: So in answer to your first question, I think there is a bit of a misnomer there. We clarified some points in our distributor contracts and this and that recently. We talked about that at our GNS, our Gold Network Summit. It's really - I would say doesn't amount to much. We're not - I wouldn't call it enforcing our contracts in a particularly different manner. We continue to have the same approach with our distributors, which is very much a partnership approach, okay. Our proposition to our distributors is pretty simple, okay, which is like any smart business people, you should invest in the higher margin, higher growth parts of your business that can develop, you know, that's going to drive your margins in your business for the future, and we think that it's our portfolio that's the squeaky wheel that ought to get that grease. I mean, it's really as simple as that. And by the way, it's not a hard sell, okay? They all get it. They get it very easily and they can see it in their own financial results that the key in many respects to their future from any material perspective is in our portfolio, because the other large elements of their portfolio are flat to down, okay. So all of the action is in our brands and to some degree craft of course, which is - we're playing in that as well. So I don't think that there's anything particularly different going on with our distributor network. We're not insisting upon different terms than we have in the past in any material sense. And then your other question was product growth? We don't really break that out, but needless to say we're getting very strong growth in Corona and we continue that growth - continue to expect that growth to continue, right, driven by the can, driven by continued execution in the marketplace, even for 100% or a really well distributed brand. There remains to be distribution opportunity even for a brand like Corona when you look at the various SKUs and packs and this and that that we have. I mean, it's not 100% distributed in that regard. And then look, we're increasing our marketing activities ahead of the market very consciously because the most critical thing we have is to maintain the health of these brands. And therefore we think that continuing to increase our share of voice in building these brands is important. And then we also have great execution in that regard. I think that our advertising and our marketing in general and our strategy there is really working. So I mean I suppose you could be increasing bad advertising, which isn't going to get you anywhere. But we're increasing really, really good advertising that resonates with the consumer and we know that we get a fantastic return from this, so - because we measure it.
Rob Sands: Well, I think that the answer to your question is again, kind of some and some. It is obviously opportunistic in that you can't necessarily predict that there's going to be a willing seller of the things that we would like to acquire at the price that we would like to acquire it. So it is opportunistic in that regard. It's also strategic in that you know, clearly premiumization is an important part of the strategy whether it's wine, beer, or spirits. Margin enhancement is important to us as we look at various opportunities across the three segments, which goes back of course to the premiumization element of the strategy. And also obviously buying things that are sort of in the right place at the right time is important to us. You know, you look at wine, and clearly all the big growth in wine right now is in these higher price points like The Prisoner. You look at beer, it's almost the same in that it's better beer and higher price points that are driving that market. I think Ballast Point is a great example of that. I mean, that's like at the highest end of the beer market and it’s got the fastest growth of any major craft brewer. It's almost a little contradictory in the sense that it would be the highest price and have the highest growth, but that's what makes it as attractive as it is. And then spirits is an interesting segment as well, and we made a couple of small acquisitions in the craft spirits space over the last 12 months. One called the Crafthouse Cocktails where we bought a minority interest in a brand that we think has the potential to be a very fast growing, high margin business. And then another bourbon brand recently again, that we think has the potential to be high margin, high growth too. But spirits I'd say is a little less developed from an opportunity point of view right now. The global spirits brand picture, I don't necessarily see us really playing in that. It's not of great interest. It's a market that's somewhat under pressure even in the segments that are growing pretty well, i.e., brown spirits and bourbon, but it's not really our sweet spot. But craft spirits much like craft beers is pretty interesting, but much more developmental in that the craft spirits business is much less developed than the craft beer, and the brands are even smaller, okay, than in craft beer. But we look at that segment too. I'd just add one other thing; our strategy is as it relates to capital allocation, acquisitions, really hasn't changed, okay. We're not on an acquisition bender or anything to that effect. We're going to continue to be highly strategic, look at opportunities as they arise as we always have. Obviously our strategy has changed a lot over the years. Now it's really about where we've taken advantage of opportunities. It's about buying sort of tuck-in, high growth, high margin, easy to assimilate type opportunities. So I guess as I said, the answer to your question is some and some. It's strategic, but it's also opportunistic. As we go forward here we intend to maintain, more importantly, our discipline on capital allocation, all of the things that we've said being a priority: reducing debt, returning dollars and value to shareholders, and making occasional strategic acquisitions as they come along, and maintaining our debt levels sort of in that three range where we said.
Rob Sands: Okay, well thank you, everyone. As we wrap up our discussion of the fourth quarter and FY16 results, I want to reiterate how pleased I am with our year end success and how we are positioned for continued growth and financial strength in fiscal '17. As our guidance shows, we are confident in our ability to continue achieving growth and we are firm in our commitment to deliver shareholder value. We look forward to the next time we speak with you in early July when we will share the results of our first quarter of our new fiscal year. But before then we hope you'll pick up a few of our fine products for your spring celebrations, including Cinco de Mayo and Memorial Day weekend. And speaking of Cinco, you can look for us at the New York Stock Exchange on May 5th as we officially kick off our Cinco Happy Hour by ringing the closing bell. Thanks and have a great day.
David Klein: Yes, so generally, Dara, first of all there are a lot of moving parts as it relates to a buildup of our operating margin in the beer business, and in particular in the work that’s being done at Nava. So as we said for the last year really, we're going to see headwinds in margin expansion at Nava as a result of incremental depreciation expense, line commissioning costs, employee hiring, as we bring capacity on, but we don't necessarily get the throughput through the facility. I would say that while we also are benefiting from stepping away from the ISA with ABI, as you'll recall we did extend although at a lesser amount in terms of case volume, we extended the ISA with ABI which dampened some of the near term margin upside that we may have otherwise seen. And then the last point really being Ballast Point. Now in terms of craft performers, Ballast Point is probably one of the best performing crafts from a financial profile perspective, but it still is dilutive to our overall operating margin of our beer business.
David Klein: Well Judy, I think that it's of the things you mentioned around beer growth, it's both of those things. We think the brands continue to have very strong momentum. We continue to see that even as we're into the New Year in terms of IRI. There is a lot of distribution gain activity or a lot of space we can gain in terms of distribution in the coming year. We do expect continued growth of cans and again, our objective remains to drive our can volume up in aggregate into that mid-teens kind of range of total volume over time. I do want to address your point around the level of conservatism in our guidance. I would say that we've taken the same approach this year to guidance as we've used in the past. We're trying to give our best estimate as to where we think the business will land on the year, and I think that's reflected in the numbers that we produced. And again I think you do need to focus on the organic depletion number, which is - or the organic net sales number, which is the 10% to 13% because I think combined with our 1% to 2% pricing guidance, you get to a fairly respectable, but achievable volume number.
David Klein: So I would say, Judy, we are seeking all the time to methodically and consistently drive shareholder value. And so we look at all of the tools in the tool box that we have to do that. And yes, in some instances it's in acquisition like The Prisoner or Meiomi. And I would say that early returns on Meiomi and Ballast Point are very positive, from a shareholder return standpoint we expect to see the same results, from an execution standpoint, from The Prisoner transaction you can see that we do remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders as evidenced by a 29% increase in our dividend. And we will continue to look at share repurchases when we can stay within our leverage, our targeted leverage range, and we can be opportunistic in the market. And remember that the guidance that we gave assuming 206 million shares outstanding assumes no additional share repurchases at this point.
David Klein: Yes, that's a hard one because of the fungibility of cash. We will not be going to the market to borrow for - specifically for The Prisoner. We will take it off the revolver or cash on hand.
David Klein: The accretion estimate assumes kind of an average borrowing rate actually. So I guess you could imply the revolver from that when you're doing your math.
David Klein: I don't think you'll see anything different from previous years because we've had this pressure if you'll recall for the last couple of years. And we do a lot of work with our distributor partners to plan inventory levels so that we optimize our - the freshness of our beer, while making sure that we don't stock out at retail. So I don't think you'll see a dramatic shift from where we've been in the past.
David Klein: Our inventory levels from a days on hand, right, which reflect year-over-year growth, our inventory levels from a days on hand standpoint are consistent with where we've been in previous years at this point in time. And that's both within our network and at the distributors.
David Klein: So first of all I'll say that Miramar has capacity for about 10 million to 12 million cases. And then beyond that I think we've said in the past that, and Ballast Point has said this, Jim Buechler and his team have discussed looking for a location for an east coast brewery at some point in the future.
David Klein: Yes, so Tim, I think one of the issues that we wrestle with and you wrestle with and every corporation in America is wrestling with at the moment is all of the change that's happening both domestically and internationally from a tax policy perspective. And so you can see the benefits that we've had in recent years from certain foreign tax credits, as well as from the benefits of the tax treatment of stock option expense. And so that has helped push our number down in recent years, right. And then in terms of our cash versus book, I would say how that all resolves itself on an ongoing basis, I think is going to depend upon the changes in overall tax policy. I would say that we expect our cash taxes to remain in the low 20%s for the foreseeable future.
David Klein: Yes, a little bit I would say that '17 and '18 as we said will continue to be the peak years. It's hard to really say at this point how things will flow between say '18 and '19 versus '17. So other than '17 and '18 will be our heaviest year, I'm reluctant to give any further guidance.
David Klein: Yes, Bonnie, most of the pricing benefits that we've seen are really just overall price across the portfolio, across markets. And we would have expected it to be fairly heavy in the previous quarter because of the price increase that we implemented in October of this past year.
David Klein: So in terms of total SG&A, we would be - we saw increases in marketing. We saw increases in compensation expense. We had some increases that would have come into our number on a year-over-year basis as a result of the Ballast Point acquisition.
David Klein: No, we didn't other than to say the Prisoner brands themselves in aggregate represent about 175,000 cases.
David Klein: I would say from my perspective Meiomi continues to track actually better than our original expectations when we did the acquisition. The most recent 12 weeks or at least the 12 weeks in IRI that coincided with the end of our fiscal year had it up, the brand up 88%. And as we said when we originally spoke about the transaction, it has one of the best gross profit margin profiles within our entire wine portfolio, and we've continued to see that and in fact improved upon that a little bit. So we're very pleased with how we've progressed with Meiomi.
David Klein: That's the right way to look at it. It probably does come - actually line up fairly well with Meiomi.
David Klein: We wouldn't expect to. Our intention for the business is to continue to milk the low end of the portfolio and to drive growth and increase profitability at the high end of the portfolio. So we will continue to have that consistent capital requirement in our wine business that we've seen over the past several years, but we just - our intent is to make it work harder.
