Robert Sands: Sure. First of all, as relates to the on premise, right, I would say that the condition of the on premise remains fairly poor, in that to the extent that it’s measurable, the on premise I think continues to be sort of on the down-ish – slightly down-ish side. For us, our on premise business is very strong. So we’re clearly gaining share in on premise. So while the channel is not performing particularly well, we’re extremely pleased with our performance in the on premise. Then to your second question, Nik, there’s definitely whitespace that we think is very good whitespace that we don't participate in. You mentioned, for instance, the FMB category. That’s a very good category in terms of its premium positioning margins and growth, so that's clearly a subcategory that we’ll be looking at in terms of developing our portfolio for the future. And then secondly, there's other areas of white space. A good example of our filling whitespace in our portfolio is our High West acquisition, right? That has put us in the craft brown spirits, right – American straight whiskey category and that is a fantastic category in terms of growth and margins, which we see no abatement in that trend in any time in the near future. So we've got a great entrant there and we’ll be continuing to look at other areas of whitespace that would be available to us and makes sense in terms of our portfolio and from a synergy perspective, which really anything in beverage alcohol really fits that bill because, obviously, we have strong sales organizations across wine, beer, and spirits and extremely strong distribution networks in wine and spirits and beer. So we’re really in a position to attack anything that meets our criterion in the wine, spirits, and beer business, which is pretty simple, right? High growth and high margin are really the two things that are critical to us.
Robert Sands: The supply situation, we don't see any issue there. Obviously, part of our due diligence was making sure that we had the supply to grow the brand. So we didn’t wake up and fall off a log on that one. Obviously, we made sure that we would be able to supply the brand growth going forward.
Robert Sands: Yeah. I don’t think that that’s really a relevant sort of measure. It’s not competing in high-end spirits per se, right? It’s really a brand by brand kind of thing. We’re going to compete and out-compete the competition with the brands that we have. The whole point of sort of our selection process as we make these sort of smaller tuck-in acquisitions is to buy brands that stand on their own and have the momentum to be of a scale to contribute materially to Constellation’s growth and margins. And I am quite confident that High West will be one of those brands as are the other brands in our spirits portfolio. So just like we bought SVEDKA years ago and have grown that to be the second largest vodka in the entire United States and the number one import brand and fundamentally changed the vodka category with that brand, I think that our other spirits additions have a lot of great potential similar to that. So, I guess we don’t really think about the – how do we compete effectively in a whole category. We think about what’s the quality of the brands that we’re buying and how can they contribute to Constellation’s continued stellar growth in the top line and the bottom line.
Robert Sands: This is Rob. Look, the virtuous cycle. Our performance enables us to invest more in our businesses, in particular our wine and spirits business, which is now driving significant growth in that business and enabling us to both leverage the P&L and achieve market share growth as our focus brands are now growing at a rate that more than offsets the decline in our tail brands, which are in categories which are fundamentally not growing. So we’re over-investing. And when I say over-investing, I mean we’re investing more than we have traditionally, specifically in marketing of our wine and spirits brands. And so, what you're seeing is advertising campaigns that we've initiated to drive brands like Kim Crawford. We’ve got tests going on in various states like Taxes, for instance, to really have a consumer way type advertising program like Kim Crawford to see how that drives the brands, which by the way is driving the brand fantastically and I think that we’re proving that our investments in media advertising, on wine, on brands by Kim Crawford and – Woodbridge is another one that we really have beat up our advertising on, that these are paying back at a rapid rate, meaning a rate greater than what you traditionally see in consumer products, which is very similar to our beer brands, in particular Corona and Modelo Especial, where we see sort of the payback rates on our advertising activities at a much faster rate than what would typically be seen in consumer products. So we’re both testing what we can do through marketing and we’re increasing marketing where we know that it already works. So, hopefully, [indiscernible].
Robert Sands: Well, I think the category is performing very well. I think that we’ll continue to see sort of mid-single digit volume type growth in the category, right? And I think that we’ll see the spread between volume and sales and, therefore, premiumization in trade, I think we’ll continue to see that grow. I think we’re a real shift, whereas five years ago we were sort of talking, what they used to call, the super-premium category, which was the $8 to $12 range, is really being the hot and premium segment of the industry. We’re seeing a definitive shift up in that regard. And, now, you’re sort of seeing this $15-$25 segment really coming on strong, as well as segments above that. So this is what is driving the wrong of brands like Meiomi, which are about $20 a bottle, or even Prisoner, closer to $40 a bottle, is this premiumization trend, which we think is going to continue unabated in certainly the mid-term. So I’d say that the outlook for the category continues to be extremely positive.
Robert Sands: Yeah. Look, a bigger crop is – definitely bodes well for lower prices. Supply, especially like you mentioned Mark West for pinot can be tight, so larger crop is going to be better all the way around. Could there still be a little price – a little cost inflation associated with it? Yeah. But we’re – as typical, we just don't see cost inflation on the wine side of the business as being a big material factor in driving anything. We're expecting very normalized, pretty low cost inflation that we’ll be able to pass on one way or another. So we don't see it impacting margins. And as I said, the bigger crop is a positive thing, yes. That will even help that. So it’s a good thing.
Robert Sands: Yeah. I guess I would only add that as we have sort of gone down the IPO, right, the myriad of opportunities relative to the Canadian business are numerous. So we are in the process of evaluating all of the opportunities that are available to us and I would venture to say that we’ll have something to say about all of that in the relatively near future when, I would say, our decisioning and the opportunities crystallize. So as I said, more to come on that in the relatively near future. All very positive, though.
Robert Sands: We’ll look at other brands as they become available. We’re really kind of attacking, I'll say, whiskey from a couple of different perspectives, right? So number one, we bought High West in its entirety and, in essence, we’ll be integrating that into the Constellation wine and spirits platform, albeit we will be keeping and utilizing the resources that High West already has, which is the one of the attractive things about that particular acquisition. And then, on the Ventures side of the business, we’ve made an investment in – we’ve made an investment in another Bourbon brand, the Greenbrier company which currently has released its Belle Meade brand of American straight whiskey, right, Bourbon and will be introducing other brands as they continue to distill and age the whiskey. So that was a minority investment on the Green Brier side. We think that’s got some real attractiveness as well. So we’re able to help them out more as a minority partner and on a consultation perspective. And then on the High West side, as I side, we’ve taken full ownership of that and will be in essence integrating that into our wine and spirits platform. So we will continue to look at the category and look at it both through our Constellation Ventures lens as well as our normal sort of M&A lens.
Robert Sands: Yeah. So in terms of the brand and the proposition, we think that the brand, number one, has a great image. The proposition is all about the founders of the company going into the business before bourbon and rye had reached the level – craft bourbon and rye, in particular, reached the level of popularity that it has today. They took a view that much like the Scotch whiskey category, that sort of a combination of distilling and aging their own whiskey and then combining that with blending could create a product that was really superior, so that they did create those products. And I'll say through the expertise of master blenders that they brought in created a product that really appeals to the luxury American straight whiskey and bourbon and rye consumer and was able therefore to take advantage the whole sort of craft trend in that area. So we think it’s a relatively unique proposition and that certainly is reflecting itself in the way that the company has been able to grow the brand and we think that we’re going to be able to really take that platform and accelerate. Distribution agreements, we have no interest in whatsoever, okay? Number one, you don’t own the brand. Number two, distribution agreements are short term. Nobody is going to sign up and give you distribution rights for a life. Number three, distribution margins are small relative to the kind of margins that we at Constellation generate through our owned brand portfolio and certainly the type of margins that we’re talking about on luxury spirits. So we don't have really any interest at all in distribution, low margin, short-term distribution agreements that would utilize probably one of our most valuable assets, which is our sales and marketing organization. So we don't see distribution arrangements as an add-on for the future. As I said, way, way, way too low margin and no brand equity related there too.
Robert Sands: Yeah. Draft is going to fantastically. The bottom line there, our total draft volume increased 30%, for example, in the second quarter. It’s a significant contributor to our growth. Most of that growth was driven by Modelo Especial draft, for instance, was up almost 50% year-on-year and we're seeing these kind of positive trends across our whole draft portfolio. So draft, which was something that we almost didn’t participate in at all, and nevertheless a significant segment of the beer industry, is another area that’s – we’re sort of infantile, but will contribute significant growth to the business going forward. So we're very excited about the draft proposition. We’ve been running tests with Corona draft. Obviously, Corona Light draft is an area that is also providing growth to the company. So nothing, but up there.
Robert Sands: It’s small. And I think that it could start eventually to reflect the industry on amount. So, for us, it’s less than 5% and for the industry I think it’s closer to 15% to 20%, something like that.
Robert Sands: I would just point out just a couple of interesting statistics which we track which is, if you look at IRI and year-to-date pricing for the top 20, we call premium SKUs, the percent change – now this is excluding Constellation, the top – the percent change versus a year ago is about 1.3%, okay? And then if you looked at year-to-date pricing for our top ten SKUs in the premium category, meaning Woodbridge and above, we’re at plus 3.5%. So I think that the sort of journey that David was talking about is reflecting itself and working relatively well at the current time.
Robert Sands: Yeah. I think that there's some truth to that. We’re certainly trying to drive that trend through our category management efforts. I would say that, as a general proposition, we probably think craft is over SKU-ed and over-spaced. And imports – given the importance in the growth, high-end imports are under-SKU-ed and under-spaced. And premium domestics are way over-SKU-ed and over-spaced. That’s something that we spend a lot of time sort of thinking about, which is assortment in the high end especially, and I think we’re in a very strong position to advise our retail customer through our category management initiatives as to ways that they can improve their velocity as well as their profit per-unit space that they’re devoting to beer. So that's a big part of what we’re doing. And I think the trend that you’re alluding to is definitely occurring. And I think that that bodes really well for us in a couple of areas. Craft, even though you are going to see some shake out there, I think that what will also occur there simultaneously is that the bigger, stronger, faster growing brands like Ballast Point will and should be given more space, more SKUs sort of for the obvious reason because it's moving and it’s highly, highly profitable. And I think that you can say the same about imports because it’s going to become obvious to the retailer that that’s the best way to maximize, as I say, their velocity and profitability for the unit space that they’re devoting to the category. The trend you mentioned is occurring and it bodes extremely well for our entire beer business because we only play in craft and the high end.
Robert Sands: Yeah. I'm not sure that our price is really going up more than others. It’s going up to the extent that we’re taking pricing. We’re right in line with sort of the typical, I’d say, inflationary increase that occurs every year and we continue to look at it on a market by market basis. We’re probably under the 2% when we combine everything, sort of between 1% and 2%. I would say that that's normal just to keep up with the pace of – with cost of goods and inflation and so on and so forth. So nothing different, I would say, is occurring on the pricing front – period – industrywide from what we can see.
Robert Sands: Yeah. I guess I’d say I think it’s the opposite. I think that team certainly had some knowledge and credentials, but I don't think that they have anywhere near the level of the of sophistication and knowledge, okay, that the team that we supplanted them with has. First of all, as far as that team goes, okay, we replaced the CEO with Marty Birkel, who is the guy who ran national sales for our beer business for eight years and probably the fastest growth period in our entire beer business and, therefore, is really one of the stars in the beer business – period – and also was our sales president for our wine and spirits business as well for many years. He brings a level of knowledge and expertise in growing brands and in wholesale and distributor relations and sales execution that far exceeds what the previous management team had. And then if you look at the sales side of the business, we replaced the sales guys with the number two sales guy that was heading California already at Ballast Point. And California represented a very large proportion of the business and this is the guy that was driving that portion of the business. And then the other changes aren’t going to have any real commercial effect on the business. So I would say, if anything, we’re really excited about the changes that have been made and we think that it is going to lead to even stronger results on Ballast Point as it grows into a much larger business and needs a degree of professionalism that I don’t think that the old management team could bring. And then as it relates to the products itself, we have the same production team, the same expertise in the making, what really is, the highest quality and most award-winning craft beer brand of any size in the country. And they're just – they’re going about their business and doing what they've done in the past and they are probably doing it better than they’ve ever done it before. So there's a lot of really exciting stuff. And then sort of culturally, everybody is acutely aware of the type of culture that needs to be maintained in sort of that fast-moving, craft type business where it’s important to continue to proliferate new products and new types that the consumer is really interested in, that particular craft consumer. So I don't think that we’re going to see anything lost there. We’re very optimistic and very pleased with the changes that we’ve made.
Robert Sands: All right. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining our call today. And as we close out the discussion of our second quarter results, I want to reiterate that I am extremely pleased with our performance and our accomplishments for the first half of the year. [indiscernible] our new guidance reflects the confidence that we have in our ability to execute in the second half. Now, we look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming New York City Investor Meeting scheduled for November 9. At that time, we plan to outline Constellation’s strategic business initiatives and outlook for the future. So thanks again and have a great rest of your day.
David Klein: So I'll start with the second question first, so in terms of 20 million hectoliters at Nava, we’re producing 20 million hectoliters both from a brewing perspective and a packaging perspective. And, in fact, we’re on our way to our next milestone of 25 million hectoliters. So I would say that the Nava expansion work is on track. We revised our capital spend primarily based upon outflows related to Nava for this fiscal year. That’s just simply a timing thing as we manage our way through the build-out process and manage our cash flow. So then on the wine and spirits SG&A number, it really is just incremental spend in investment areas within our wine and spirits business, like marketing, innovation and having the right talent on board for our wine business.
David Klein: I would also want to point you, Mark, to – we still believe in, and it’s implied in our guidance, that we’re going to get leverage from net sales to EBIT in our wine and spirits business, despite a spending increase.
David Klein: No, I think as is always with tax planning, I'm sure anything I say will be wrong, but I would suspect that the way we have our initiatives planned over the rest of the year, you can expect it will be roughly flat to bring you around to that – between the quarters to bring you to that 29% guidance.
David Klein: Yes. So as we said, the real change in our guidance was driven by a move in the peso and slower ramp-up of the depreciation charge into the business. Right? So that explains why we slid our guidance up a little bit. So that's the first bit. I would say, in the second half, we really would expect that gross margins would be flattish to the first half. We would expect that our marketing spend, which we say is between the 8.5% to 9% of net sales, that will be flattish in the second half. However, a big chunk of that will be spent in Q3 versus in Q4. So there’ll be a little bit of volatility in that. And then when you get to the remainder of SG&A, if you think about as SG&A in a growing business, you start out and say, well, if you’re not going to grow it at all, it’s going to be straight line throughout the year. And in our business, SG&A is actually growing a little bit because the business is growing. And it's really that SG&A drag, which you’re going to see affecting the beer margins in the second half.
David Klein: Yeah. When we get into the second half, you start to have more depreciation come on line. You get a little bit more noise on line commissioning. You have less throughput at the plant. So there are a lot of puts and takes, I would say, in the second half. But as I said, I would still expect that our gross margins in beer will remain somewhat consistent. And then, our wine – for the most part, our wine expansion in the US has been driven by mix, and mix in the form of non-organic such as Meiomi and the Prisoner, but also mix within our base portfolio has improved as well or our organic portfolio has improved as well. In addition to that, we have had some benefits from freight savings in the US on wine. But I would say that we would expect wine margin trends to remain somewhat consistent in the second half, although as I called out in my script we can expect that since over the course of the year shipments will roughly equal depletions that will have a slowdown in the shipments line in the second half, even though consumer pull continues to be very strong and depletions will continue to be healthy.
David Klein: So I'll start out and then Rob can add some color. So where we are from an internal standpoint is we’re still evaluating the IPO route and I would say that in the last quarter we finished our carve-out statements, which I will admit took longer than we had expected when we first started the process. And then beyond that, I would say that as we do with every decision the company has to make, we consider all of our alternatives, but as of this moment we’re still doing the work to prepare for an IPO.
David Klein: So we’re beginning – we’re maybe three years into a pricing journey in our wine business where we’re trying to apply the same sort of pricing discipline that we apply to our beer business on a year-in and year-out basis. And I would say that, so far, wins have really been at the low end of the portfolio and at the luxury end of the portfolio. But we do believe that over time that we will continue to get pricing opportunities across the portfolio, right? So this will be the third year we’ve taken price in various brands in our wine portfolio and this will be the year where we have the biggest effect of those price increases. But I would say that we’re just beginning that journey. I would also say that we’re – you’re also seeing some ability to take price in certain segments of the wine category that haven’t taken price in the past. So we remain cautiously optimistic, but we need to get some wins behind us before we want to talk about that much more.
David Klein: So we continue to see can grow. So as a percentage of Corona extra sales, they’re still around 6%. But we saw – from a depletion standpoint, we saw high teens growth in cans for depletions in the quarter. So we continue to see increasing consumer uptake of the brand. And I would say that from an ACV perspective, our cans are not distributed anywhere near the level of kind of the total 80 ACV that brand Corona as distributed out. So we think there’s still a lot more runway for that.
David Klein: So as we indicated earlier, I just want to reiterate, we are on track with all of our buildout activity. I would say that it just – we have a multi-billion-dollar activity going on in Mexico and it's really difficult to forecast to get the actual dollar amounts of cash payments nailed down to a specific quarter. So I think we’re seeing a little bit of that going on. And so, anything that slips out of this year we can expect will end up coming through our cash flow statement in FY 2018. And in terms of depreciation and amortization, in my comments earlier, I said that we would be at $125 million of depreciation and amortization for the beer business. That will, just by definition, that growth from about $65 million last year to $125 million this year, that will be somewhat back-end loaded, just given the fact that we’re behind a little bit on a year-to-date basis.
David Klein: The other thing, I think, to keep in mind now is that, as I also indicated, we would expect that our margins – our gross margins in beer will remain roughly flat first half to second half. So there are just a whole bunch of moving pieces there, depreciation just being one of them.
David Klein: Yeah. So this is something that we spend a fair amount of time on and I would say that our team is outstanding at understanding the returns they’re getting from their marketing investments. And we continue to see payback from our investment in Model Especial. Let me give you an example. When we were talking about our thoughts for the second quarter at the end of the first quarter, we actually thought that we would see a spike in marketing spend in Q2. We did spend more in marketing. But as a percentage of sales, it ended up being in line with our projections simply because we got a significant short-term payback from that investment. So we continue to monitor that on an ongoing basis and that’s our work on the beer side. And as Rob talked about the marketing investment on the wine piece of our business, we’re bringing that same rigor to marketing spend in wine.
David Klein: So, first of all, on distribution, the brand is in 43 states, plus D.C., and we continue to plan to expand that for the remainder of the year. And as it relates to what sort of runway we have on distribution, it’s a brand that has an ACV of, say, in the low 20s versus some other major crafts that are more in the mid – low to mid 60s, right? So we think that there's a lot of opportunity on the distribution front. And I would say, as it relates to just overall velocity, I think we have a little bit of an effect as we grow points of distribution that we’re driving down our own brand’s velocity. But we continue to be pleased with the brand, as Rob mentioned. We’ve got depletions that are up 40% on a year-to-date basis. We have – we’re very pleased with where we are from a profitability standpoint, as we continue to get leverage in the production environment at Ballast Point. So we’re just generally very happy with where we are with Ballast Point.
