David Klein: Bryan, we’re still in the process of finalizing our - all of our spend plans for next year, but we do expect it to be consistent with the range that we’ve done in this fiscal year, so somewhere in that 9% to 10% range.
David Klein: Yes. And I would add to that Kaumil that in our algorithm, we say that we’re going to grow net sales in our beer business high-single digits over the next few years, and 25% of that growth is really made up of innovation, and clearly that includes Premier and the new Corona seltzer that we’re talking about. The other thing I just want to point out to as it relates to our overall growth in the business, we called out the last sell day in Q2, which really drives our depletion growth to that 7.5% range. That has us continuing to grow significant share in the beer business, and a big driver of that is the innovation work within the beer business.
David Klein: Yes. So Bill, look, we continue to support the brands, but when distributors understand that Brands won’t be in their house, as you said, it’s difficult to get them to continue to drive the brands the way we would like them to. In general, to switch back to our portfolio, we have called out full year depletions for our power brands of mid-single digits. Year-to-date, we’re below that, but we remain confident that we’ll get to that number over the course of the year as a result of the more disciplined execution strategy that Bill talked about in his comments.
David Klein: Yes. So, Nik, we remain confident that the Gallo transaction will get done. We need to work our way through the process to see kind of the final form that it takes. As I called out in my script, and you’ll see in the Q, we will recognize in the third quarter of $300 million loss on part of the dispositions that right and what I mean by that is we have a set of brands including the Gallo brands that we listed out and the Black Velvet brand that we’ve also talked about that. We’re disposing of as a result of the wine transformation that we’re going through, and we’re pretty confident that when we’re done with all of the work that’s required around that portfolio that we’re dealing with that, we’ll end up with neither a loss nor a gain will end up with about a push in that regard. And then, we’ll have our business really well positioned to focus on the high end of the industry and a portfolio that can grow mid-single digits and deliver 30% operating margins.
Bill Newlands: Certainly, the Premier introduction has been everything we expected. It’s appeal to a new consumer sub-segment, which is those individuals who are looking for a low-carb offering. And as we noted, we continue to see acceleration, particularly in the on-premise during this quarter. So, we’re very pleased with that. We’ve seen the addition of the bottle format for Familiar, the smaller bottle format has been very good for us as well. As David noted, we overlapped all of those early introductions during this quarter, which I think shows the strength of our overall beer business with our depletion growth on a days adjusted basis of roughly 7.5%. It’s pretty powerful given the lapping that we had from last year of those two introductions. You then add Refresca, which has exceeded our expectations as well. As I noted in my script, the velocity of that is better than one of our key competitors in the FMB space, [indiscernible] and we expect strong things from that in the future as well. It shows that the strength of the Corona franchise and its refreshment DNA that we are able to extend that brand into other sub-categories.
Bill Newlands: Sure. I think that’s an evolving answer. I think, everyone has been somewhat surprised by the aggressive growth that we’ve seen in the seltzer business, particularly over the course of this selling season. What I would say is this. I think Corona brings a unique refreshment profile to this particular category. We would expect to gain a significant amount of share in the high-end as we have with anything else that we introduce amongst our franchises relative to the product. I would look very carefully at what we said. This is a zero carb, zero sugar product. I don’t think you will find that with any of the other products that have been introduced into the market. And I’d add one more point. We said on our prior quarter discussions that we would not be entering this category unless we felt we could do it with a superior product with superior margin and profitability structure. I can assure you that this will be a superior product with superior margin and profitability structure versus other competitors in the marketplace.
Bill Newlands: Yes. So, Andrea, thank you for that question, because we normally operate with a 200 to 300 basis point disconnect between depletions – our depletions and IRI. Meaning, our depletions run lower than IRI. When you adjust for the sell day and remember that the market data, the IRI data is just 12 rolling weeks. We are back within that 200 to 300 basis point delta, right. So there is not really a disconnect. It’s any more unusual than we normally experienced. So then when you look at individual channel, when we look at the on-premise in aggregate, we continue to grow share in the on-premise being up, we were up in the quarter low single-digits. I think the industry was down low-single digits or somewhere in that area. So, we continue to perform well across all channels for our beer business.
Bill Newlands: Yes. So, I think, to take the first question, we expect all up all into be over time when we’re fully yet scale production in seltzer that we will deliver kind of a similar margin case to the one that we have for the rest of our beer business. And we without really commenting on September depletions, we expect our depletions as I said in my comments to continue to accelerate as we go through the year and we’re past to the launch of last year of Corona Premier and Corona Familiar.
Bill Newlands: Sure. Well, I’m glad you liked it, will add you to our consumer panel next time, Robert. So, we like it as well. Here’s what I would say. We expect that this to be heavily accretive to our overall beer franchise. Obviously the growth that we’ve all seen in seltzers had some impact on our franchise and many other beer franchises during the summer months. But if – I will take you back to what we have done most recently, which is Premier and Familiar, both of which had more than 50% accretion to our overall brand portfolio, with Premier being closer to 75%. So, we would certainly expect that this is going to be very additive to our overall portfolio for the Corona brand franchise going forward, and a big factor is going to be just what you said. These are delicious tasting products.
Bill Newlands: Sure. We obviously are increasing our support for Corona Extra for the remainder of this fiscal year. And you are correct. Year-to-date, Corona Extra itself is roughly flattish. And there are some obvious interaction between Modelo, which is, as I noted on fire, and Corona. So we would expect a little bit of that movement within our own franchise, but overall the Corona brand family continues to grow. And a lot of that growth remains in things like Premier Refresca with continued strong performance with Corona Extra, given there is a lot of other family members now than there was not so long ago. Pacifico as I noted on the call was up double-digits in depletions during the quarter and we continue to be happy with the acceleration in that area. I realize, Robert – going back to Robert for just a second, I apologize I did not answer your second question about automation. We have an approach that we think is ready to go to create efficiencies within how you pack for a variety pack, which is I am sure the real answer to your question – the real question that you have in your mind. So, we are set up to do that within our current operation structure.
Bill Newlands: Sure. We are still developing some of those answers. As you can imagine, we’re still in the early stage. One of the things that we have noted is that the Hispanic demographic had been generally less aggressive in their adoption of FMBs, but because of their strong affiliation with the Corona franchise, we have noted a strong uptick with our strong demographic base the Hispanic community around Refresca. However, we are also seeing, as you can imagine, this product is largely shelved and largely placed in the cold box in a different place and competes much more with the FMB categories rather than competing with our core Corona offerings. So, we’re very pleased that we’re broadening our audience and broadening our appeal to new use occasions with Refresca and are very bullish on the future for that sub-brand as well.
Bill Newlands: You bet. As you can imagine, we tested that question very, very deeply. The whole essence in the whole DNA of Corona is all around refreshment. I mean, when you discuss that across any of the sub-brands, that’s the first thing that comes back in the consumers’ mind is, this is a refreshing beer. It’s a refreshing product no matter in which category falls – fall it fall similarly as a response to Refresca. One of the key elements that the consumer is looking for in seltzer is refreshment. Therefore, the match with that DNA is perfect, to go along with Corona’s core DNA and why we felt that if we were going to enter this category, we would do it with a brand that had deep trust with the consumer. As we noted earlier, it is the number one trusted brand with Hispanics and non-Hispanics 21 to 54. Therefore, we believe this will be a very strong entry in the seltzer space.
Bill Newlands: We have focused our attention on continuing to deliver results against the entire business. There is no question that the transition that is occurring has been distracting to our distributors and to our internal population. With that said, we continue to remain excited by the power brand results of up 6% in IRI during the most recent quarter, and SVEDKA falls into the exact same number 6% growth during the most recent quarter as well. So, we remain very bullish that as we get this transaction completed that what will remain will be high-margin, high growth potential businesses and franchises and brands that are going to be a very strong consumer products play for a long time to come.
Bill Newlands: Well, thank you, everyone. I appreciate your joining the call. And let me say, as we close out the discussion of our quarterly results, David and I are both pleased with the strong start to the first half of this year and we remain very bullish on the future performance of our powerful collection of consumer connected brands. Our next quarterly call is scheduled for early January. Please be sure to have a safe and happy holiday season and remember to enjoy some of our great products during your celebrations with family and friends. Thanks again for coming on the call and have a great day.
