Rob Sands: Yes, so I would say that our M&A strategy remains the same and I would refer you back to our capital allocation strategy in general, which continues to focus on keeping our debt levels sort of in that 3.5 range, returning moneys to shareholders in the form of share repurchases, dividends and dividend increases. And selective M&A mostly or I should say almost entirely of tuck-in type brands more of the Meiomi kind of nature. So, we just made one Schrader, which I mentioned. So we are going to continue pretty much along that path, we’ll look for brands across actually beer, wine and spirits that we think fills niches that we don't have, that we think are highly synergistic with the platforms that we have across those three segments. I would say really nothing at all has changed and I don't expect anything different than what we've been doing.
Rob Sands: Sure. Now, we've said no two part question, but for your benefit I'll combine that into one answer, okay. First of all what -- because I think it is really one answer. Broadly what's going on in beer alright is you see beer as a generally flat to slightly down market. We believe that the whole beer market in general is fairly tied to the growth or lack thereof and LDAs, legal drinking age, people of 21, that’s flattish and therefore we see beer as flat. However, within beer there is a significant shift going on away from the domestic premiums, the Bud Light, the Coors Light, Miller Light towards the high-end and that's a pretty stark shift that's going on. The beneficiaries in the high-end are largely our portfolio and craft, which continues to be a fairly robust category and continues to grow. And then our business, which is about the same size as craft, the whole craft segment and of course our business remains the most robust portion of the wine business. So, you see the domestic premiums in decline and then you see our portfolio craft and some SMBs like Mike’s taking that all up. And as you’ve seen or read in our previous conferences, we’ve pretty much shown the actual analytics behind how we think that that's going to play out in the future with the domestic dropping quite a bit and our portfolio picking up a lot of that. And of course you see it in IRI where we picked up - Constellation constituted 60% of the growth in the beer market. So, what we've said is going to happen in the past is in fact happening. I think that fundamentally answers your question.
Rob Sands: Yes, so I didn’t answer the national rollout for Corona Premier and Familiar, both I would say are actually exceeding our expectations in test market. We haven’t made a decision on an actual date for national rollout, but I would expect that decision to come fairly soon and I would say that it's likely to be a favorable decision on national rollout. So, that's about as much as we can say at the moment but…
Rob Sands: No, not at all. There’s always a few Mexican brands that are being introduced by various parties whether it’s Molson Coors or ABI, I mean, that’s not going to change. And what I’ve emphasized about that is that the large part of the growth in the beer business is in our portfolio a lot of people talked about it as it imports or in Mexican while it’s really Constellation’s imports in Mexican portfolio. So these other entrants don’t really concern us very much. And sales been around forever and might sell I don’t know a 200,000 cases in the entire United States. So I don’t see this particularly important. Now Pacifico you asked about that, Pacifico is just also on fire, without are frankly doing too much to drive it and we’re ramping up on our plants to drive Pacifico and we sort of see this perhaps the next big thing right behind Modelo Especial, I mean, we have a lot of sort of anecdotal evidence as far as some market research that indicates the consumer acceptance of the product is wildly overwhelming. Historically we didn’t drive it because we didn’t have the capacity to do anything more than what we’re doing we now have the capacity it’s coming on stream and Pacifico is definitely the next logical thing that really drive behind Corona and Modelo Especial. So we’re I’d say extremely optimistic about that. In addition to our NPD, Premier I think has a huge amount of promise and Familiar is like a phenomena already. So we’re excited about all three things.
Rob Sands: In the company we have very few skews is a general preposition, but I don’t know the answer exactly to your question, how many skews of Corona do we have versus Modelo Especial, we will get back to you on that. Patty will give you.
Rob Sands: Yes, I mean I think that it remains fundamentally as I said, which is I think the real opportunity is brands and tuck-in deals and that’s something that we can keep doing and do it and meet our financial disciplines which is important part of that, I mean, we buy brands like Meiomi or other brands we can tuck it into our existing infrastructure. These things are growing very high double-digits and we are buying them at reasonable multiples, which post synergies are multiples that generate actually a high return. So I’d say fundamentally that strategy versus buying something really big is a good strategy from a financial perspective and from the perspective of positioning our portfolios across wine, beer and spirits for continued growth, which -- growth and margins, which is -- that’s really the strategy, right. Is to keep driving this kind of growth and these kind of margins and the kind of leverage that we’re seeing in our P&L by at least as it relates to M&A now there is other elements of it like NPD, things like term premier and familiar, but as it relates to the M&A we can keep sort of adding on a very financially viable basis these kind of brands. Now, as far as anything big goes, there is two issues there, one is there is nothing for sale and two, there is very little that would be of any interest even if it was for sell fundamentally for three reasons, right. There is financial element of it will it generate kind of return that we wanted to generate, And then number two, we go back to sales, growth and margins there is very few big things that when potentially be somewhat dilutive to our sales growth and to our margins. So we would tread pretty carefully on anything like that. So yes in the end we’re talking about big things you can count it on a half a hand right, there not much in the business.
Rob Sands: Yes so I’ll let David answer a part of this question, but my comment about Obregon and Mexicali was just really more of the same in other words the guidance that we’ve given thus far on our CapEx as it relates to Mexicali and Obregon hasn’t changed.  And we basically told you about that when we acquired Obregon we basically said that we were going to cut Mexicali the initial first stage of it back to $5 million hectoliters because we didn’t need to go to full $10 million hectoliters on Mexicali given that we bought almost that amount in Obregon and we’ll have that amount as we make some small modifications to Obregon. So there’s really no difference put it this way between what we said previously at the end of the year and what we’re saying now we’re just in essence repeating ourselves. And then as to your point on EPS and cash flow I’ll let David talk about that.
Rob Sands: Yes I think it’s fairly simple and that is that our shelf space relative our market share greatly under indexes. I mean, I can’t even tell you what that number is, but we have a much smaller percentage of the shelf in the store than we have in the market share and the proposition is simple, okay. Increase our shelf space and you’ll sell more of our beer and it’s not just shelf space it’s cold box space as well versus giving that space to declining low margin product. So you get two choices, right, you can give the space to us and sell more of a high margin item or give the space to somebody else and watch your sales and velocity and your margins decline. So, as I go around and talk to retailers, they get that, okay. And I can tell you right now, retailers need to do a significant rethinking of their assortment in beer. Fundamentally their beer assortments make no sense anymore for them. On the assumption that their goal is to improve their sales and margin as a business, okay. It makes no sense; they have 20% of the store allocated to 5 billion craft that nobody has ever heard of. And then to have the vast majority of the rest of the store allocated to low margin declining brands and then a smaller amount of the store allocated to fast moving high margin, high end brands it just doesn’t make any sense. And so, I think you'll see a change in that and we're certainly driving as the high-end leader in beer. We hopefully will be driving that change because I think it’s a change that has to happen sooner or later and that's going to dictate probably as that change occurs, you’ll actually see these trends in beer they’ll actually accelerate, which is part of the reason why it doesn’t occur. Because those who are hanging on are trying desperately to hang on to everything that they've got to mitigate precisely that scenario. And for us it's just a gigantic opportunity because we're punching under our weight. So we have the opportunity to not only generate the kind of performance that we've been generating, but enhance that performance if we could start -- if we could get retailers to understand and act, they understand it, it’s getting them to act on it. So -- and we're having some success in that regard and we expect to have more success in the future. And I think you'll see retailers start rethinking their assortment in beer to take advantage of the high-end and Constellation opportunity in particular.
Rob Sands: Yes, I would say fundamentally organic growth it's hard -- that's an interesting number that's hard to get at. But I think that you can fundamentally look at IRI as the best measure of our organic growth, which I think that the markets growing sort of low single-digit right now call it in that 3% type range with 200 basis points of price mix and we expect to grow in line with that organically and fundamentally with some quarter-to-quarter type fluctuations. But I think we feel fairly confident that that's what the years going to end up looking like in general. And our ships and our depletes will equal each other by year-end. And as I said, I think that you will see sort of a conversions between ships, depletes and IRI in our wine business. That sort of how things are shaping up, which is good. I mean, I think a strong performance, especially given the profitability of that business and the fact that we can then leverage we think that we’ll be able to leverage that as we’ve guided to generate higher even higher bottom-line return. So it’s very, very strong business in many respects. I always like to say that it’s only in contrast to the beer business that these questions even get raised, I mean, as a standalone business generating 30% margins sort of almost mid-single-digit sales growth, leveraging the P&L, if you weren’t looking at it in contrast to our beer business you would be running around saying, this is one of the best businesses that there is. So, even looking at ROIC, which nobody even talks about anymore, I don’t know why, but our ROIC in wine is up in the double-digits. And then if you look at the accretion of ROIC it’s like high-teens low 20s, 20% return on invested capital for any incremental growth that we have in our wine business. So by almost any standard that you can imagine it’s a tremendous business, nothing looks like it expect for other alcoholic beverage companies and too many of them in tobacco. I mean, that’s about it and tobacco to tobacco. Then it’s all downhill from there. So it’s at the pinnacle of performance pretty much, other than our beer business and a couple of other perhaps.
Rob Sands: Yes, I think that Premier looks very strong. We are looking at things like velocities per point of distribution, which appear to be very strong. Cannibalization is not something we’re overly concern with because there is really no margins disadvantage. And so as long as one plus one equals three, we are okay with that, now we don’t want cannibalization of something that’s good with something that’s not going to be sustainable. So the big key is just making sure that we believe that from a consumer acceptance point of view that Premier represents a sustainable and growing preposition, which right now I would say our preliminary read on that is that it’s looking pretty good in terms of the contributions that it can make, its sustainability, it's positioning in the marketplace. I mean, well needless to say what are the hardest brands in beer, right of any size. The hardest brands in beer they size are basically Corona, Modelo Especial and Mic Ultra, okay. Premier is a more upscale, more premium competitor to Mic Ultra with the power and this is probably a very important point, right. Because anybody can make a beer with that the calorie and the carb characteristics of Mic Ultra. But with the power of an elite brand behind it with all of the consumer acceptance and recognition that goes with it. So it’s definitely a segment of the market that I think is hot, it’s here to stay, it’s what been driving Mic Ultra, I think it’s going to drive Corona Premier as well, because it's got the characteristic. The liquid in the bottle is great, obviously we test all that and we test it against competitors and we test it with consumers who drink that kind of beer, okay. And we have extremely positive results on that. So, I think it’s looking very good and it’s a point to remember that, right. It’s consumers, the Premier is started the consumers who drink that kind of beer and are looking for precisely that profile of product. So if are a IITA drinker yes, of course you are not drinking Mic Ultra and you’re not going to drink Premier. On the other hand, if you are Mic Ultra drinker I think Premier makes a -- is a nice alternative to that in every respect.
Rob Sands: So, thank you very much everybody for joining today’s call. I want to reiterate how very pleased we are with the fantastic execution that drove our excellent first quarter results, and my kudos to our people, our distributors, our retailers who continue to be part of the virtual cycle that drive those results. We are very optimistic about our future business opportunities which gives us the confidence to raise our full year EPS guidance. And as we head into the July 4th holiday weekend, I hope you remember to drink some of our fine wine products, as well as beer products and spirits products to your celebrations and to please enjoy them responsibly. So thank you and everyone should have a great 4th of July weekend.
David Klein: Yes, so the first thing I want to say is that the operations teams at Nava and at Obregon performed exceptionally well in the first quarter while the plants were operating at high utilization levels. And I would say that a portion of our rational really for increasing our EBIT growth rate for beer was really we have been pleased by the lack of transition friction at Obregon that we have perhaps expected going into the year. So now for the remainder of the year I would -- Judy I think the biggest headwind that we see is really coming from FX in the business. In Q1 on a year-over-year basis in Q1 we actually had a bit of tailwind from FX. But we know that right now the peso is sitting below 18 pesos to the dollar. And we disclosed in the beginning of the year that our guidance was based around 20 pesos to the dollar that presents a pretty significant headwind for us.  Beyond that we also mentioned depreciation that’s quantifiable right, because we have already said that our depreciation is expected to up about $60 million on the year. And then we have as we get -- as we move through the year we’re bringing in more -- as we bring more equipment online we are bringing in about 300 additional heads, which will put a bit of a drag on our business. At the same time the utilization starts to fall up in the plants, right, because remember we run them at high utilization throughout Q1 and Q2 and then it drops off a little bit at the back half for the year. And then I know I say this every single time we talk about margins, but you just have to continue expect volatility in our margins as we try to optimize the lines and brew [trends] [ph] that we bring into service over the course of the year.  So, we are really happy to have achieved 40% operating margins in Q1 and I guess I will say Judy you kind of called that before anybody else, but we do have to be careful because there are some significant and real headwinds for the rest of the year.
David Klein: Yes, I think Andrea the real disconnect in Q1 really was because of the strength of our depletions coming out of Cinco and then going into the Memorial Day Holiday and it’s just the timing issue in terms of getting our shipments to align. Not necessarily on a growth rate basis but on a case rate basis we expect shipments and depletions in beer to align over the course of the year there’ll just be fluctuations between the quarters.
David Klein: Well so about half of our currency exposure for the remainder of the year is hedged, it’s hedged at a very -- at various different levels, but it’s in included the hedges that we have is included in our outlook. We value the contracts at the same time we are valuing the remaining exposures.
David Klein: Well so first Mark the thing that I think is becoming or should be becoming more and more obvious is that while there is a lot of focus on the beer business our wine and spirits business is a very powerful business with margins that are approaching 30 and we’ve stated publicly that our goal is to get them to 30. So what’s tempering our expectations for the remainder of the year are really two things, one is we got about 200 basis points of year-over-year improvement in wine margins as a result of the sale of the Canadian business.  For the full year that 200 basis points is more like 100 right because we sold the wine business before the end of last -- well before the end of last fiscal year. So there’s 100 basis points of that benefit that goes away over the course of the remainder of the year. And the second thing is you might recall that our promotions expense is accrued based upon depletions not shipments. So we got some benefit in the quarter because of the difference between our shipments number and our depletions number. So we’re very optimistic about wine margins and our guidance for the year assumes that there is wine margin leverage. And so we remained committed to that, we’re just remaining cautious because of the two items I mentioned. 
David Klein: I would say that we’re on track to achieve our guidance for the year. As Rob called out in his script, we had some planned promotion timing differences that affected our depletions in the first quarter, now clearly we never want negative depletions, but we remained confident in our full year guidance.
David Klein: Last year we bought $1.2 billion of our own stock back at $151 a share. So we still think we’re the best buy in alcohol.
David Klein: Yes, so Robert I think on total cash flow guidance the largest lever as you’re pointing out is our capital expenditures. And I would just say that one quarter into the year it’s too early to call any changes there. But we clearly carefully manage our working capital and our CapEx spend to optimize those numbers.
David Klein: Yes so, so actually Rob in his script talked about say Modelo Especial approaching 20% depletion growth. Corona Extra was in that 6% range and Corona Light was a little bit less than that. So all of the brands are performing quite well, and Rob maybe you want to take the Premier question. 
