Garth Hankinson: No, I will just say on the depletions for the quarter, depletion growth will absolutely outpace shipment growth in the quarter. But on an absolute basis, the shipments will outpace depletions which helps us get into a better position from an inventory perspective. 
Garth Hankinson: Thanks, Bonnie. I mean look let me try to give you the walk on margins right and you noticed -- as you noted, we've got some headwinds and we've got some tailwinds, right. And so just on the tailwinds, obviously, we said in my opening remarks we've got a bit of a benefit on depreciation just starting later than expected in the year and so that's a net positive. As Bill just articulated, we're taking more -- we're taking increased pricing across more skews than we had originally planned, so we'll be above our range there. So that's a net positive. We also have a mix benefit of Seltzers and again a net positive there and then the increase in core beer outlook is a net positive. So, those are all the headwinds. But we still have -- those are all the tailwinds. But we still have the headwinds that we've been talking about all year long, right. So, even though depreciation is coming in less than expected, we still have an uptick in depreciation in the second half of the year. We still are facing increase in commodity prices, including aluminum, diesel, natural gas, wood those will continue in the second half of the year. Now we think that the guidance we provided takes into account all of those cost increases, so we feel we have those covered. But again, I mean, we just continue to have these puts and takes and we feel confident that in the margin outlook that we provided. Keep in mind too that even though we're going to have a mix benefit from Seltzers, we still are going to sell Seltzers and those are margin dilutive as we've noted previously. 
Garth Hankinson: Yes, yes, thanks for the question. So on the capacity piece first, right as we announced last spring, we were investing in 5 million hectoliters worth of ABA capacity that is moving forward as planned and should come online earlier in our fiscal year 2023. That's still an important initiative for us because it's built outlined in his prepared remarks. Well the Seltzer category has slowed the ABA segment within beer continues to be a dynamic and meaningful part of the high end and it's one that we need to need to compete in. And by having dedicated ABA capacity that frees up capacity for our core Mexican beer portfolio. So that goes on as planned. And then furthermore on the investment that you referenced in the first part your comment and your question, we did indicate that we going to spend $60 million this fiscal year behind Corona Hard Seltzer. Most of that spend was slated to be spent in the first half of the year. So that has been spent and that, which wasn't spent is being redirected to invest behind our core Mexican beer portfolio. 
Garth Hankinson: Yeah. On the wine margins, certainly the target margin for wine is still 30%. As we've said all along that it was going to take us about two years post divestiture of the low end for us to be able to achieve that 30% operating margin. So, by the time we get to the end of our fiscal 2023 wine should be in that zip code. Obviously the progress on that is underway. We're making some good progress as we've said before in order to get there. There's a number of initiatives that that we have to make progress on, that's pricing mix footprint optimization, making smart design to value choices. And like I said, we're making good progress and we're confident that we can get that 30% by the end of 2023.
Garth Hankinson: Sure. Relative to the category, our view of it is this, we still think that the overall ABA space is going to be a growth category. Whether or not the Seltzer sub segment of the beer category is -- how much of that is going to be driven by the Seltzer sub segment remains to be seen. Quite frankly, clearly it is going to be a lot less than what everyone anticipated coming into this year. But again, for us, it's a relatively small percentage of our overall play. So, we are not entirely reliant on success in the Seltzer category. In fact, we expect to achieve our algorithm through our core beer business.  Relative to the question of will this put a damper on our growth in the beer business, if Seltzer is challenging, not really. I mean the fact that we are able to raise our guidance is largely driven by the fact that we're able to make more beer. And we're able to make more beer because we're making a little less Seltzer and that is margin accretive and it's a very high growth category. So I realize there is a bad side and good side to that answer. But the reality is, it's not inconsistent with what we've always seen, which is our core business portfolio of beer from Mexico continues to radically outperform the industry and we continue to be the leader in the high end and the high end growth. So, is it going to be any different going forward? I think it's a little bit remains to be seen. We're going to have a little bit more of a watch and see efforts than we had before. I think everyone got a little bit excited about Seltzer. And frankly, the category has slowed significantly. So I think we will probably do a much better job of being guarded in terms of our expectation around that while continuing to leverage our outstanding portfolio of core beer brands. 
William Newlands: Yes, keep in mind, as we've said, we have our inventory levels at our distributors below what we would like to see and what they would like to see on an ongoing basis. So we would be expecting to fill some of that as we get our inventory levels back to normal position by the end of the fiscal year. 
William Newlands: Sure. So relative to your first quick point there won't be radical change in the core formulation of our Seltzer layout. Relative to Modelo and Corona, obviously, there's interaction between those two brands as you would expect. However, as we've said before, Nik, and I'm sure you're quite familiar our household penetration on Modelo is still significantly below where Corona is to say nothing of it is below other brands that it competes against. So while it is a true statement that as Modelo grows or as Corona grows it does eat into some of our brands, we still see it as largely positive as we see that growth profile. And as we have talked before, Modelo, it continues to grow velocity, there's a lot -- still a lot of runway to expand distribution. Household penetration which I touched on just a second ago, remains a massive opportunity for that. And we only started advertising to the non-Hispanic community about three and half years ago. So, we're really just getting started on Modelo and the opportunity that presents itself there. So, well you continue to see some interaction and clearly, I think, the idea of separating those at retail to some degree has some opportunity. I think overall, we're still focused on expanding our presence of both of those brands. As you probably saw Corona Extra had a very good quarter. And it just shows the ongoing strength of the core Corona franchise in addition to exceptional performance by Modelo. 
William Newlands: Sure. So probably 50% give or take of the growth profile that we saw in Corona Extra is the reopening of the on premise. As we said in prior calls, we were down as low as 3% of our business a few quarters ago during the sort of the peak of the initial COVID pandemic issue. That's now up to 11% and clearly with the Corona being one of the most loved brands that exist in the category, the increase that you would expect to see an on premise has been important. But don't underestimate, Corona actually has done very well at retail as well. Relative to Pacifico, we continue to feel like Pacifico is another great opportunity. It's like a baby Modelo. It's developing in a very similar way to what Modelo did say 20 years ago with extensive growth profile on the West Coast and it is starting to filter East. As you know, we're investing more against Pacifico than we have historically. We have a little bit of challenge in this quarter with Brown Glass, which had some impact on Pacifico during the quarter as it did with Modelo Negra as well. But those are ongoing supply chain challenges that we're working our way through. It does nothing, nothing to slow down what we expect to be another superb brand for us as time goes forward in Pacifico. 
William Newlands: The only other thing I'd add to that on the last part of your question was about whether or not it causes any delay in what we would do to invest in the Southeast. As I said, we're continuing to work with the Mexican government. We feel the Southeast is highly likely to be where we put our next brewery position. And as we said, because of robust demand we're going to continue to invest to support our business. So, we would not expect to see any radical change of what our timeframe is all about. Demand has been higher than expected. We need to create some redundancy in our system as we've noted on prior calls and our brewer in the Southeast will be an integral part of that strategy. 
William Newlands: Sure. We saw a lot of variation in on premise and at the risk of saying yes, no, yes, no, and yes no it is largely depended on where you were geographically and what was going on in particular markets. So, while we would sit here and say, State X is coming up and we're seeing more on premise if you saw a wave of COVID challenges and in another market, you saw stuff go the other way. So what that basically I think there was an over overarching answer to that question, it was really on a localized basis that you saw many of the movements within the quarter. Again, in the aggregate, on premise was better than it was in the prior year and it continues to be increasing as a percentage of our business but it's still not quite where it was before the pandemic. So, hopefully that helps. It's very hard to give a real aggregate of the thing because it's really made up of a lot of individual answers rather than something being an overarching trend across the marketplace.  I think relative to your question about across category, I think the overarching thing that you see there is the premiumization trends continue, whether you think about it in ready to drinks or ABA’s, you continue to see people premiumizing, you see it in the wine business where the higher end of the wine business continues to outperform the mainstream sector of the business and you continue to see that in spirit. So, I think that is an over overarching trend, that you see. You also see what we found for many years now, which is consumers are more interested in having and array of beverages depending on the exact occasion in which they are consuming product and are less likely than they used to be to consume only one type of product at any anyone occasion than what was perhaps the case historically. So hope that helps. 
William Newlands: I think you got to keep in mind relative to the higher end of the wine business, you're also seeing some what I'll call channel evolution and things like three tier e-commerce and direct-to-consumer. Those are for us three to four times what it was in 2019 and you're seeing that as sort of 3% to 5% of our business today where it was 1% before. So some of what you're seeing in that is a difference in the way the consumer actually acquires and it may or may not be reflective of some of the IRI/Nielsen data because it's not picked up in those channels. Some of it is with three tier e-commerce, but certainly the direct to consumer channel is not. So, you've got some of that dynamic in place and of course, almost all of that tends to the higher end. That's where that consumer purchasing behavior occurs. So, I do think there's ebbs and flows on all of those things. I think you saw probably more consumption behavior at home during COVID so you're probably seeing a little bit of more challenging comparable versus prior year. So, I think as we get hopefully back to a bit more normalcy, I think you'll continue to see what the long-term trend is which is that the higher end of the business continues to outperform, and then it's a strong growth of play for that sector. Garth. 
William Newlands: Obviously, that's a little bit of a tough question to answer, because unlike a year ago where we were very selective a what we produced this year we've been producing all skews. We've just had trouble keeping up with the demand. Our best estimate would probably be in the 2 to 3 percentage points that we lost in this process. But again, in most instances the consumer is looking for our brand, they may have an issue out of particular point time finding a skew, but they don't have trouble finding our brand. So, I think that's probably the way to think about it. 
William Newlands: Well, I would put more emphasis on your very last point, which is the sector changed a lot versus what everybody anticipated. I think we were probably a bit on the conservative event compared to some of the competition as to what they expected going into this year where some of them were predicting in excess of 50% growth, we projected less. But even as it was, we were wrong. So that is the fundamental issue. When you combine that with the fact that we pre-produced, which again at the time was about production scheduling and our judgment was the right thing to do at the time, that in hindsight did not work out for us as well either. But you got to keep in mind, despite all of that, it's a relatively small percentage of our overall growth profile. It is additive to our growth, it is not the majority of our growth. The majority of our growth continues to be the robust demand against our core beer portfolio, and that's where we expect it to continue to be. So, now relative to the formulation, we just -- we obviously do a lot of consumer research and we track consumer perspectives and we have found that consumers are desiring a bit more flavor and a bit more differentiation within their Seltzer preferences and we plan to address those consumer needs. 
William Newlands: Okay, I think the right way to think about margins over the near and medium term is consistent with our long-term growth algorithm, which is that we're going to achieve margins in the range of 39% to 40% and as we say in every call, those are best in class margins and we're not apologetic about those. In any given fiscal year margins might be slightly higher than that due to tailwinds and in some years they might be slightly lower than that just due to too many headwinds. But the right way over the medium term is to think about those in the range of 39% to 40%. 
William Newlands: Sure. We had mid-single-digit depletion growth in that brands during the quarter. And obviously it was constrained. We would have expected it to be higher without any supply chain issues that revolves around Brown Glass. 
William Newlands: Sir just on Q3 shipments and depletions. What we said in terms from a growth perspective, shipments will grow in the low single digits and depletions will grow higher than that. We furthermore said that on a volume basis, depletions -- shipments would outpace depletions and therefore we made progress in returning inventory to more normal levels by the end of our fiscal year. On the pricing question, what we said on that was is that our typical pricing algorithm has us gaining one to two percentage points per year. Given the pricing environment that we're in this year, we're able to be a little bit more aggressive on products that we wouldn't otherwise take pricing on. And so we're going to be -- we're going to take pricing on those skews and as a result, we will be slightly lump above our 2% this year. 
William Newlands: Sure. If I understood the first part of your question correctly, I mean, keep in mind that the beer category has been roughly flat at a time when we are up roughly 8%. So there is a significant delta between what the overall category is performing and what we are performing. We're radically outperforming the category. Relative to our desire in the Seltzer/ABA space, there's a number of things. First of all, we're going to focus our attention on where we think we bring differentiated products that are distinct. Given what we have today, I would use Refresca and Limonada as two examples of that that meets specific needs and are not what I would describe as need to products. We also have as we noted in our scripts some innovation agenda items that we think are going to be distinctive and will bring unique value to the table as well. So, we continue to believe this is going to be additive portion of our growth, but certainly not the largest portion of our growth that will continue to be our core beer portfolio. 
William Newlands: Alright. Thanks very much. And thank you all for joining our call today. Despite some challenges impacting our results this quarter, as you can see, we remain very confident on the strength and underlying fundamentals of our business. Our beer business in particular continues to be a tight growth driver within the industry while we continue to see the benefits of our wine and spirits premiumization take hold. We remain bullish on the future performance of our powerful collection of consumer connected brands, which provides us with strong momentum as we head into the second half of our fiscal year. Our next quarterly call is scheduled for early January so we hopefully wish everyone a safe, happy, and holiday season. Please remember to enjoy some of our great products during your celebrations, and please remain safe. Thanks for joining the call. 
