Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so I'll take that in pieces. So the grape cost flowing through the cost of goods sold this year are pretty much as expected, right, as we -- because the last 2 harvests in California, specifically the cost per ton had gone up, though that juice will be flowing through our cost of goods sold over the next year to 2. So the cost of goods sold is up. But to your point, for the quarter, promotion spending was up a bit, mostly due to some of the timing of the shipments versus depletions. For the full year, we don't expect promotion spending to be up except for the impact of positive mix. So do we do expect cost of goods sold to be up for the year, and that was part of our guidance. We do not expect promotion spending on a mix adjusted basis to be up for the full year, but we did have a reasonable amount of quarter-over-quarter volatility.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so that's a great question. And we're very happy with our beer results. We outpaced the industry again for the 13th consecutive quarter. That being said, our results on the East Coast and in the Midwest were not very good because the weather for the spring has actually been very wet and very cold, and that's overlapping the previous year, where the weather was actually beyond ideal. So the whole beer industry had a very good first quarter last year. This year, we're all kind of suffering. We're not unique in that. But in general, we're doing better than most. And we're hoping for better weather as we come into the peak summer season, which is right now.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Vivien, the quarter-over-quarter thing gets a little confusing and complicated to describe, especially when you're talking changes, right, because you have to take 2 years activities into account. But the way we look at it is there is volatility quarter-over-quarter, but it kind of clears up on an annual basis. So I think if you go back and look at last year, for the full fiscal year, shipments and depletions were pretty much in line, actually they have been for the last few years. But the quarter volatility does exist.
Robert P. Ryder: We feel we're spending in line with the industry. Again, a lot of our growth is coming out of the premium IRI segment, right, and we're making a concerted effort to get behind some of our brands there. And we're certainly spending more of our money on Focus Brands. But I think Q1 wouldn't be reflective of what we expect for the full year, especially when you look at some year-over-year indices.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. And again, it can drive you a little bit crazy quarter-over-quarter. So the second quarter will kind of even out some of the anomalies in the first quarter because there'll be a reversal of the trends. So shipment growth, right, will be a lot less than depletion growth in the second quarter, which was the opposite in the first quarter. And again, for the full year, they should align. So our income statement is driven off shipment growth, which is why we said that the wine and spirits business will see profits in the second quarter below the second quarter of last year.
Robert P. Ryder: So again, they just happen in different cadences, right, so depletions will accelerate. Some of it will do what happen with last year's second quarter. But the other will be as we gear up going into October, November, December, right, we expect to have better depletion results in the second quarter.
Robert P. Ryder: But remember, from a shipment perspective, right, we said that shipment growth over prior year will drive negative EBIT in the second quarter. So I wouldn't expect shipment growth in the second quarter.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, again, we're -- let's move on because we're kind of filling out economic models. We're just trying to do a favor giving some hints on second quarter. [indiscernible]
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, that's a good question. So again, in the first quarter, we had some anomalies. I'd say price mix in the U.S. business, which usually really drives the bus, was slightly positive, okay? So that -- and if you look at the wine category, the trend continues, generally, the more expensive the wine, the faster it's growing. That was kind of consistent for us. But the anomaly in the first quarter was actually we had some negative price mix outside of the U.S., which it's normally not big enough to have an impact, but this quarter, because the first quarter's our smallest quarter and because it was a bit anomalous in -- mostly it was Canada and New Zealand, it kind of impacted the total business. Again, we don't expect that to be a full year phenomenon, which is a kind of anomalous first quarter event. So most of the negative price mix, actually all the negative price mix was outside of the United States.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so the numbers that you see in SG&A are a combination of SG&A and marketing, right? And for the full year, we expect marketing to be up as we reinvest in the -- in mostly, the commercial activities, right, and mostly marketing spend. But SG&A would be up as well. The big drivers are normal raises, okay? They're kind of CPI inflation kind of numbers as we come off -- as we fully capitalize our ERP system, we have some increased depreciation around that. And then there's some overlaps from positives we incurred last year that aren't recurring this year that make SG&A looks like it's inflating, but it's really not. It's just overlapping anomalous positives in the previous year. They're the 3 big drivers for the SG&A increase.
Robert P. Ryder: No, I mean you can see it in the P&L, right? I think SG&A was up like 7%, 8%, something like that, I think, in the P&L.
Robert P. Ryder: I would say that the full year will be a little bit less, but pretty much right around where the first quarter was.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, John. The on-premise, as Rob said, is not growing. We feel we are growing in the on premise in our Beer business, right? As Rob said, the numbers aren't really like incredibly nuclear, but we feel we're growing pretty well in draft. Draft is helping it, and actually, we have some tests that said when draft is on the account and people can see the tap handle, they'll actually also buy the bottle brand as well, right? So it's kind of synergistic in that way.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so we would expect margin erosion again in the second quarter because remember, I said that our profit growth is back-end weighted, right? So I don't think we'll see the -- for the full year, our guidance is for margin erosion in the wine and spirits business because we have operating profit growth estimated below net sales growth. But I think you're seeing an anomalously negative margin in the front half, which will start to come back in the second half of the year.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Robert. Thank you for that complement. I hope everybody heard that. I hope our Beer business guys heard that. But look, if you talk brands, right, the current juggernaut is Modelo Especial. And it continues -- it's above 40 million cases, which is a substantial brand, and it continues to grow on the 20% range. So I think that's the big buy brand section. I think the other thing that's happening is the import category's doing better than premiums or the sub-premiums, that's helping. And I think our marketing continues to resonate with the consumer, and the strong equity continues to resonate with the consumer. And very good sales execution. So I'd say not any one thing. One brand is clear, it is Modelo Especial. And then it's good execution around everything else.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so we do, do hedging. We hedge currencies and we hedge fuel prices, are currently what we're hedging. We do not yet hedge the peso because we don't have enough data from the new business to enter into those contracts. We are looking at it, and I would expect us to start hedging the peso as we go forward. The dollar's strengthened versus the peso, but it's been very volatile. And so we're keeping our eye on it. Right now, it looks better than it did a month ago, but again, it's very volatile. Of course, the euro and dollar is very volatile as well, that's our other big exposure. And we're also hedging fuel prices, which actually, for us, and it's all around freight, is a bigger number than our exposure to currencies, okay? So I think that's what we look at going forward.
Robert P. Ryder: No, it would -- I'm not going to give those numbers because, frankly, we're still investigating. But actually, we're not as exposed to the peso as you might think, mostly because if you go back through the myriad of contracts that we have, where the beer that we do not make, we're buying in dollars from InBev, right? So that's a big thing. Natural gas is generally priced in dollars. Natural gas fuels the plants. In addition, most of the global beer input costs, malt, barley, things like that, are also paid for in dollars. It's kind of like oil. So really, the big exposure we have in pesos is the cash cost at the facility, which is mostly labor costs, right? That's our exposure, which isn't as big as you would think it would be because remember how automated this facility is. So yes, we have peso exposure. It's not as big as you might think.
Robert P. Ryder: We -- that's InBev's plant, so we don't have any insights to it. But we currently aren't sourcing any glass from that, and that's really not on our radar screen right now.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so just to follow up on Rob, our draft business is doubling, still small but doubling. This is logistically complex, but also, remember, we're trying to be very selective with the accounts that we go into. So we're at a higher end, mostly on our draft, right? So we might not get the full distribution that maybe a Bud Light or Coors Light will because we'll be a little bit more selective. But we're very happy with the progress so far, and I think it's a slow build, but I'll take a slow build if it's a doubling of the business every year.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, we're just trying to give you a hint towards Q2, so we're -- I'm not going to get into like quarterly guidance stuff on marketing spend. But marketing spend in Q1 was below prior year, and for the full year, it's going to be above prior year. Yes, so you'd expect balance of the year to be higher.
Robert P. Ryder: No, it's nothing. I'd say in beer, it's maybe more conscious to move some marketing spend into the second quarter. It's probably a little bit of a bigger bet on baseball and probably driving some of our Hispanic marketing. And in wine, it's more just I don't think we're that anomalous from prior years, we're just increasing total marketing spending in wine. It just so happened that Q1 was a little bit lighter and that the balance of the year will be heavier than prior year.
Robert P. Ryder: No, I'm not going to give second quarter balance sheet stuff, right? So we did draw on it to fund the acquisition, which happened like 7 days into the quarter.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, this is Rob. What really happens is that at the end of the fourth quarter, or I should say the fourth quarter, we had very, very, very strong depletions. That tends to mute depletion growth in the first quarter of this year as the inventory from -- at retail from the fourth quarter moves through. That moves through during the first quarter and, therefore, the second quarter we usually see bounce back to our normal depletion trends of -- at least around mid-single-digit depletion growth. So fourth quarter, we had very high depletion growth, almost double digit. First quarter, we have lower depletion growth, low-single digits. Next quarter, we return to sort of our normal run rate.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, we're not going to comment on the exact numbers, which, of course, we don't know at this moment.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. In the first quarter, the total beer category was down in volume terms about 1%, 1.5% versus our depletions, which, in the first quarter, were up 3%. In general, the trends in on-premise are worse than the trends in off-premise. It's hard to know exactly what the on-premise trends are because they're not tracked. So we don't know exactly what those numbers are, except that we expect that they're probably, as I said, worse in the on-premise than in the off-premise. Now as it relates to the beer business overall, the negative trends were largely driven by the domestic premium segment, which, of course, is dominated by the light premium beers of the 2 major brewers of domestic brands in the United States. The import category generally outperformed the domestic category. We represent about half of the import category, and as I said in my remarks, we gained about 1 point or 100 basis points of share of the import category, and we gained about around 20 basis points or so of the overall beer business in the United States. So generally, those are the trends.
Robert S. Sands: Well, when you say more of this, what we announced in both cases was the appointment of new distributors. So around the world, whenever we appoint a new distributor for our brand, and these were just changes, so we've distributed in our brands with another distributor prior to this, whenever we appoint a new one, we usually issue a release indicating who our new customer is. So you'll continue to see, as we make adjustments in our distributions matrix, you'll see announcements announcing who our distributors are around the world. So that's really the sole import of all this. Now, as a general proposition, yes, we continue to focus on building our business in regions and countries around the world. We basically distribute every place in the world, largely. And as our brands build momentum, we make adjustments in that distributorship network, and these announcements sort of are fairly reflective of that. Brazil is a fairly bouyant market for imports so, of course, we're relatively optimistic about that business on a small base. So is South Korea, but again, on a very small base.
Robert S. Sands: Well, first of all, Lauren, last year, we took about 2% of pricing, which is, on a percentage basis, lower than the industry, but on a dollar basis, pretty much consistent with what the rest of the industry did, right? Because you remember, our price for our product is substantially higher than the industry, in general. So on nominal terms, the same price increase results in a lower percentage for us versus the rest of the industry. So 2% was pretty healthy. That's point number one. Yes, prior to that, there was a period of time for a few years where we really didn't take much pricing because the focus of the business was largely against making sure that we maintained and, in fact, build market share following the recession of 2008, early 2009. As far as our plans going forward, we expect to continue to monitor what's going on in the industry in general, and we take a very strategic view towards pricing and really look at it on a market-by-market, brand-by-brand basis. And we're going to have to wait and see what happens with the rest of the industry as we move forward, but it looks like, up to now at least, pricing's been pretty healthy in the rest of the industry. So I suppose stay tuned for -- we'll see what happens.
Robert S. Sands: Sure. Well, probably the biggest area that we're excited about is the opportunities for innovation and new product development. With the ownership of our own production, we can produce new packages and new types that previously we were entirely reliant upon the consent of Modelo to produce. And generally, they didn't really want to do much in the way of innovation, new products, new packages, new types. No less, new brands. So we're doing a lot of thinking about what our NPD and innovation pipeline will be in the future. We already are taking advantage of it. We've intro-ed or we're test marketing, Modelo Especial Lite. We are introducing Modelo Especial Chelada, which is a Bloody Mary style beer, which is actually a pretty large category in the United States. It's dominated entirely by one other supplier, so we see a lot of opportunity there. We are introducing new SKUs in drafts that we haven't previously had. So the primary area where we can really kind of do something different than what we have historically done is in the area of innovation and NPD.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, I think that certainly, right now, we feel like we have the right mix of those items. And yes, we have been successful in driving share. Our goal is not just to drive share. I'll say as a complete and total end goal, it's really about making sure that our brands are healthy so that we can take advantage of trends as they emerge. Now, as we move forward in the future, I am sure, in fact, we will tweak the mix between those things. And of course, in the end, our goal is to drive profitability and margins, but we really have to make sure, first and foremost, that the top line is healthy before we could turn our attention to that. So we'll definitely continue to tweak the mix between those things, and especially as we sort of monitor what's going on in the industry as we move into our next fiscal year and thereafter.
Robert S. Sands: Not much has changed. The pricing is almost all at the low end, but that's not the surprising because the low end is the least fragmented part of the category, dominated largely by 2 suppliers. It has very much impacted the volume growth in the low end, so the pricing was not without some impact on volume, actually, fairly significant. It has driven some trade up. We are seeing more pricing, I suppose, at the top end sort of above $15, $20 as wine supplies, especially in the above $20 category, which is largely the North Coast Sonoma/Napa wine supplies have been very tight up there. So there has been some pricing there. The, I'll say, more commercial part of the business between $5 and $15 is much more fragmented, so we tend not to see pricing occur in that category or in that -- those segments as quickly as it occurs in the other 2 segments, but I would say, over time, we probably expect to see some pricing start hitting in those categories. And we have seen it in some specific brands. We've seen some pricing being taken, and some specific suppliers have taken some pricing in that category. But I would say not overall as a general proposition.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, we are -- in our business, draft is a very, very, very small percentage of our business, about 2%, yes. Well, for us, it's even less -- I'm sorry, it's even less than 2%. But for the industry overall, it's a much higher percentage, so we under index grossly when it comes to draft. So regardless basically of what happens on the on-premise as an overall proposition, because we're so under indexed, it's a big opportunity for us. Now, that said, the strategy on draft is really all about providing the opportunity on, on premise for sampling of our products, and -- which translates directly into off premise volume and sales growth. So I don't think that the opportunity there has much to do with what's going on in the on-premise in general at all. It's all about we have traditionally just simply not participated in this segment. So the growth opportunity is quite substantial for us even without the on-premise generally growing.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, Robert. We definitely have a bigger seat at the table. As I've commented before, total beverage alcohol is probably the most important category at retail, especially in the chain and mass merchandisers environment. And as one of the largest multi-category players or the largest multi-category player and third largest category player overall, that puts us on a very important position. So our conversations with these retailers are good, and we hope to translate our position into a better position in these retailers. So that's something that we're always working on and yes, we're making progress. We have increased points of distribution in both wine, spirits and beer. So we think that we should be seeing continued favorable trends as a result of this.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, no, there's not -- there's really no, I would say, overall supply chain issues other than just getting the supply chain for draft beer on a large scale up and going, is a relatively complicated process because it involves producing a lot more or having a lot more kegs than you need. It involves having the infrastructure in place for delivering kegs and having kegs returned and so on and so forth. So there's no issue, and we will continue to build the business. I would say it's going to be, as opposed to like a gigantic step change, I think it will be a slower change as we continue to build the business from where we are currently, which is about 2 million cases out of 170 million. So I said 2% is actually closer to 1% to more of the industry average, which is around 10%. So it will be a slow build. Obviously, that's a lot of draft beer as we build towards those numbers. But our intention is to continue to build the business, and we are putting the infrastructure in place. And as we continue to -- as we build out the Piedras Negras brewery, we'll be doing so, making sure that we have that capacity in mind.
Robert S. Sands: Okay. Well, thanks for joining our call today. We are very excited about the final completion of the beer deal. We have great marketplace momentum across beer, wine and spirits, and we're on track to meet all our goals for the year. I hope you've had the opportunity to enjoy some of our fine products, especially the SVEDKA Stars and Stripes during the 4th of July holiday later this week. So thanks, again, for your participation.
