David Klein: So Dara, on the first part the current effective FX rate, so kind of net of our hedges on a year-to-date basis is probably in that mid-18s range. So to the extent that current spot’s a little lower than that, it would be a bit of a drag next year, but not much.
David Klein: Yes, so, it was still -- we are still running in general in that 8.5% to 9% range. Clearly, that means the dollars are up because of the growth of our business. And just kind of as a note, we will see as a percentage of net sales higher marketing spend in Q3, simply because of the lower sales quarter and we spend money with the NFL property. So again we’re spending about the same percentage as we have in the past. And yet we continue to see really impressive returns on our marketing spend in our beer business, which I think is tribute to the quality of the advertising that our marketing team puts in place, as well as the power of the brands. But we monitor that return on an ongoing basis, and we’re going to continue to invest in our brands in our beer business, and you’re going to see us begin to invest more in our brands in our wine business, which will also see a fairly large increase on a percentage of net sales basis in Q3 versus where we have been in the past. 
David Klein: Yes, just one other thing to add to that, Adam, as I said in my script that we have been doing some SKU rationalization, which creates about or create about 100 basis points drag on growth. Nut that’s just good business where we can discontinue a SKU that has a like low 30 margins and replace it with a SKU that has 50% or 60% margins using the same assets.
David Klein: Yes, so from -- so when we look at it from a growth rate perspective, what -- I guess so in the first quarter of the year, sorry I am just backing up here. So in the first quarter of the year, we -- you're referencing the fact that we depleted more than we shipped. So we were able to recover in the second quarter, and I would say that we probably did a little bit better job in the recovery than we may have expected thanks to some amazing performance by our operations we’re able to ship a little bit more beer than we would have expected, bringing our distributor inventory days back in line where we would like them to be.
David Klein: That's the majority of the answer. And yes, it's not even the efficiency the level of utilization at our breweries was quite high. And again some amazing work by our teams in Mexico.
David Klein: So I'll comment on the repurchase component and I'll let Rob comment on M&A. Our capital allocation philosophy Mark hasn't changed at all. So we said when we were below 3.5 times we would look to buyback our dilution on a systematic basis and more than our dilution say opportunistically. And remember, we’ve repurchased $1.2 billion worth of stock towards the tail-end of last fiscal year. So we waited in Q2 until we got below 3.5 times and then we started with our systematic repurchase of our dilution granted it only amounted to $14 million in the quarter. But that's more of a timing issue than anything else. So we remain committed to our capital allocation principles.
David Klein: So we're going to continue to operate the business kind of targeting 3.5. Now that said, I'm not sure we'll be dogmatic to stay exactly at 3.5, but we will stay in that 3.5 times range over a medium term period of time.
David Klein: By the way Mark, if the question also relates to by not staying at 3.5 times are we in some way loading up for something, the answer is no, it just we're going to be around that 3.5 times range and we do intend to buy our stock back as well as invest in our business as well as do M&A.
David Klein: Yes, so from a distribution standpoint, we've said that about 60% of our growth has come from distribution gains and in fact the beer sales team has done an outstanding job of executing against their distribution objectives for the year and now we're seeing a bit of an acceleration of our distribution growth across the portfolio. So, a majority of it is based upon the growth in distribution in the business.
David Klein: Yes, so I'll take the second one first. So, if you look at the seasonality of the business and use the last couple years of as an example, we sell about 55% to 60% of our total years beer in the first half of the year. And I think if you look at our fixed cost in our business plus from an operation standpoint plus thinking of SG&A as roughly fixed across the year and you kind of apply the seasonality against that you get a pretty reasonable drag in the back half of the year and we think that's going to be the normal seasonal cycle going forward. In addition to that this year we do have work going on at Nava and at Obregon that will result in line commissioning cost and incremental labor coming on to support the expansion. And then of course we have the continued addition of depreciation as we put assets into service. So, I think we'll when we get through this year we'll be able to outline a better seasonality model, but that's what we're expecting. And then in terms of depletions, we’re -- I would say that we’re pretty balanced in terms of where our guidance is because we have a -- we do have an easier overlap in particular in Q4 from a depletion standpoint with beer. At the same time we’re sitting here at just over 8% depletions in Q2. So, we think that we’re pretty balanced in terms of deplete forecast if you will.
Rob Sands: Yes, so as it relates to Premier, the test markets have been very successful. What do we mean by successful, what we are looking at is pretty much things like velocity per point of distribution, which for a new product, Premier’s velocity per point of distribution was high. And the other thing that we are looking at which is in actuality a relatively minor concern is cannibalization, which actually turned out to be significantly lower than we expected.  Now I’d say that cannibalization is a relatively minor concern and that’s cannibalization of our own products because there is no margin difference between Corona Premier and the other products, so cannibalization isn’t really an issue as long as one plus one equals three. And right now I would say that it’s looking definitively like one plus one will equal three, because given our market shares versus the rest of the market, if cannibalization is the right term, we’re really taking share from competitors not to a large degree from ourselves, which makes logical sense. So, looks good. 
Rob Sands: Yes, so what you just suggested is not at all unusual in that. Our Focus brands constitutes the vast majority of our sales and profit, it’s almost like a perfect Pareto principle type situation, which almost every company exhibits. In that, a relatively small number of our brands, i.e., our Focus brands which are about 17 or so brands constitutes about 70%, 80% of our profits. And yes, so therefore the rest of the portfolio does represent what we might call tail brands or perhaps more euphemistically technical brands.  The interesting thing in the wine and spirits business is regardless of the growth rate, every brand is profitable and a contributor, therefore to our overall profits. And therefore it makes economic sense to keep them when you look at what the potential value would be to a third party from a discounted cash flow basis versus the value to ourselves. So, that’s why we don’t divest the tail. We also don’t spend a lot of time on it from an operational, marketing, or activity point of view.  Now that said, we have divested lower margin, lower growth tail businesses and brands in the past, where it makes economic sense to do so in the manner that I just described meaning taking a look at what the NPV of the future cash flows of those businesses are compared to what we think that we can sell that for. Canada is a good example of that, a number of years ago, we sold off our value wine business Almaden and Inglenook. We sold of our value spirits business as an example brands like Barton and Crystal Palace, and Mr. Boston and so on and so forth. So we are always evaluating that, but I have given you basically the method under, which we evaluate that and generally speaking the brands that are in our portfolio now are worth more to us than they would be to a third party and that’s why we keep up. And they are profitable and therefore they help fuel the investments that we make in the focus brands.
Rob Sands: Not necessarily. We continue to look across all three categories. So fundamentally, you could see tuck-in acquisitions across beer, wine and spirits. And I'd say we're fairly agnostic relative to the three categories it's more a question of growth and margins and what is -- what we think is opportunistic. So there is good examples across all three categories of tuck-in acquisitions if they were available that would meet the growth and margin and economic criteria that we have. So I wouldn't in any way see performance expect to see from us either just spirits or just beer, just wine I think you’re going to see more of the same kind of the thing that you've seen in the past. So we bought High West, we bought Casa Noble, we bought Charles Smith, we brought Funky Buddha. I mean, so it's been a mix it will continue to be a mix.
Rob Sands: And then to the second part of your question we're entirely unhappy and disappointed with our distribution growth because we don't have the distribution that we ought to have as a company meaning in beer and given the growth and margins to the retailer of our portfolio. So, the good news in that is we're making progress, but there is a lot of room left to go in distribution, which basically means there is a big growth runway ahead of us.
Rob Sands: Yes, so first on shelf space. Our increases in distribution are specifically coming from the kind of thing that you mentioned either shelf space coming from slower moving craft SKUs or slower moving domestic. As we increase our shelf space, because the overall beer shelf space I wouldn’t say at this stage is growing. So, I mean that is precisely the trust and the concept and our discussion with retailers is that they can improve their growth rate and their profitability per unit shelf space by devoting more shelf space to our growth portfolio and high margin portfolio than either low margin domestic beer, or craft that is not moving. And then on your second question, imports other than our own, I would say at the moment don’t [inaudible] are not very exciting to us for a couple reasons. Number one, if you look at imports as a category in the United States, I would say the vast majority if not almost all of the growth in imports with a small exception of a couple of small brands is coming from our portfolio. So, it’s a little bit of a misnomer to think that the growth in the beer category to the extent that there is any is coming from imports, it is not, it is coming from Constellations portfolio of Mexican beers. And then there is also growth coming from the craft segment and that’s about it. And then number two, we’re uninterested, completely uninterested in taking on imports of other companies at an agency basis, in fact we gave up those imports. So we used to have brands like Ching-Dao in the portfolio and St. Pauli Girl and those were agency brands. Now the margins on that kind of business are not consistent with the kind of businesses and the kind of business that we’re interested in, point number one. And then point number two, there isn’t really much growth in imports from any country except Mexico and that’s all coming from our portfolio and of course there is like one or two small exceptions to what I am saying. But they literally are one or two small exception.  So, hopefully that answers your question. 
Rob Sands: Well, I mean the answer to that is yes, especially in when you look at our focus brands and some of our most key brands, I mean the -- what you are describing and I know you know this is sort of the essence of what we call sales execution. But okay, in wine and spirits, it’s slightly different than beer, although very slightly, because what I am about to say really applies all three categories. But in wine and spirits in particular because of the -- and really wine in particular because of the very, very high degree of fragmentation versus beer for argument sake. The total key is merchandising and when we talk about merchandising it’s all about getting the product on the floor and advertised by the retailer with some kind of a deal, that’s really the key to execution in really wine and spirits a little less so in beer where it’s about getting more of that shelf, which continues to be dominated by really just a couple of companies that represent the vast majority of the market share in beer in the country, but have declining portfolios.  That said, merchandising in beer is important too, getting the floor is also important but now in wine a wine bottle on a shelf is one wine bottle and one label amongst 1,000. 
Rob Sands: And so, if you really want to have your product in danger of being purchased right, there is no better way than having a display of your product on the floor in front of the cash register and in the stores add with a discount so that consumers can easily pickup a bottle of it as they checkout at the cash register. So as I said that is the essence -- it’s the essence of sales execution.
Rob Sands: I would say that it’s both, but as far as TBA goes, total beverage alcohol, I think it’s a retail story. And what I mean by that is that there is a number of facts that are extremely important that the retailer needs to understand and really probably doesn’t understand and there is two facts. And I think it if you were back to school, Bill Newlands our COO and David talked about this. A very large percentage of consumers right now are shopping across all three categories at once. So they are buying wine, beer and spirits, I think the number is something like 55% of consumers are shopping and drinking across all three categories, which is far different than it used to be years ago. And so we need to address those consumers’ desires and we would do that at retail by offering our TBA portfolio of premium and growing brands, that’s point number to the retailer. Point number two to the retailer is almost even a more important point and that is that if a retail basket contains all three beverage alcohol products meaning beer, wine and spirits, the total value of the ring will be larger by several hundred percent than a basket that only has one category in it of the three or even two categories in it of the three. So, that's what retail is all about and the most successful retailers in the country are all about how do we increase the average size of the ring i.e., the basket as the shopper leaves the store and there probably is no better way to do that than to get the consumer to purchase all three categories. Because if I do that that consumer is going to be a very big purchaser in that store.
Rob Sands: Yes, that's an interesting question. And there is some very significant learnings relative to that and what we are doing with Ballast Point relates to that and how we're treating Funky Buddha also relates to that. So, I would say that when the craft beer business as a general proposition was growing at a much faster rate, the modus operandi that most craft businesses had including Ballast Point before we bought it and for a period of time after we bought it was create a whole bunch of products, throw them out, try to throw them out there everywhere and anywhere you can and see what happens and let the consumer decide. As the business has slowed down, as there is a SKU contraction going on that modus operandi really doesn't work anymore because what you found is that just putting the product out everywhere and anywhere around the country in stores that may not have a very high what we call CDI category development index, doesn't make a lot of sense because the stuff just sits on the shelf that gets old and now consumers are sort of realizing that. So, what we've done with Ballast Point is number one we're consolidating the distribution network into our gold network, that's a very important learning and very important to us Funky Buddha if and when we expanded outside of Florida that will be a key tenant number one. Number two, focusing on key SKU that are really driving the growth as oppose to overly fragmenting the portfolio and then driving or marketing against those key SKUs, marketing and promotion. Where we know that there is velocity and consumer interest that's another key learning as oppose to just putting out 50 different things. So driving this usually two or three or four key SKUs that are important. And then the third element, which is really important is not expanding geographically too quick and therefore into markets where there is no consumer awareness of the brand there is really no marketing just throwing the product out there to retailers. Because it will just sit there and won’t be reordered and that's where you sort of see a bit of a slowdown. And a lot of these companies is that they are cycling through having throwing a lot out there and then finding out that it's not repeat business. So, number one with Funky Buddha, we get the beauty of being able to apply those tenants straight off the bat and therefore I would say building a stronger more consistent and more measured growth story with Ballast Point we’re retreating to that approach and philosophy a bit and hence that’s why you see some of the shorter term negative impact in Ballast Point, which I would say that as we move into our next fiscal, you will see us cycle that. And we’re pretty hopeful that our activities there will take hold, because we have moved it to our gold network, they are extremely highly motivated to drive the brand, the liquids are award winning and fantastic. So there is nothing fundamentally wrong with it other than the approach that was previously taken was not I’d say the kind of professional approach that we as a major company could really bring to it. So we’re in that process right now and those are new learnings from our Ballast Point experience. So more to come.
Rob Sands: It’s pure [indiscernible]. We’re not going to go into gambling, because we probably all be arrested Tom. 
Rob Sands: Okay, as we close out the discussion for our second quarter results, I want to thank everyone, everyone who contributed to the strong performance of our business for the first half of the year. Though the year is far from complete, our new guidance reflects the confidence we have in our ability to sustain our growth momentum in the second half.  Our next quarterly call is scheduled for early January, when we will share the results of our third quarter. Until then we wish you all a safe and happy holiday season, certainly in our business this time of the year is great. And it’s a great opportunity to responsibly share Constellation’s fine beer, wine and spirits products with friends and family. So thanks again everybody for joining our call and have a great day.
