William Newlands: Sure, Bonnie. Let me take the first part of that, Garth. Our expected run rate is no different going forward than it's ever been. At the same point, because so much of our live events and sports were delayed in the year, I mean think about the NBA Finals, hockey, baseball playoffs, football, many of the things that we advertised on were pushed back later in the year, and therefore, into our third quarter. Some of our spend was also pushed back into those time frames as well. So our intention is to have a consistent run rate of spend in that 9% to 10% range as we always have, and you will expect to see a little bit more in the third quarter because many of those pre-bought scenarios will take place during that quarter rather than in the second quarter when we had originally anticipated they would occur.
William Newlands: Sure. Certainly, the space issue has been somewhat challenging over the very most recent past, simply because of the reduction in production that we had around COVID-19. With that said, we have seen very little reduction of our overall space as we have spread out our product mix and our product offering into the existing space that we already had. We're also fortunate that many retailers have moved their resets and their timing back in the year for the same reason as because of the COVID-19 pandemic, which now matches up with the time when we're expecting to have our inventory levels back in a more normalized fashion during this quarter.  So we don't see any long-term issue around that. We've been very straightforward with our retail partners about where we are. And as you well state, our business, if anything, demands more space given the great acceleration that our brands have in the marketplace. And we expect that over time, we will continue to gain in the distribution area much as we have over the last several years.
William Newlands: Let me just add to that. I'm sure that you have seen in the most recent four week share data that our brands are accelerating as we bring more and more of them back to the table. I think as Garth points out, that's going to be a big factor in terms of what the balance is of that. Depletions are certainly accelerating, we're very pleased with that, but it's very tough to give you an exact answer without knowing how that will land during the course of the quarter.
William Newlands: Well, we've shipped about 5.5 million cases year-to-date, which is ahead of what we had expected, and we're very excited about it. As I already said, our velocity against literally one SKU is second in the category. So everything that's occurring around Corona Hard Seltzer has been sort of positive to what our initial expectations are.  As we already also stated, we're going to be in a position to put additional SKUs into the marketplace next year. We would -- we've already said also that our capacity would more than double next year. And keep in mind, we have a minority investment in PRESS, which we're very excited about. PRESS has performed exceedingly well. And as we've said in prior calls, we do expect some price stratification to occur over time in the seltzer category. So PRESS is very positive.  We've also done some very limited regional things like Funky Buddha in Florida. In Florida, that particular brand is in the top 5 of all seltzers in the state of Florida. So we've got our toes in the water on a number of areas. Corona Hard Seltzer will continue to be our lead, but we certainly have other opportunities to continue to gain share in what is becoming a very important subsegment of the beer business.
William Newlands: Well, certainly, Corona Hard Seltzer will be our primary approach to this category. As we stated, given our roughly $10 million capability for this year, we've relied on one -- literally one SKU. So as we go forward and we expand and finish the Obregon expansion that I discussed earlier, that gives us the opportunity to extend our reach within the Corona Hard Seltzer franchise.  We're a big believer that Corona is the perfect brand to maintain our lead focus for seltzer because it meets up exactly with the whole brand essence of refreshment, relaxation and finding your beach. So it -- that will continue to be the lead play for us, but we're always exploring what consumers are interested in going forward. And yes, we do have some additional things that we'll be talking to you about in future conference calls as to what we expect to do during the next fiscal year.
William Newlands: Sure. As you know, we are somewhat less susceptible to the on-premise versus much of the competition with our brands. With that said, there's -- we had 50% closure in the second quarter. We had 75% in the first, and it's looking more and more like that will also reduce another 15% to 20% during the third quarter if things continue as they're going.  With that said, admittedly, the quarter -- I mean, excuse me, the month literally ended yesterday, so we're still adding it up. But it certainly looks like we're going to have a significantly better depletion month in September than we have year-to-date. In fact, it could quite well be our best month of the year so far. That matches up entirely with the acceleration that you've seen in IRI data over the last 4 weeks, which has been accelerating and returned us to a gaining share position, which is something we've normally seen in our business over the course of time.
William Newlands: Sure. As we've said, Modelo is one of the chief growth drivers of our beer business. Modelo Especial has become the number three beer brand in the U.S. market, and it continues to accelerate, part of -- it does that for a number of reasons. One is it continues to have a disproportionate SKU in the Hispanic community, which is a growing demographic in the United States, but we've also radically extended that into the non-Hispanic community. Jim Sabia has been advertising to the non-Hispanic community only for the last few years. So this is relatively new that we've been expanding the reach, particularly in Modelo Especial.  As you know, our Chelada introductions have gone extremely well, one after the next. And certainly, it's continued to see growth in Negra as well. So the overall family is very healthy. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're looking at the 35th consecutive year of growth for that brand. And quite honestly, I don't know how high is up. I think there's -- there remains tremendous opportunity to extend that franchise, both with its core Hispanic community as well as the non-Hispanic marketplace into which we've started to advertise.  I highly doubt that we will do a seltzer under that brand. We believe that the core essence of that brand focuses much more on full flavored beer. And any innovation that we might approach on that particular brand will follow more of the brand essence of the Modelo brand rather than what we have done with Corona, where we feel the whole refreshment platform matches up perfectly with the hard seltzer subsegment.
William Newlands: Well, as I said earlier, and I'll maintain that thought given we have not even gotten all the numbers in yet, and therefore, Garth has not added them all up. But it appears that September will be significantly better than what our year-to-date has been. And as I said, it very likely will be our single best month of the year.  So we continue to be optimistic that what we've seen on takeout and IRI trends that have occurred over the last four weeks is currently being reflected in our increased depletion trend that we're seeing in September, which again matches up with our expectation given we have been back operating at normal levels within the plant now for a significant period of time. So again, it's a little difficult to put an exact number on it right at this point, but it certainly looks like September was a very, very positive month.
William Newlands: Sure, Rob. It's very difficult in a COVID year to make lots of predictions about what will be sustainable and what will maintain itself once we come out of the COVID scenario and what won't. I do think it's very fair to say there will be some fundamental change. Some of that fundamental change will be about 3 tier e-commerce and direct-to-consumer, things that we're investing a lot of our energy and focus on going forward. So I wouldn't make a lot of prediction as to what the adjustments that could occur between spirits or beer or wine.  What I would say is we have worked aggressively, as you've seen, to make sure that our portfolio is positioned for where the consumer is going, not where the consumer has been. We've invested in craft spirits, which we think has tremendous upside. Our beer business plays in the high end, which is where the growth in the category is. We're extending our capabilities in seltzer to more than double what we have done in this fiscal year going forward. And our wine business is tremendously positioned to continue to leverage the premiumization trend that's going on. In addition to that, we're doing the kinds of innovations that the consumer is looking for in things like betterment and convenience. You're seeing that in some of the new products that we've talked about this year.  That's where our focus really lies, and I think there's tremendous opportunity within our portfolio no matter how it shakes out post-COVID. As I said, I do think there will be some fundamental change about how the consumer buys. And to some degree, there almost has to be because there has been a significant shift from the on-premise to the off-premise. And I think that the long-term trend of that, I still think, is too early to predict.
William Newlands: Yes. Keep in mind, Bill, if I could add -- just to add to Garth's comment, our high-end over $11 power brands continue to outpace their competition, and that's led by Meiomi and the Prisoner family, Kim Crawford. These brands are accelerating in the minds of consumer.  Keep in mind, going back to sort of Robert's question from a minute ago, one of the things that we continue to see is people are attracted to try and true brands. And we are very fortunate when you talk about our beer business or our wine business or our spirit business to have a lot of those brands that are inherently trusted, and that has been extremely helpful for us during the pandemic.
William Newlands: Well, as I said earlier, we have been very pleased by the development of our Corona Hard Seltzer business with the Hispanic community. It's indexing somewhere between 5 and 10 points greater than the overall category, and we think that speaks very well to broadening the reach of the seltzer subsegment with consumers. So we're very positive about that.  As I'm sure you've seen, there's been a lot of introductions in the seltzer category, but consumers have a tendency to go with tried and true, trusted brands. And there is really no stronger brand that's trusted in the minds of consumers than Corona. And certainly, Corona Hard Seltzer will fall into that ZIP code as well. So we always wish well for our competition, but we'll be quite happy to do our bit, and we'll see how it all falls out.
William Newlands: Thanks, Jonathan. So thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. Despite the continued and unprecedented challenges that have occurred since the beginning of our fiscal year, our team continues to remain agile and have overcome massive headwinds to deliver strong business performance in the first half of our fiscal year. We remain confident in the resiliency of our business.  Our beer business, as we've discussed today, continues to be a top growth driver within the industry, while our wine and spirit premiumization strategy continues to gain momentum, especially as we enter the final stages of completing our transaction with Gallo. We remain bullish on the future performance of our powerful collection of consumer connected brands, and we are well positioned to deliver a solid year of organic growth in fiscal '21.  Our next quarterly call is scheduled for early January. So I'm wishing everyone at this point a safe and happy holiday season, and I'm also reminding you to enjoy some of our great products during your socially-distant celebrations with your family and friends. So thanks again for joining the call today, and have a great day.
Garth Hankinson: Yes, and the only thing that I would add to that, Bonnie, is from a margin perspective, right, we continue to think that the right range to think about in terms of our beer margins are at 39% to 40%. Obviously, in any given year, we're going to face headwinds or tailwinds that are going to fluctuate a little bit. But those are best-in-class margins, and that's the right way to think about the business on a go-forward basis.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. So Kaumil, thanks for the question. I'd say that the spread between depletions and shipments is going to be tough to gauge as we move through the quarter because it'll largely be dependent upon what depletions look like. And we've actually seen -- as Bill noted, we've actually seen very strong continued consumer takeaway in IRI, and depletion growth remains very robust. Suffice that to say, we do know that there will be a dislocation -- not really dislocation, but a difference in between shipments and depletions for the quarter. How much remains to be seen will be driven by consumer takeaway.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. Bryan, thanks for the question. So the costs, as I outlined them, are for the remaining business, for the business that we are retaining, not for what we're divesting to Gallo. And as it relates to the question on supply chain, we don't expect there to be any material impact on our ability to meet consumer demand as we go forward. We have lots of flexibility in how we source grapes and fruit, whether that's through the bulk line market, the bulk line that we have on hand, our own vineyards, relationships we have with other growers. We don't see any impact on our ability to meet consumer takeaway.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. So margins for our beer business going forward, as we said earlier, the right range to think about them is, as we said previously, which is that 39% to 40% range, right, again, best-in-class margins. In any given year, we're going to have puts and takes as it relates to margins. We're going to get the benefits of our pricing, but we're also going to face headwinds around things like incremental depreciation that flows through cost of goods as well as we build and add capacity, we'll have periods where we have lower utilization rates, which can -- which will have a drag. And so as we say, there's always going to be these puts and takes in any given year, but 39% to 40% is the right way to think about our margin profile over the medium term.  And on the seltzer point that you raised, seltzer currently is a drag given the additional flavors and some of the co-packing that needs to be done there. As we progress and as we get to be -- have more scale in seltzer, there'll definitely be margin improvement there, and we'll start to get closer in line with Corona Extra glass. But again, even as margins improve on seltzer, that there will be other puts and takes. So 39% to 40% is the right way to think about it.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. I think the question is that you want to understand sort of like why the power brand growth wasn't higher than you were expecting, and that really is because we did do -- we didn't repeat some non-return generating promotional activity or take some non-enhancing -- non-value-enhancing pricing actions. And we also cleaned up or reduced the number of days outstanding with some key retailers. So the underlying brands are strong as you see in the IRI takeaway, and the reduction or a slowdown in depletions really is just -- is doing a little bit of house cleaning, so to speak.
