Garth Hankinson: Yeah, Nick, I'll try to address both of those. First on the gross margins, as we laid out in our press release, we did have a bit of a write-off of a bad accrual as it relates to bad receivables in Q4. That impacted our Q4 operating margin by about 100 basis points. Obviously, that would have hit gross margin as well, and that impacted the full year by about 30 basis points, again, at the operating profit margin. As it relates to Q4 impact of Aguas Frescas' launch, very, very minimal impact, really just the strength of the portfolio more broadly is what drove Q4.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, so just as it relates to margins for beer I think that, first of all, I think we have to acknowledge that if you look at the past two years, and you look at the disruptions we saw to global supply chains and then the elevated inflation environment that we've been dealing with, that the improved margins, starting in the back half of our fiscal '24, and then moving forward with significant margin expansion in FY'25 to get near the low-end of our target range I think that that's no small feat. As we look forward to FY'25, we're going to face similar tailwinds and headwinds that we have for the last several years. The tailwinds, again, will be volumetric growth given the strength of our brands, as well as our typical pricing algorithm. Some of the issues that we'll face or headwinds that we'll face is that while commodity prices have certainly abated from their highs, they're certainly sort of higher still than their historical norms or near-term historical norms. And there have been a couple of commodities that have been a bit resilient in their strength, if you will, or haven't come down nearly as much as we would have hoped. So we still face those. In addition, we have the strength of the peso, which is something that we're going to continue to manage through. Fortunately, we're hedged as we enter the year against the peso at about 80%, so we're going to manage that effectively. And as you've heard us talk about extensively, both on this call and Investor Day, we have this year, as well as have had last year, an aggressive set of cost savings initiatives that will help benefit the business. So all in, I mean, we think that there's fairly significant margin expansion here, margin growth, in FY'25 as we move towards getting closer to our mid-term growth algorithm or mid-term margin algorithm.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, just on the roughly $205 million of cost savings that came out of Beer Business throughout the year. Yeah, that ramped up throughout the year. We started right out of the gate very strong in Q1 and again that ramped up as we went through the year. It ramped up as we went through the year really based on two factors. One is, we identified or put in place new initiatives throughout the year. But then you also benefited from -- almost from a compounding perspective for those things that started earlier in the year as well. The kinds of initiatives that we undertook last year were procurement-related in terms of various RFPs around raw materials where we were able to address some of the outsized increases that we saw over the last two years due to global supply chain disruptions as well as the inflationary environment. There was a number of logistics initiatives in terms of rail cars and double stacking and also a number of operational initiatives that were underway.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, so on the first one, in terms of the amount of costs that are peso-denominated for our Beer Business is about 20% to 25% of our costs are peso-denominated. As I said, as we entered this year, we're hedged at about 80%.
Bill Newlands: Sure. We obviously take into account our March results with our overall expectations for the year. But I'd say, March was very consistent with what our expectations were. Everyone should keep in mind that March has two less selling days, April has two more. So we internally look at it as sort of the combo plan of those two months. With that said, we had a very comfortably strong March as we expected that we would, and think it's setting us off on a really solid year, as we said, consistent with what we said at the Investor Day in New York. As we also noted in my script, we had low-double-digit growth in our shelf sets here in the spring, greater than our growth algorithm, which is what we expected. And certainly, that's going to be one of the added values in our delivery of the total year. But as we've said, and as all of you know, incremental space, by and large, is not at the same velocity as what you have from existing velocity, because it's marginal returns. With that said, we're very pleased with the increase in our shelf position. We've said for many years, our brands really deserve it. They've averaged over $50 million per SKU in dollar return, and it certainly is reflective of what I'm sure all retailers are seeing and that our brands are driving the growth in the category.
Bill Newlands: No, Bryan, we don't play with the numbers. The numbers reflected very strong results in our Beer Business. As we've said, we've had some challenges in our Wine & Spirits business. As you know, we just installed a new President of our Wine & Spirits business whose focus will be on execution. We have a number of things in this coming year that will cause it to be a bit of a reset year at the bottom line because we're lapping a number of one-time issues, but that isn't going to stop us from delivering on the enterprise-wide results that we committed to in New York and that we are reiterating today. We expect to continue to show best-of-class results. As you heard in my remarks, last year, we again were the number one growth company in Circana large companies as we have been five of the last seven years, and that is what's really driving the success of our business, not anything else.
Bill Newlands: Yeah, you bet. We did see some inventory reduction this past fiscal year, particularly in Canada. There was quite a bit of inventory realignment in Canada, and certainly there has been some that we've seen in the US as well. The thing that I think is important for us to continue to focus on is we've made a number of changes. We're going to focus on those 11 brands that are really the biggest drivers of our success. That's a bit of a change. Frankly, we've probably peanut buttered our efforts a little too broadly in the past, and we're going to focus on those brands that we believe have real growth potential for the long term. We're also going to do a bit more promotional spend than we have in the past, particularly on brands like Woodbridge, where that's an important part of the consumer dynamic. A lot of work and research has been done in the last few months to make sure that we understand all the consumer dynamics around our critical brands and we will execute against those dynamics in this coming year. And I think that's reflective of an improved top line that you see this year, acknowledging there'll be a bit of a reset at the bottom line.
Bill Newlands: Sure. As I stated, Kaumil, on our -- in my primary remarks, well, low-double-digit shelf space is what we expected to get, and that's in fact what we are getting in spring resets. Obviously, it varies all over the map depending, but that's roughly what the total number is in the aggregate. And again, that's at least as much as we expected. We're very pleased with where that landed. Relative to the Wine & Spirits business, we've made this comment a number of times. The person that drinks across all three categories, beer, wine, and spirits, spends six times as much as an individual that drinks only in one of those three categories. Therefore, we continue to feel that that's important, that we are accessing significant additional consumer occasions and consumer spending by being able to play in all three of those categories.
Bill Newlands: Sure, Nadine. We're very pleased with the health of our consumer. We've said many, many times, the brand loyalty that we have within our franchise is superb. And I think that's really important. I think when you put that together with the fact that, and Garth has mentioned this on a number of occasions, we've been judicious in our pricing strategy over the last few years, which is a little bit different from what some other people have done in CPG industries, but we think that's important to maintain that consumer base given the very strong loyalty that we have within our franchises. It's also important to note that the high-end, which is the only place where we compete in beer, continues to see an increase in buy rate. So that, again, speaks to the fact that the consumer continues to premiumize and we're in the perfect position to take advantage of that particular point. Relative to any consumer changes in January and so on, one of the things that we've noted a couple of times is betterment. We've done a number of things in our wine business to bring out light or lighter products like Illuminate and Kim Crawford and Bright in Meiomi. Similarly, our Corona Non-Alcoholic had a great start. It was the number one share gainer in the non-alcoholic segment and I think that does reflect some change in consumer behavior or people that are concerned about being the designated driver, but still want to enjoy an outstanding tasting beer. We're going to continue to emphasize the betterment trends as we go forward with a number of our product offerings and certainly expect Corona Non-Alcoholic to continue to grow here in this coming fiscal year as well.
Bill Newlands: Andrea, your voice got a lot lower since the last time you asked a question. All joking aside, our trends were very, very strong really across the country. A significant place, let me use Pacifico as an example, the depletions across that brand for the year were up 17%, and obviously, the big stronghold is California. Modelo Especial continues to be the number one brand in the State of California. But we're also seeing really good success across the country. Places like Texas and Florida. And secondary markets. We've always said secondary markets are going to be an important element for us. And many, many, many of those showed double-digit increases over this past year. So we were very pleased to see a broad-based growth profile for our business as we closed out the year, and we think we're in position to continue to do that here in fiscal '25. Garth, I think, the second one was for you.
Bill Newlands: And relative to price realization, as you know, a lot of what you see in these types of things depends on when pricing increases or pricing actions were taken. We consistently have said 1% to 2% is our pricing algorithm, and over the course of the whole year, we're still expecting to see 1% to 2% pricing actions. As you also know, Robert, we do that on a SKU-by-SKU, market-by-market basis, and therefore, you have reflections of different time frames across the year as to when that actually shows up. I don't think that's anything that we are concerned about nor any kind of an ongoing trend. And as we said, over the course of the year, we'll expect to get 1% to 2% as we've communicated we would.
Bill Newlands: Well, as we've said right along, we probably were not the single biggest gainer as it related to the controversy that you know, but I'd also, again, continue to point out something I said earlier, which is, we've got extraordinarily strong brand loyalty, and we only play in the high-end. The high-end is where the growth in the category is at the moment, and we're fortunate that that's exactly where we play. When you add in the fact that we've seen a significant increase in our shelf presence here during this spring reset program, we think we're in a great position, recognizing we are coming off the single biggest share gain in the history of Constellation Brands Beer Business. Two points in all total beer and 2.6 points in the high-end. It's an unprecedented gain and I think it reflects the sheer strength of our brands.
Bill Newlands: I think, obviously, Garth and I spent a lot of time with our wine colleagues over the last few months looking carefully at what we thought was critically important. The reflection of an improved performance has several variables involved. One, we're going to work much more closely and enhance our sales capabilities to support our distributor network. I think we've gotten much more aligned as to what our intentions and expectations are, both from distributor to us and us to distributor than where we had been as we came out of last year. Second, we've refocused our priorities. There are 11 or so critical brands that did not probably have the right amount of prioritization within our overall portfolio, and we have radically addressed that. Third, we're going after efficiencies within the business, and we think there are those to be had. As you know, that was a tremendous success last year in our Beer Business, and we're putting some of the same resources against our Wine & Spirits business that helped generate that very strong result last year. So there's a number of elements that we are putting in place recognizing this is going to be a bit of a reset year, particularly at the bottom line for the wine business. However, again, we've said, we think the strategy is sound, it's right, it's going to get us to our medium-term algorithms as we go forward, and at this point, it's all about execution. And I think Sam Glaetzer and the rest of the team are going to be crystal focused on execution against our strategy.
Bill Newlands: You bet, Carlos. I think you saw some interesting volatility, depends on the particular time frame, and we saw some of that. We had an issue for a brief period during this year where we had some issues with kegs, which is now fully behind us. We're continuing to see strong development in the on-premise, and we're particularly excited about it heading into Cinco, which is obviously the next big time frame for us, and a time frame when we historically have done very well and made significant share gains, both in the retail and in the on-premise environment. So we're very optimistic that the on-premise is going to be an important part of what our results are this year. Both Modelo, Corona, Extra and Pacifico are all growing share in that channel and we expect that that continued share of growth is going to continue in this fiscal year.
Bill Newlands: Thank you, Rob, and thank you to all who joined today's call. As we wrap up, I want to, once again, thank our colleagues across Constellation, as well as our trade partners, for delivering another strong year of performance in fiscal '24. Your continued focus and discipline has made Constellation a top-performing growth leader among CPG companies for 11 consecutive years. No other company in recent times can say that, and we're extremely proud of this achievement. As we head into fiscal '25, we're confident in our ability to further build on our momentum and to create additional shareholder value by delivering low-double-digit EPS growth, fueled primarily by our Beer Business, which we expect to generate high-single-digit net sales growth and best-in-class operating margins. Heightened focus on our commercial and operational execution in our Wine & Spirits business, while maintaining our disciplined approach to capital allocation and continuing to serve as good stewards of our environment and the communities where we operate. As we approach the key summer selling season, we invite you to enjoy some of our great-tasting products as part of your festivities, and we look forward to speaking with you again on our next quarterly call. Thank you very much, and have a good day, everybody.
