Rob Sands: …..indicate that our total beverage alcohol strategy is working as we achieved the most retail sales growth by a wide margin among our U.S. beverage alcohol peers. As such, we remain one of the best growth stories within the U.S. CPG space. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to David who will review our financial results for the quarter.
Rob Sands: And then I’d say consumer takeaway and repeat on Premier in particular which is what we asked about. As I said, Premier is responding probably a bit above our expectations. We were very – we were able to gain distribution on the product at a pretty rapid rate, you see velocities at rates which we think are very strong. So I’d say all good for Premier. We don’t see any cheeks in that armor. We think it’s going to be a very, very successful brand launch, plus we put a lot of investment behind the marketing of the brand. And I think that we are seeing the response to that. And then to your question on cannibalization, we are not seeing cannibalization at a rate greater than what we expected in the first place. So, pretty much, I mean that’s the bottom line. So I would say as it relates to the new products, I put that above expectation, I’d say as it relates to the entire Mexican portfolio, I’d have to say that, that’s also slightly above expectations as well. That business, our Mexican beer business is performing very strongly as we go through this fiscal year. So, we see no issues whatsoever there.
Rob Sands: Yes. So in terms of inventory levels at distributors, they are in line with where we typically are at this point of the year perhaps a bit on the low side. So I don’t think there are any distributor load issues clearly and there weren’t significant out of stocks to the best of my knowledge. From a grape cost standpoint, the callout is really based upon the flow-through of a tight NAPA harvest year 2016, which is starting to come through our P&L. Also, there was issues in Italy as well in terms of the grapes that are coming through that are driving increased cost. Now that said, the operations team in the wine business has some overhead initiatives and some blend management initiatives that we have put in place that will start to see flow through the P&L over the remainder of the year. So, I don’t think there is anything that’s worrisome there. It’s just a callout in terms of our margins in line.
Rob Sands: Yes, Vivien. ACV is a great story. We built ACV in Premier thus far to 63% and Familiar without it being introduced everywhere to 37%. So, we are pretty excited about that. And as I sort of indicated, I placed that in the category of excellent results and even potentially above our own expectations. And then I would say in terms of the shelf, we are fundamentally getting incremental shelf space for these products, which is great and makes a lot of sense for the retailers. I mean I would say that retail is getting it, okay, retail understands and they are getting that they can increase their own sales and profitability by getting behind this portfolio, Constellation’s portfolio. So, we continue to be by a factor of many folds, the largest provider of growth at retail of any beverage alcohol company period in the United States. So, we are pretty pleased with these results which is one of the reasons I would say why we have the stomach, okay, to invest behind the portfolio, the way that we have invested behind the portfolio. So, we are pretty confident as we sit here right now that this is going to work out well.
Rob Sands: Yes. I guess, I will comment on the last point. As I said, cannibalization is well within what we expected and predicted. We don’t see cannibalization really being a huge factor except perhaps against Corona Light, which I would say is what we expected. Any impacts on Corona – Corona Extra, which is performing very well is probably mostly weather-related in March in the first month. And frankly, I don’t really like to bring the weather off, because it doesn’t really matter and I think that we fully expect the portfolio and the base portfolio to respond or to perform as we expected. If you take a look at the whole Corona family, for instance, we were tracking, I don’t know, 200 or 300 basis points or 200 basis points behind where we were for the first quarter. So, that only appears to us that one plus one meaning the base portfolio plus the new products is adding up to 3, not just 2 or even below 2. So I think we are at 14.7% IRI, so – and higher than that for the latest. So, on consumer takeaway is very, very strong across the entire portfolio. As I said, Corona Light, we expected some cannibalization there.
Rob Sands: So, first of all, Robert, our investment in cannabis is completely in line with what we expected, but that said, we are making a significant investment in Canada from an operating point of view. We all know of our investment in Canopy and of course that’s working out quite well, but we didn’t do it specifically to speculate on Canopy stock, because that’s not what we do. We did it to, in essence, have a stake in Canopy and to create what’s almost a joint venture between ourselves and Canopy to develop product for the world market, okay, including the U.S. So, we have a team and a significant team of people that both came out of Constellation as well as new hires sort of the full accouterment that’s necessary to really develop products. They are headquarters, we call them, Green Star, they are headquartered in Toronto and they are working diligently with many of the major both advertising firms and marketing firms and consulting firms for that matter. We also have Bane engaged on that topic meaning cannabis, so that we are ensuring that we are covering all fronts on that. I think that as to your question about the United States, the answer is, is that we are not going to do anything that is violative of federal law, but that said, we are looking closely at precisely that issue and making sure that we understand what we can do and what we can’t do. And sort of as you implied there maybe things that we can do and we will do them if we can do them as I said it’s not violative of federal laws and we would like to. So, yes, we are aware of the Loginetis. What they are saying, let me put it that way, I don’t have any really true inside knowledge of exactly what they are doing and how they are doing it, but we are pretty interested in what they are doing and how they are doing it and we don’t intend to get caught and becoming from behind. So I suppose therefore the answer to your question is yes, we are looking at it pretty carefully and if we see that opportunity within the confines of what we can legally do, we will do it.
Rob Sands: I will let David address that. Yes, I think we have some technical difficulties in the call. And I believe I was talking about wine and spirits and perhaps what the part that was deleted was the fact that, that I said that we would reiterate – we wanted to reiterate that we are committed to growing net sales and operating income for our wine and spirits business in the 2% to 4% range in fiscal 2019, which is what our original guidance was, so. And then I think I was talking a little bit about appointing Jim Sabia, who is our beer marketing guy, historically to the position of Chief Marketing Officer for the whole company. So, I think that that’s what was cut out. And then on Modelo Especial, I think that I was saying that we had double-digit depletions in Q1 and so we see everything to be all good with Modelo Especial. Like some other brands, March was a bit dicey in the beer industry as a general proposition, especially in California in our largest market, but I think that the good news there is that we outperformed everybody else probably to the same extent that we have in the past and we saw everything bounce back. And if you look at Modelo Especia’s latest IRI, it’s up 20%. So, we just don’t see anything there that’s indicative that our Mexican beer portfolio will perform in accordance with our guidance and in fact, we think it’s performing above – a bit above our expectations at the current time. So, we are very optimistic in general about hitting both the beer guidance and the wine and spirits guidance. I will just talk a moment about the wine side of the business, which first quarter was weaker than we would have liked on the depletion front and that was largely due to a couple of factors, really two factors, number one, strong finish to last year, so I think that there was some timing there and some borrowing perhaps at retail from the first quarter, but nothing untoward and I think that we will see that made up as we go forward here. I think we will see depletions fundamentally performing at sort of the historical level and you have been looking sort of the 12-week or the 52-week and sort of see what that is. And then last year we had – we ran ourselves out of Meiomi and I say ran ourselves out of it was really due to the fact that sales were so stellar that we ran out of Meiomi and then we rebuilt that pipeline in the first quarter, as you recall we have like this, why are we good first quarter last year in wine and spirits. And so we are overlapping that still, which also accounted for some of the performance below expectations on wine and spirits for the first quarter, but we don’t really see that necessarily impacting the whole year and we see the wine and spirits business performing in line with the market as we have been saying for quite a long time now and we don’t see any real chinks in that armor. There is nothing happening with our brands that is contrary to what’s been happening in the past. And in fact, we have got a lot of really strong marketing programs that are hitting strong promotional programs that are hitting our innovation pipeline on the wine and spirits side. I think it’s the strongest than it’s ever been. So, we are optimistic on wine and spirits as well.
Rob Sands: So, Bill, we don’t really plan ACV quite that specifically in terms of the numbers. So all I really say is I think that the numbers that I quoted were above what we expected, which basically means that we had more, even better retail take-up than we expected. I mean, it’s sort of as simple as that. I’d say like whether it’s 300 basis points or 400 basis points or whatever and I think it would be sort of soft history to start talking about those numbers in hindsight. And then on the marketing, we did not pull it forward. We plan to do what we have done. In actuality, we thought that we had communicated that pretty specifically that we were going to be making significant investments behind the introduction of these new products in the first half of this year. We thought we had communicated that. And the only reason I’d say I thought we communicated that, I think that people seem a little surprised about it. But to be clear, we didn’t pull anything forward at all. We did exactly as we plan to do and there is no way around it, we have significant investment spending in the first quarter against these new products. The good news is, this is not a plan to invest money for some long-term – on some long-term basis that is immeasurable. We do think it’s a very, very good investment for the long-term, but in terms of seeing our return on this investment, we expect to see the return on this investment this year. So, that’s why – and we are seeing it and that’s why we are confident in the guidance and that’s why we were able to give the guidance that we gave in the first place, which we think is pretty robust performance for our company and for consumer goods company, I mean it still puts us, I mean, in a percentile that can hardly be measured. So, that’s basically the story.
Rob Sands: Yes, I would say that. And again I just reemphasized one thing in particular, which is we didn’t do anything. Our explanation is not that we did something this quarter that we were fully planning to do. We did what we plan to do and based on our internal expectations things performed as well as we expected if not better. So, we are on track for our guidance for the full year. I mean, I guess in the end, you can wait and see how the year turns out rolling in the first quarter.
Rob Sands: I would say, it’s pretty much pulling its consumers from across domestic premium as a general proposition. So I think that your characterization of it is probably correct meaning it’s – I think it’s probably pulling its consumers from domestic premium lights and that kind of makes sense when you think about it, because it’s a low calorie, low carbohydrate beer, I would say that it’s primary competition, Michelob, also continues to perform well. So, yes, I don’t think there is evidence that it’s pulling necessarily from there, but Mic Ultra and I think Corona Premier is pulling from the premium light is probably the bottom line. People are drinking the light beer in the first place, aren’t all of a sudden switching from non-light beer to light. There you made the decision that they weren’t going to drink light, so I think that the simple logic would suggest that this is a premium choice for the already health conscious and light consumer. That’s what I would believe.
Rob Sands: Sure. So, first of all, on Pacifico, Pacifico is almost in the vast, vast majority of it is very regional in largely Southern California. So, it was probably affected by the weather in Southern California in the earlier part of the quarter to a greater extent than others. If you look at the performance outside of Southern California, it continues to perform at double-digits. And in general, it’s looking very good. We see no real issue with Pacifico other than that. That market has been – was pretty weak in the first quarter and Pacifico was affected by it, but it continues to be a very strong brand that I think that we have very high hopes for and we don’t see anything dashing those of. Now, on the distributor question, number one I would say that we have the best distribution network in the country, we call it the Gold Network, we call it the Gold Network for a reason, because it’s like making gold, it’s as simple as that. The one change that we made in Southern California was the only one change. So I think that characterizing it as some kind of change in our distributor footprint in general or some kind of change in our philosophy of how we deal with or treat our distributor partners is simply incorrect, I think that it was kind of interesting news and there is a lot of pundits that we have a lot to say about it. But the fact of the matter is, is that it was one change in a market and the change made a lot of sense, because we were able in that particular market to give that territory to another one of our very important distributor partners. So, that change as I said made a lot of sense to us. Interestingly, I think that the trade press glossed over another change that we made, which I think is very significant and probably more significant, which is the fact that we gave our entire wine and spirits business in the Pacific Northwest, i.e., Washington and Oregon to our longtime beer distributor up there at Columbia, which I think is an interesting thing, because it is aligned with our total beverage alcohol strategy, not that, that’s necessarily something that we intend to do either on a broader base and so in either case, it’s just simply not appropriate to extrapolate what we did in either one of those cases necessarily to any broader, I’d say, point about the network other than what we did in those specific instances. So, we have a great relationship with our wholesalers. We are the company that’s really providing 100% of their growth in many cases now, especially as you see craft having slowed down a bit. And I have to say that the results that we have achieved in our beer business and that we continue to achieve in our beer business is in a large part due to the efforts and the investment and really the skill of what we call our Gold Network and those distributors. So, the only thing I would say is you can’t take one move and extrapolate it to mean anything whatsoever in a network that has 500 or 600 distributors across the entire United States, there is always something going on in stock market relative to the network. And I would say we have better relationships than anybody. I would say we will have better relationships than anybody and I would say that the network is completely intact and a very, very strong network. They may change the name of it from the Gold Network to the Platinum Network in fact.
Rob Sands: Okay. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining our call today. Let me just reiterate that our business prospects remain very strong and I’d like to reiterate that we are confident in achieving our full year goals as we are expecting a strong back half to the fiscal year. As the July 4 holiday approaches, I hope that everybody gets to enjoy some of our fine beer, wine and spirits products at your celebrations with family and friends. So, thanks everybody and have a fantastic rest of your summer.
David Klein: Yes. So, Bonnie, let me start out with GP margins in beer. So, GP margins in beer benefited from robust pricing and then that was offset by incremental depreciation which we had planned on as well as about 70 basis points drag from incremental freight and logistics costs as a result of a tighter trucking market in the U.S. It also was impacted by a headwind on FX meaning the peso. Now that may seem a little counterintuitive, but the weakening of the peso really happened at the very end of May and our production cycle is such that transactional FX benefits or headwinds actually don’t flow through for about 30 days. So, we didn’t get any benefits from the weakening peso at the GP line in Q1. We expect the remainder of the year to have a – to experience a tailwind from FX. We also have had several COGS improvement initiatives underway that we believe will offset the transportation headwinds that we are facing. We fully expect to expand GP margins in FY ‘19 versus FY ‘18. Now, I will also go on and talk about overall operating margins. So, in Q1, we had about 110 basis point headwind versus last year from the marketing investments that we made behind our brands in particular, Premier and Familiar. We expect in Q2 that we will spend about 10% to 11% of net sales on marketing, primarily because the brands are getting real good traction in the marketplace. As Rob outlined, the distribution performance has been astounding and we now want to make sure that we continue to drive increasing velocity on the shelf. However, we are still committed to being in that 9.5% to 10% marketing load for the full year. So, when you kind of do all of that math you get to the place where confidence in the top line understanding that we have a path to expanding GP margins and getting the timing right on our marketing investments that we are very confident that we will deliver both our top line and bottom line guidance in the beer business.
David Klein: So, I will start out and I will leave Rob to talk about the cannibalization, so yes, we, in our thinking about the rest of the year, we have fully internalized the effects of the transportation drag and expect to be able to cover it. From a pricing standpoint, we typically talk about being able to take price of 1% to 2% a year across the portfolio. We are seeing a fairly robust pricing environment in the high-end. I wouldn’t expect that we will go outside of our pricing range that 1% to 2% range, although that work is going on literally this month as our teams are working through pricing.
David Klein: So let me start with the last one first. So in terms of gross margin in Q2, we expect that some of – we will still have some transportation headwinds we actually expect instead of having an FX headwind will have a bit of an FX tailwind and we will get some of the operational benefits that I touched on earlier. So, any operating margin pressure in Q2 will really come from the incremental spend behind our brands that I talked about from a marketing standpoint being in that 10% to 11% range of net sales. We are working through our price increase process. Our revenue councils have been meeting working with our sales people to try to arrive at our pricing increase, which will take place in October, it will be announced before then. So, we see no changes on that front. And depletions I would say that 9% were quite strong, especially given the weather effects that we are seeing across the country, but in particular for us, in California, which is in our largest market. So, we are very happy with those depletion trends and we are feeling pretty bullish on the performance of that business throughout the remainder of the year.
David Klein: Yes, we don’t break it out to that level, but again, just generally and you can assume that March was soft in California, April was soft elsewhere in the country and May looked pretty strong, so.
David Klein: And Judy, there was no real meaningful effect on the drag on margins as a result of the new product launches. Those were quite smooth based upon some really good work out of our production folks.
David Klein: And on the COGS question, Tim, so last year we finished with gross margins in the wine business kind of just sub 45% and then coming out of Q1 where we are just above 43%. We expect to grow our gross margins year-over-year in the wine business, so yes, that implies a combination of mix improvements some work we have done from an overhead and operational standpoint as well as blend improvements, which are inclusive of grape costs.
David Klein: Yes, I am not sure as it relates across – as it ties out across our portfolio, but we can get back to you on that.
David Klein: Yes. So, there are really two components of FX was the small headwind to GP in Q1, but it was a larger headwind through at operating income, because we have as the peso weakened in the quarter and we have the reval or peso receivables with the biggest one being our VAT receivable, there was a reasonably sized SG&A drag on our beer business. So again, at the operating income line it was a larger drag than it was at the GP line. And then going forward we are about just over 80% hedged for the year at reasonably favorable rates and so actually the pace has been a bit volatile leading into the elections this weekend. So I would say it’s probably too early to say, but we know we had a headwind in the first quarter and we are pretty confident it’s a tailwind for the rest of the year and I guess the size will be determined on what happens maybe even in the election over the weekend.
