Robert S. Sands: Yes, Kaumil, this is Rob. We think that the current level of promotional spend is just about right. Obviously, it's driving the kind of growth that we want to achieve to meet our goals relative to growth in market share. And I would say that, in general, our view is that we're going to sustain the current level of promotional activity. And to your question, the market -- the wine market, in particular, is pretty sensitive to pricing and is therefore fairly elastic. So pulling back on promo would definitely have an impact on volume and growth. So our intention is to maintain our promotional levels and maintain our growth rates.
Robert S. Sands: As I said relative to the harvest, the harvest was actually significantly larger this year than last year. Last year was the short harvest. This year, it's a larger harvest and, at least, an average harvest relative to previous years. I think that grape prices are definitely up from the shorter harvest, and the fact that the industry is experiencing great growth, I would say that, yes, we might see some pricing in the $5 to $15 range, but we really haven't seen any yet.
Robert S. Sands: Well, if you look at what our strategic imperatives are at the current moment, Kaumil, it's really about NPD, driving growth. A lot of our NPD is in higher-price, higher-margin categories. So this is one of the ways that we're working on improving mix and margins. But in the wine category, we don't really see much of an upside in being a price leader because there are a lot of brands, and we really take sort of a market basket approach to looking at when pricing is appropriate. You really have to look at a bunch of brands, large and small players, to make that judgment. So the direct answer to your question is no. Being a price leader is not consistent with our strategic imperatives.
Robert S. Sands: Well, Judy, if you look at what our primary strategy is for growing profits, it's really about growing the business and our growing our volumes and growing market share. That's what should, in essence, generate profit growth as we go into 2014. So right now, we've got strong momentum. We're growing well, and I think that, that should translate into profit growth in 2014. We don't see any big puts and takes. Like everybody, there will be some cost pressures going into 2014 that will need to be offset, but we're looking at that at the current time. And the basic premise is pretty simple: grow the business, grow the profits.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. Well, first of all, the vast majority of our portfolio, Vivien, is premium-plus. So value is not -- we don't really play in the value category at all, which is the under $5. Right now, we're experiencing market share growth across pretty much the entire premium-plus category. Our strongest growth rate now, and this is merely what I'm saying is really factual, our strongest growth rate now is in the premium category, which is the $5 to $8 range, and we're seeing really, really strong growth in pretty much 3 brands that are driving that big time, which is Black Box, Rex Goliath and Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi, Woodbridge being one of the largest brands in the entire wine business. So that's very positive. A really good thing is that we're seeing market share gains in the super-premium category as well, which is really kind of one of the key sweet spots of the entire business, so call it $8 to $12. And we have made some really, really good progress there with reintroductions of our brands like Robert Mondavi, private selection with new packaging and new products. A lot of our NPD is in that super-premium category with things like -- Simply Naked is a good example of that. So we're really seeing strong growth there as well, and that's important because that's -- we have the largest market share of that particular category. We're also seeing good market share growth in the next category up, okay, $12 to $15, which is the ultra-premium category where some of our brands like Clos du Bois play and some of our new products like Dreaming Tree, Thorny Rose. So really, in the main part of the business, $5 to $15, we're taking share across all of the categories, and we're growing well in all of those particular price points. Luxury, we continue to grow well in as well. And there, it's a really small part of the business. It constitutes something like 3% of the total business. It's important to us. We've got great brands. In some cases, we're a bit volume constrained. And in that segment, especially in the $20 and above, which is not untypical, but again, we're getting good growth out of that as well.
Robert S. Sands: It's pretty simple, okay. About 2% depletion growth in the second quarter would have been 3% growth if -- around 3% or another percent if St. Pauli Girl was there and it wasn't. It's no more complicated than that.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. I think the dynamic is playing out very well. I mean, Corona is a big brand. It's the leading import brand in the United States. Corona Extra is back into growth, which is a testament to how strong the brand is. Modelo Especial is the third largest import brand in the United States, so probably the hottest -- significant beer brands, it's the hottest significant beer brand in the country today. Growing -- continuing to grow at strong double-digit rates, taking advantage of almost every positive trend that you can imagine, okay? Interest in Hispanic or Latin American product, the growth in the Hispanic population, which is going to be particularly strong, it is skewed almost entirely Hispanic. It's now growing in the general market. I fully expect Modelo Especial, basically, to become the next Corona. It's #2 in the c-store channel, which is the largest channel for beer at the current moment in time. At its current growth rate versus the competition, I fully expect in the next relatively short period of time, a couple of years, it will become the #2 import in the United States. And it's an exciting part of our portfolio. So that's how we think that, that's going to play out. We also have some very good growth in some of our other brands like Pacifico, which is really seeing some positive results on the West Coast in particular -- and Corona Light is the #1 imported light beer in the country, in the United States. So a lot of really good things. We've introduced draft in a number of our product lines, which is going really well. The Corona Familiar line extension, which is the 32-ounce bottle, is, I got to say, a huge hit, okay, bigger than we expected, which is helping to drive the Corona Extra growth. Great addition to that portfolio. And then we have some new products that we're introducing. Cider is hot right now. We've got a great new cider brand that we're introducing, Somersby. We expect that will be very favorable. The Victoria introduction over the last year, couple of years, has gone well. So the portfolio is working well on all fronts.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, I think that it potentially has that impact. I think that you'd see the overall growth rate in wine slowing down a little bit right now. Okay, I think that's definitely as a consequence of the below $5. But as you start looking at the growth rates of premium-plus, it's growing well. And, yes, I think that there could be a little bit of a shift there from premium varietals and below into premium-plus.
Robert S. Sands: Yes. I would say that you got to remember, we're a distant third volumetrically in the beer business. We're definitely not a price leader. And much like the wine business, our primary interests and strategic imperatives are on brand health and growth. So our pricing is pretty modest.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, it's pretty much finished. So in the first phase of that, we did about 60% of the business. In the second phase, which we've completed, we've -- that's another, call it, 8%, 9% of the business, 8% of the business, so we're up to about 70%. And the rest of it is not really -- there's not much we could do. There's a few states that we'll work out, but other -- there's really not much we could do because it's either control states where we have brokers and not distributors or it's franchise-law states where we can't make any move. So it's pretty much done.
Robert S. Sands: All right. Well thanks, everybody, for joining our call today. As I mentioned, we are very, very excited about the prospect of owning 100% of Crown Imports, the #1 beer importer in the United States. And I'm also very pleased with our operational execution so far this year. We're growing our market share for our respective wine, beer and spirits businesses. And as we are experiencing strong marketplace momentum across our entire product portfolio, and our new products and innovation initiatives continue to gain traction in the marketplace. Overall, we believe we are well-positioned for market execution during the upcoming holiday selling season and throughout the second half of the year. Our next quarterly conference call is scheduled after the New Year, so please be sure to enjoy some of our great products during the upcoming holiday season. Thanks again, everybody, for your participation.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Judy. I'd say for the second quarter, the great preponderance of sales increase is due to volumes. Because really, the only pricing that will be reflected in the second quarter will be that pricing that we took last year in the fall when the beer category generally goes up, which was not a big pricing level. So I'd say in the second quarter, again, most of the increase was volume. Now as you know, the beer category generally prices in like the October time frame, after the peak summer season. And we did take some pricing. It differs by region. It differs by SKU because, as you know, the beer category is very local. We have different competitors, different price points in the different geographies. And generally, like wine, Crown has really never considered itself a price leader because the domestic guys are so much larger. So we just, like wine, react to the competitive landscape, and we're doing nothing different in beer pricing as far we approach the market than we have in historic years.
Robert P. Ryder: Sure. So as far as -- and thank you on the compliment for our free cash flow generation. And as you know, what we've done with it, we've paid down a lot of debt. And we've actually bought back, I think, almost 25% of our outstanding shares at a price way below where we're currently traded. So Rob and I are pretty happy about that. The shareholders would be as well. I think you're right, generally speaking. And as we know, the Crown deal hasn't closed, but pro forma free cash flow, full run rate with 100% of beer and wine as it currently exists, that number should start with a 6, so it should be $600 million, a little bit more than that. As far as how that could accelerate, I think we've done -- our wine guys, both the finance guys and the operations guys, have really done a great job of reducing our net working capital investments. There is some of that going forward, but I'd say the wide majority of that is behind us. So I would say probably the biggest driver for improved free cash flow going forward will be earnings growth. That's where most of it will come from. And, of course, as you know, cash taxes have been very low as well. Our tax guys have done a fantastic job there, and that's helped ramp up free cash flow growth. So that's always a big driver. And again, going forward, we would assume kind of a more normal kind of cash tax rates. But we still think, with all that being said, the number should start with a 6. And most of the growth from that, I think, should come from earnings growth. And as far as what we're going to do with the cash, I think as we said, right now the focus will be mostly pay down debt. When the Crown deal closes, and we're very confident that it will, we'll probably be at an EBITDA leverage ratio of around 4.5. That's higher than we would like. Generally speaking, it would take us about 12 months to get that under 4. So I think the primary focus that we will have will be debt paydown. But should M&A tuck-in acquisitions come up, we might look at them. And we haven't ruled out additional share buybacks because we still have $700 million remaining on our $1-billion board authorization. So I think as we look out to the medium term, I think there could be a dividend on the radar screen because, as you know, we've never paid a dividend. We're the only player in beverage alcohol that did not pay a dividend. There, I think should there -- when the Crown deal closes, we're a very different company, more mature, more diversified, much better free cash flow. And, I mean, that cash flow actually right now is, even pro forma with Crown, is generating about a 10% fee cash flow yield on the stock. So we feel we have ample opportunity to do very good things with that cash to help enhance shareholder returns.
Robert P. Ryder: So -- okay. So there's 2 questions. I'd say the input costs, as everyone knows, wine -- the grape wine that we make ages for a while with some tender loving care. So, generally speaking, the whites come out maybe 12 to 16 months after the harvest. The reds, maybe 6 months after that. So we will start seeing some of the impact from last year's more expensive harvest start coming through in the back half of this year, but most of that will happen next year. And then the more expensive harvest this year will be yet another 12 months out. And regarding how you look at margins in the face of those increased costs per ton, Rob touched on that, pricing in the wine category is very competitive. So we said we won't be a price leader. We'll keep a close eye on what the industry is doing, pricing-wise, and we'll try to react, again, to try to balance between volume and market share and EBIT. And we'll also look at other areas. Fortunate for us, 2 or 3 years ago, our operations guys really started on a really vibrant plan to reduce cost throughout our wineries. And we've consolidated bottling wines. We've closed wineries. We've taken a hard look at oak barreling. We've taken a hard look at wine blend, a hard look at how long we age the wines, always with wine quality as the #1 priority. But we have found some opportunities to reduce cost. And I think those strategies, which were a lot of work and impacts the wine in the tank, will help us offset some of the inflation that we've seen in the cost per ton for grapes.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I mean, sure. What we do in our geographies is we have relatively medium- to long-term grape -- glass contracts. The glass industry is very consolidated on a global basis. And generally speaking, our glass contracts are kind of bifurcated. You have a cost, and then that goes kind of -- one piece of the cost goes kind of up with kind of a CPI kind of index. And then we call out the impact of natural gas on the glass price, and then we can decide whether to hedge or not hedge. So it's -- probably, there's been inflation on the core glass, but as you know, natural gas prices have come down, so that's helping offset some of that other inflation.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. I mean, generally speaking, right now -- and this is guidance that we gave out before the Crown deal came up. Our guidance now is to have our optimal leverage ratio between 3 and 4x, which is pretty much where we've been running. I think for the last few years or so, we've been right in the middle there. I think when the Crown deal closes, we may reassess that because we've got a lot more free cash flow and a very consistent cash flow stream from Crown. But I don't think we'll be far off. We'll probably narrow that range because 3 to 4x is pretty broad. That's why we said, right now, we're at about 3.5. When Crown closes, we'll be at about 4.5x. And within 12 months, we can get that number down closer in between 3.5 and 4x. So -- because we'll have all that beer cash flow coming in and we continue a good job on generating cash flow on wine.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, the volume pull-forward, it's kind of a shift from Q3 to Q2. And it was probably worth just slightly less than half the volume growth that we experienced in the quarter. And it's a tough thing because you're kind of comparing -- it's very subjective calculation, let's put it that way, because you're comparing something that really didn't exist, how much did people pre-order, it's kind of a judgmental call. But we'd say, I think, beer grew 8% in the quarter. It was probably 2% to 4% of that growth was probably the volume pull-forward. And as I said, that we'll mollify the growth that we would have experienced in Q3. So this kind of moved from Q3 to Q4. St. Pauli Girl, from an absolute volume perspective, annually, was probably 1.5 million to 2 million cases, right? So you'd say, "Gee, that's not a big number to 170 million cases." But from a growth perspective, right, it went to 0 this quarter. And so it probably held back our growth by about 1% for the quarter.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, so I'd say -- correct. So -- and that is part of my first-half, back-half story. So there was onetime income in the second quarter. Roughly speaking, because if you saw for the second quarter, EBIT grew a lot faster than sales for the Crown business. If you strip out that St. Pauli anomaly, I'd probably say income probably grew pretty much in line with net sales. And in the back half, of course, we don't have the St. Pauli Girl volume which we had in the back half of last year. And of course, we won't replicate that onetime payment. So that's why the second half for beer won't be as strong -- one of the reasons the second half won't be as strong as the first half.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. My guess is it will probably be around 5%. It's -- I can't do the math in my head, but you're adding the incremental debt at 3% to 3.5%. And right now, we're just under 6%. So you just have to do the weighted average on that.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I'd say from a -- look, as I said, our tax guys have done a great job over the last 4 to 5 years. And generally speaking, a 30% effective tax rate is kind of where we've been around. We're primarily a U.S. business. And actually, we have a lot of presence in high tax states. A lot of the tax benefits that you've seen over the last few years were due to our international business. Our international footprint, of course, is much diminished versus prior years. So I'd say medium, long-term going forward, our tax rate would get up closer to kind of a U.S. statutory tax rate, which is more in the, say, 37%, 38% kind of range.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, so sorry for this complexity. I'll try to make this answer not too long. St. Pauli Girl wasn't a big piece for us, but when something goes from something to 0, it hurts growth. But the other thing to remember -- so Crown had just over 2% depletion growth for the second quarter. But the other thing to remember, if everyone remembers in Q1 -- this is a total beer industry kind of thing. Q1, the beer industry saw really high growth. I think the beer category in IRI was something like 8% or 9%. I think Crown in the first quarter was something like 12% or 13%. I think some of that was timing, Q1 versus Q2. So I think for the full year, what we're seeing is Crown should grow its top line around 3% to 4%. St. Pauli Girl -- Crown has just under 170 million cases. Crown -- or St. Pauli Girl was between 1.5 million and 2 million cases, and St. Pauli Girl did exist in the first quarter but not in the last 3. So that's kind of how the numbers pan out.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Mark, we're not giving guidance for next year yet, so I'm just kind of giving a medium- to longer-term number.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, yes, I mean because we gave 34% guidance. And now we're going 30% guidance. "Surprised" probably isn't the right word. Our tax guys are always working on a lot of different things, and they all have different probabilities and they all have different timing aspects. So I'd say, certain of the planning opportunities moved up in timing and got better on probabilities.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. So there is, Lauren, some marketing timing expense for Crown front half versus back half. And remember, first quarter, we actually had some negative marketing impact. We took more marketing expense this year than last year. Second quarter, that was kind of the opposite. And in the back half, I think we will see an increase in marketing spend, mostly in the third quarter. We also have some selling days differences. The back half of this year has more selling days than the front half as compared to last year, right? So actually it's the other way around, right? So the front half of the year had more selling days than the back half, so that will hurt the back half. And we also have some SG&A timing front half versus back half. So net-net, a reasonable amount of noise through quarter movements. But net-net, the beer business is doing better than we originally anticipated, which is why we have increased the full year guidance from low single-digit growth to mid-single-digit growth.
Robert P. Ryder: That would just be the difference that's in the back of the press release for comparable items. It's year-over-year comparable items, right, so it gets a little complex.
