Bill Newlands: Well, Lauren, we're actually very optimistic that we'll continue to see strong Corona Extra performance. Obviously, as you point out, it was a very pleasant situation for us this past fiscal year, and it significantly outperformed than we expected. But we also have a lot of other priorities in the Corona brand family, as you know. As I stated in my remarks, we expect Premier to be a heavy focus both in the on-premise as well as building out our distribution capabilities in the off-premise. So we're just trying to be sort of aware that we're going to have a lot of overall work across the family, but we expect to continue to see Corona Extra be a continuing growth driver in our overall business.
Bill Newlands: So relative to your question on price, we certainly understand the question, a lot behind it. So let me remind you how we price. We price on a SKU-by-SKU basis, market-by-market basis, and we're going to continue to do it that way. We also are probably a bit more judicious on price, and perhaps we could be. The reality is we need to be sensitive to our consumers. It's a challenging time for consumers across many, many industries. And it's our view that this is not the time to try to put extra burden out on one of the critical things that many people have in their basket, which happens to be our beers. So we're a bit probably more judicious than we might be able to be, but we think this is in the long-term interest. We always say it's a whole lot easier to keep your consumer than to lose them and have to reacquire them. And that's part of what drives our thinking.
Bill Newlands: You bet, Bonnie. Fortunately, so far, things are holding up very well. One of the things that I've seen over the course of my career in the alcoholic beverage business, is many, many times, when there is recessionary environments, consumers are still interested in our category and almost view it as a small luxury that they can still experience where they might pass on buying a new refrigerator or something that's a bigger purchase. If they're having personal challenges, they still want to engage in some things that they enjoy in their life. And fortunately, our category is one of those. So so far, this continues to hold. And I think it speaks directly to my answer to Dara a minute ago, which is trying to be sensitive to our consumer and to make sure that that we continue to provide our great products to them at pricing that's reasonable given a tough environment.
Bill Newlands: Yes, you bet. So I'll just remind you what I said earlier, which is we look at pricing on a SKU-by-SKU basis and a market-by-market basis. So it's not any individual brand, let's say, where we focus on pricing. It's really on a SKU by SKU, brand by brand. And so there's not in generality, as to your question, on a particular brand. Relative to Modelo, as I also stated earlier, one of our biggest arteritis is really on-premise draft. We're the #5 player in on-premise draft. We're only 11% penetration nationally in that particular format. That's a great opportunity for us to expand our reach, particularly on Modelo Especial. And interestingly enough, it was only beaten out of its growth last year by Pacifico, which I guess is not the worst thing. But certainly, Modelo, we think, has a great opportunity to continue to expand its reach, particularly as we continue to see much greater penetration in non-Hispanic households that's going to be both the on-premise and the off-premise numbers that both you and I quoted earlier.
Bill Newlands: I think it largely depends on the sector of the wine business in which we're discussing. As you know, mainstream is actually down, although we're gaining share in a down market. And that's the way we think about it. Let's gain share in the mainstream of the business. On the other hand, as you move up the price ladder, you're seeing significant acceleration, and many of our brands are performing extremely well, and it does give us some opportunity to increase our pricing and doing probably even a better job of covering some of the inflationary increases that we see in the beer business.  So I think you should expect them to see a bifurcated answer where we need to be sensitive to what the marketplace is giving us in the mainstream but there's probably some opportunity as you look at the premium and up sections to be a little bit more aggressive in the pricing arena.
Bill Newlands: Obviously, the seltzer market has developed very differently than what we had anticipated. And frankly, it's been more of a challenge than what we had anticipated as well. As you know, this year, we're doing a number of things. We're repackaging, as we said, in prior quarters. We are getting much more focused on where we bring differentiated products rather than me-too products into that particular sector. But we still feel that, that's going to be a growth segment of the overall beer business, and we're going to participate in it. So relative to lessons learned, I think a couple of things are always important. It's important to test. We're obviously doing tests as it relates to our Modelo franchises to make sure that we have consumer propositions that are best of class and that are going to win with consumers. And we're going to continue to operate under that approach going forward.
Bill Newlands: Robert, you definitely put your finger on a benefit of the scenario that the seltzer business has not been quite what we expected, which is -- it's very mix-accretive. So the more beer we sell, the better the mix. So that's the flip side of the seltzer business for us is not developed quite the way we had anticipated, as you point out. I think you make a very good point relative to shelf space. One of the things that occurred during the pandemic is many retailers just didn't redo their shelves to the degree that we would have expected or that you would see on a typical annual basis. And there's no question that the growth profile of our overall portfolio not only demands but really should have more shelf space. So this is going to be a critical part of what our sales organization is driving for this year, is to broaden our reach and package sizes and depth within stores.  I mentioned the Shopper-First Shelf initiative, which we actually had a pretty good year on last year. We expect to extend that this year. It's good for the category, it’s good for us. So a lot of work will be done on that very topic this year, as you point out. And we think it will be in everyone's interest, ours plus the retailer, to give our brands more shelf space. They've earned it.
Bill Newlands: You bet. So just relative to your question about the Sands proposal, we've been advised that transactions of this nature typically takes 60 to 90 days. Beyond that, it's really out of our hands. The management is not involved in the discussion, the discussions between the Sands family and the special committee of the independent directors of the Board. So I don't have the exact answer to that question, believe that by 60 to 90 days is very typical. So we shall see. Relative to the start of the year, I think everybody recognized January was a bit of a tough month. It was for every -- I think everybody in the industry. A little bit of that was where New Year's fell, there were weather events, Super Bowl got pushed out an extra week versus what it was the year before. But I think the exciting part for us is it was a very, very strong February, and as I responded to Nik 2 questions ago, March has been very strong as well in the start of our fiscal year. So I don't think there's anything that's overarching as an issue within the category but certainly not as it relates to our business. We continue to be very pleased with how our brands are performing. And as Garth pointed out in his prepared remarks, we've gotten our inventories back in the right position. So brands like Pacifico, which we were a little challenged for a while on brown glass, we have gotten through that. Some of those kinds of things, which were sort of detrimental to an otherwise very strong performance here, we've now fixed. So we're in a much better position heading into this fiscal year than we were last year where there were just a lot of extraneous things that were not helpful to us.
Bill Newlands: Sure. Let me touch on the second piece first. We're still very pleased with the development, particularly at the higher end of our Wine business. As Garth pointed out, we had 2 or 3 one-off items that were a bit challenging based around the distributor transition that occurred last year and some sale of smoke tainted wine from prior years. If you would exclude those things, we're in a growth profile for our wine business, and that's being driven by the higher end. The work that Robert Hanson and the rest of the team have done to refocus our attention towards the high end in the growth sector of the wine business I think is exactly what we expected to do. It's the strategy we began and undertook a couple of years ago, and we're continuing to execute against it. So despite the significant headwinds, as I said earlier, in the mainstream sector of the business, we're very pleased with how things are developing at the higher end. And we're comfortable that our longer-term algorithm of 2% to 4% in the wine business will be achieved sooner rather than later.
Bill Newlands: I think relative to the second piece of that, there's no question that there's obviously been an inflation, which is making a bit of that more challenging than what it had been prior. But I would like to point out something related to what Garth said in his prepared remarks, which is we've been very judicious, and thank you, Vivien, for your comment about our careful capital allocation. But I think this is a great example of it, we made 3 small purchases in the Wine & Spirits business almost entirely funded by the sale of one of our venture businesses, which was sold at a significant increase versus what we paid. So again, I think this begins to reflect a very judicious view of how we think about capital allocation and it’s very consistent with what we've promised externally. We do believe that we are going to see significant success going forward, particularly at the higher end of the business. I think the only thing that's going to potentially challenge that or be a challenge to it is where the mainstream business goes. As I said earlier, that's in the category that's been declining, and we're gaining share. So we're still winning in that category, but it's a tougher segment of the category. Certainly, we expect high single digits growth profile or even better at the higher end portion of our business. And you're seeing that in brands like Kim Crawford, Meiomi and the Prisoner and High West. So I think, over time, you're going to be pleased with what you see in the profile of our wine business. And this year will be a continued step in that direction.
Bill Newlands: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. In closing, I want to reiterate that I'm extremely proud of what our team accomplished in fiscal '22. We delivered strong financial results, continued to launch consumer-led innovation and reinforced our efforts to making a positive impact on our communities and the environment. Our beer business extended its leadership position with its 12th consecutive year of volume growth, and we are confident in our ability to maintain this momentum in fiscal '23. Over the medium term, we continue to see a strong runway for growth, supported by favorable industry trends for our portfolio and our ongoing investments in brewery capacity expansions. Our Wine & Spirits business also delivered solid performance in fiscal '22 with organic net sales growth and gross margin improvement. We are enhanced -- focused on consumer-led premiumization continued to yield benefits as our high-end brands outpaced the overall U.S. Wine & Spirits category.  Overall, we remain bullish on the future performance of our business, in our ability to deliver value for our shareholders, as reflected in our announcement of a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program.  Again, I thank you all for joining today. We look forward to speaking with you in late June during our next quarterly call. And before then, we hope you will certainly choose some of our fine products for your Cinco de Mayo and Memorial Day celebrations. Thank you very much again. Have a great day, everybody.
Garth Hankinson: Thanks, Dara. I'll take the first part of that question on margin and then Bill will comment on pricing. So as we started selling in the second half of last year, the inflationary environment, obviously, have gotten a little bit deeper and more protracted than anyone expected. And so that's why we were focused in January as to the facts we're going to be facing some additional headwinds this coming year. Typically, we're seeing inflationary increases on a year-over-year basis in that kind of low to mid-single-digit range. And this year, we're expecting them in the high single digit to low to mid-double-digit range. You're seeing that across things like glass, which is our biggest component in beer, which is up 6%. Cartons are up 17%. Crowns were up 26%. Wood pallets are up 35%. So costs are definitely under pressure for sure. That being said, we think that we're fairly well positioned as we enter into the year. To be very proactive around this, we've gotten more aggressive with our hedging policy or our hedging practices, I should say. We typically enter a year somewhere hedged in the neighborhood of sort of 50% to 60% on any given line. But this year, we've taken a more defensive posture to make sure that we're really protecting the P&L. As we enter the year this year, we're hedged at about 75% on aluminum, 70% on natural gas, 60% on the core and 90% of diesel. So we're in a pretty good spot. That being said, as you articulated, there's a lot of volatility around commodities, and that's where we're watching as we go through the year, and we're being opportunistic to layer and even been further hedges as we see weaknesses on a day-to-day basis. So we think we're in pretty good shape. But certainly, there's still some exposure just given the depth and the duration of the inflationary environment we're currently in.
Garth Hankinson: Sure. Thanks, Kaumil. Look, we're going to use the same approach this year that we used last year, which is we're going to use all sort of the tools that are available to us to buy back the shares that we need to buy back in order to meet our obligations. So last year, we used an ASR in the second quarter. We also took advantage of a 10b5 and 10b18 program. So we're going to do that for the -- we can optimize the timing of the -- of our repurchases as well as appropriately dollar cost averaging, dollar cost average out here to make sure we get the best value for this. And we opted to use the ASR in the first quarter because we're going to get the benefits earlier in the year. And also, I think that it's a good time for us to buy it.
Garth Hankinson: Nik, this is Garth. I'll take the first part, and then I'll turn it over to Bill. I think it speaks for itself that Constellation is fully aware of and comprise all of our obligations under state and federal securities laws. And relative to your question of how March was, Nik, we're pleased that it's at least consistent with our annual algorithm despite huge comps that we faced in March of last year. So we're pretty pleased that we got off to a good start.
Garth Hankinson: Yes, sure. So on the operating profit margin question, yes, so we are coming in at 28% to 29%. The difference between operating margin and EBIT is the addition of our -- what we take in from equity earnings and Opus One.
Garth Hankinson: And relative to your first -- the first part of your question, if I understood it correctly, you're pointing out that, in Q4, we had sort of a 4% points of pricing and whether or not that's going to continue. Our outlook for next year assumes that we're going to get our -- more in line with our typical 1% to 2% pricing. So that's sticking in line with our normal outlook.
