Bob Ryder: Sure. As you saw we did have good beer margin – I am sorry, wine margin performance in the quarter and we expect that to continue for the full year. As you know, we just changed our guidance to be at the low end of sales growth and high end of EBIT growth which means that we will see margin expansion this year. On a long-term basis, we still expect the line segment to maintain margins. I think there were some positive outcomes this year mostly around cost of goods sold which are really helping recover margins from the last few years’ erosion. But I wouldn’t expect big margin expansion in the wine segment going forward. But we do expect to at least maintain margins.  And I think around EBITDA and free cash flow, we continue to -- as you know, we’re spending a ton of money in the beer segment which we're quite happy to do because return on capital in that segment is north of 40%. So it’s a very quick payback and the EBITDA growth of the total company will be growing well in excess of the capital spending growth, even though capital spending is going up so much and again a lot of that's driven by the beer segment the phenomenal EBITDA growth there. So I think in line with what we've been saying over the last two years, as we have pretty good visibility to getting our EBITDA leverage below four times, I would say that the number one agenda item for use of free cash flow is returning it to shareholders and probably at the top of that list would be an initiation of a dividend. We’re one of the few people certainly with our financial profile and in beverage alcohol and consumers in general -- consumer products in general they don't have a dividend and we’re quite confident that this really good free cash flow generation will continue. So wee will probably be looking for dividend in the very near future. 
Bob Ryder: Yes, we’re still studying it. We are taking some good outside advice. But I would probably expect us to start on the lower side in order to give us a lot of room for increases. But we will look at the normal things like payout ratios, and because we expect our EBITDA to grow mostly behind beer to grow so robustly over the next few years, right, if you kind of set a payout ratio and your net income keeps going up we should have room to increase it. But we probably start out at the lower end. 
Bob Ryder: The $20 million was included in the GAAP results but we excluded from comparable earnings. And the reason we do this, when we – none of our commodity hedges qualify for hedge accounting and we are hedging three years out. So you would see a lot of volatility in a quarter because you’d be marking to market almost 3 years of hedges every quarter, right? So we’re kind of putting that stuff in non-comparable earnings. It’s still in the press release, so you can see it. But we think it would kind of confuse the financial statement reader if we saw that in comparable results every quarter. And this quarter not surprisingly because of the rapid fall in fuel prices when we marked to market our diesel hedges there were losses and was about $20 million for the quarter. 
Bob Ryder: Yes, absolutely. So sorry, I might have missed out last point. We will bring the gains or losses on these hedge contracts into comparable earnings when the contracts are settled. So to your point if diesel fuel prices don't change, this $20 million loss will come into the comparable results and we will allocate it to the individual segments based on their usage of fuel and because there's a lot more cases the majority of our fuel hedges are for the beer segment, although there are some for the wine segment as well. 
Bob Ryder: So good question. So in the beer segment and look, in the grand scheme of things we're very much a North American business and actually very much a US business and in the grand scheme of things we are a net importer. So a strong dollar will help us in the grand scheme of things. Now as you can see this quarter from a translation perspective there's some hurt because the Canadian dollar is devaluing versus the US dollar. So we translate Canadian earnings, that was about a 1% hurt to our sales.  On the peso specifically, our peso exposed costs are as you said Mexican labor, which is an enormous piece of our total cost of goods sold. But it's a relatively large piece and also as we spend capital, those capital costs by and large get capitalized in pesos. So the depreciation on those will also be exposed to foreign exchange, although that’s not necessarily cash because it's depreciation. So net, net the strong dollar will help us versus a Mexican import cost. That also being said we do hedge our transaction currencies. So we aren't 100% exposed to those peso costs because we will have some hedges going out. But net, net a strong dollar versus the peso helps us. 
Bob Ryder: So the increase in beer is –because depletions are pretty much within our guidance, right, of like high single digits and actually depletion growth has been very consistent. The impressive thing is there is sequential improvement because Q3 and Q4 is overlapping higher growth last year. So we’re very happy with the top line. The reason for the increase in guidance is more so around the net sales increase and a lot of that is driven by the distributors bringing inventories back in line with historical levels.  Regarding the economy, hey, look, any time the consumer has more money in their pocket, it's better for consumer product companies. Now whether we benefit more than other companies, I am not sure but it's certainly better to have more money in consumers’ pockets than less. 
Bob Ryder: So Judy, we would all be disappointed if you didn't ask a beer margin question. So thank you for restoring our faith. So I would say gross margin for the wine business was pretty consistent year-over-year. So yes, the majority of the reduction in operating margin was due to our SG&A ramp up -- beer was due to our SG&A ramp up. As we get off our transition services agreement we start stepping up in beer segment. We are maintaining the 32% operating profit margin for the beer segment for the year. So this is in line with what we expected.  Regarding the glass contracts, they really won’t start to impact us until next fiscal year and even then the big impact is when we get our own furnaces up and when we get our own production up. So I wouldn't expect glass to have an enormous impact on margins in fiscal ‘16 either. It's more a longer dated than that.
Bob Ryder: Well, it’s a combination of things. And we don't hedge a 100%, so and we hedge, I will say, a smaller percent of our exposure in outer years. So we would hedge the most in the next 12 months and then month 12 to 24 will be lower percentage. So we will benefit for the unhedged piece, so we will benefit from that, right, because we’re pretty much paying the spot rate. The negative is the mark to market on the hedges and when those hedges get closed out, we will see that loss in our comparable earnings. 
Bob Ryder: I think we’re pretty much where we expected. We’d expect to be right around that 4.0 range at the end of the year. And you’d have to see how our free cash flow comes in which we of course haven’t even finished our plan next year but a lot of that will be dependent upon what quarter we spend a lot of the beer capital. But probably my guess is a lot of our deleveraging will occur in the back half of next year but we would expect to be below four times in fiscal ’16, by the end of fiscal ’16. And as our planning process comes through, we will get better visibility to it by quarter.
Bob Ryder: We’ve kind of made it magic I guess. Look, in all these discussions there's a lot of variables but we have to pick kind of one coefficient in the equation of fixed and what we’ve said is it’s the EBITDA leverage. And we’ve said we will begin reassessing returning cash to shareholders, because as you know we’ve been one of the more aggressive people in our space but we’ve done it exclusively through stock buybacks, when we bought back about 20% of our shares, under 20 bucks a share. We still have 750 million available under our board authorization. But I think what we have said now, since a lot has happened since we stopped our – since we put the stock buyback program on hiatus, that dividend will now trump stock buyback. And what we’ve said is when we have really good visibility to getting below four times and staying there, that's when we start assessing the dividend and as we’ve all said that looks like it will be in fiscal ’16. So we’ll probably be talking about it for our fiscal ‘16 guidance.
Bob Ryder: And by the way, just on that note, I am reminded that we did have a pretty significant negative translation impact in Canada due to currency but as you are well aware that is largely accounting as a consequence of the strong dollar and the weak Canadian dollar, and that business being a largely domestic business. 
Bob Ryder: You know, forex was worth about a percent, international was worth about a percent. So that would turn wine I guess from a negative 4 to a negative 2. 
Bob Ryder: So on beer pricing as we talked most of the category pricing happens happens in the fall and I think that, that pretty much progressed on plan. We aren't necessarily correlating pricing to our ABI inflation. We’re at a higher level there. And you can see what's happening in the category in pricing if you look at IRI, if you look at Nielsen, regarding marketing, there’s some timing. So beer marketing is up every quarter, it's up year-over-year. For this quarter, marketing as a percentage of sales in beer probably came down. That being said, to your point, we are – NFL is one of our heaviest properties for advertising. So we would expect that to ramp up in the fourth quarter and we expect marketing as a percentage of sales in beer for the full year to be up but we feel that that more than pays for itself as you can see with the results on the top line.  For wine and spirits, we’re also increasing marketing. In the third quarter we increased it and we expect to increase it again in the fourth quarter, as Rob said mostly around our already successful focus brands, really slimmed-down version of focus brands like Kim Crawford, Mark West, brands like that, that have been very successful and we’ve seen positive response and we feel that there's a pretty good payoff for increasing marketing against those brands. So we are continuing to invest in our brands, we’re just working right. I mean certainly in beer we’re growing well ahead of the category and wine didn’t have the greatest quarter. But we're still investing in the brands and those brands have had very good results and have responded pretty well to the marketing investments. 
Bob Ryder: So Corona has been pretty consistent. Corona Extra has been growing nicely in the low single digits and I'd say as far as channels, the total on premise for beer has -- is negative, it's been shrinking. But we're gaining share in that channel. I'd say total on-premise we’re growing low single digits as well. All our brands are but a lot of that is Corona.
Bob Ryder: I mean what we've said, this year we’ve given a 32% operating profit guidance which is up about a 100 basis points off last year's, I’ll call it kind of comparable, right, because we had a lot of activity last year, I would – we’re not -- we haven't finished our own internal fiscal ‘16 look but we’ve given guidance for the total beer segment, that will get up in the mid 30%, I would probably expect that to be more backend loaded as the total brewery and the additional furnaces come online more so like fiscal ’17, fiscal ’18 kind of timeframe. 
Bob Ryder: I mean they are growing, they are gaining share. Specifically Pacifico is our largest draft account and we’re being aggressive on the draft expansion and the marketing and sales guys in beer are very confident around Pacifico, it has enormous distribution opportunity and has a unique brand personality which we’re just beginning to advertise. So both of those brands we’re growing low to mid single digits and we would expect that to continue into the future. 
Bob Ryder: Yes, Victoria, for the full year, Victoria we might sell like 2 million case or something but it’s growing very very fast. But we also think that look, right now consumers are very focused on authenticity and Victoria is probably the most -- it's probably the oldest most authentic Mexican brand out there. So we think that will really resonate with consumers as we really start to grow that brand and focus on it.
Bob Ryder: I would say that -- I would expect that to continue to ramp up because we have to build our own purchasing department, our own engineering department. Even from a commercial perspective you’re going depletions 8%, right, you’re going to have to invest more in your sales infrastructure, your marketing infrastructure. So I would expect those to continue to increase. Now on top of that we also have inflation which was contractual from InBev around our finished goods supply and our raw material supply. So we can’t really give numbers on that but there is a lot of moving pieces but I’d say if we move up in altitude, we still expect our beer segment to get to industry-leading operating profit margins when a lot of these moving pieces sell down. 
Bob Ryder: Probably it’s been growing mid single digits. So now what I will say on Modelo Especial, it’s expanding distribution, yes but it's also growing what I’ll call per capita consumption. So in cities, take Los Angeles where it’s very well established with the Hispanic consumer, it continues to grow even where it is. So it's got both, I’ll say per cap consumption opportunity and expansion opportunity. 
Bob Ryder: We don't have an enormous exposure to the, I’ll say, under $5 at retail, we have maybe two or three significant brands down there and I will say they are a strong part of the portfolio and by and large they have pretty good margin profiles. But if opportunities cropped up, or if we feel that’s the right thing to do we pursue it. But I wouldn’t say we have any huge plans right now to do that.
Bob Ryder: Sure. So I will handle those, they’re kind of financial – so spirits in total has very similar economics to wine as far as margins. Tequila specifically for us, now it's very small number of cases, we expect it to grow but it's very small. But it is at the higher price points – it will be by far the highest price point within our spirits portfolio. So it will have a better margin profile but I wouldn’t expect it to move the needle because it is so small in the near-term. And we don't -- we will look at wine and spirits similarly and they both have very healthy margins that can afford reasonable amount of marketing and sales investments against them.  If I turn to beer inventories, I’d say we saw a pretty big increase in our distributors’ inventories in the third quarter as they get closer to replenish to historic levels. We will most likely see that continue into the fourth quarter but we expect them to be at a pretty good back to normal trends by the end of the fourth quarter. So then we would expect as we go forward for more like shipments and depletions to be more in line with each other as we enter fiscal ‘16 and beyond.  End of Q&A
Rob Sands: Yes, Dara, number one, we have seen very strong growth in our draft business, about 40% growth and we’ve actually seen very little cannibalization with the draft business. We’ve introduced it with brands like Corona Light and in actuality not only is there not cannibalization but when we put Corona Light draft in a on-premise establishment we tend to see a pickup in the bottle or can product in the area around it, because it's really marketing. So we've expanded our Corona Light draft into, for instance, three new markets and we've also been testing Corona in draft as well and are again having extremely positive results seeing you almost no cannibalization of our glass product when we put draft in, although we’re being very careful about that because we want to fully understand what the impact is.  Cans, same thing, great can growth, great can opportunity, represents obviously a very large portion of the market that we haven't participated in. Cans are purchased for consumption in cases where glass can't necessarily be used, boats, beach, stadiums etc. and so that also represents a purchase opportunity that largely does not result in cannibalization for us. So these package additions are definitely driving growth in the overall beer business. 
Rob Sands: So first of all, Modelo Especial has a huge runway for growth. Right now we’re at about – on IRI terms 60% ACV and that certainly does not represent full distribution in any regard. The products still skews from a demographic point of view, extremely heavily Hispanic, even though its penetration in the Hispanic population isn’t even where we would like it to be and where it could potentially be. So there's a huge runway in the Hispanic market and in the general market is very wide open for Modelo Especial and driving distribution and pods are one of our key initiatives on that brand. So and it’s going extremely successfully. We’ve introduced this year -- because the brand is expanding into the general market now so well we’ve introduced general market television advertising which we think is going to even further accelerate the growth of this product. So the growth runway on this brand is tremendous and we don't really see any diminishment in growth rates or increases in penetration -- exactly where it's going to get to, I mean fully distributed product is usually around, I don’t know, 90% ACV. So exactly when we get there, I don't know but we’re going to work to get there and we have everything going in our favor. So the ability to increased distribution and as well as the ability to see velocity per point of distribution increase. So all these things are going to contribute to Modelo Especial, continuing to be really the hottest major beer brand in the market of any significance. There's really nothing of that size that’s growing like Modelo Especial and just even anecdotally as you start, go around see what people are drinking, I mean you're seeing all of a sudden Modelo Especial becoming a popular product in the general market as well as in the Hispanic market. 
Rob Sands: The category is off a little bit. It still remains quite healthy. There could be a number of factors that are contributing to that. Last year Moscato and red blends were growing at extremely rapid rates as consumers experimented, I’ll say, with the new products. This year those products are still growing very well but not at the rate that they were and not that this affects us particularly but there has been a lot of pricing being taken in the below five dollar commodity segment of the wine business, the popular price and that's turned into pretty heavy negative territories. So I think that that's driving the overall market down, maybe 100 basis points or something to that effect. It’s still trending pretty much sort of consistently plus or minus 100 basis points with where it’s trended historically over the long-term. So but it is a little slower than we anticipated. 
Rob Sands: Yeah, I think consistent with what Bob just said, no, we don't like losing a small amount -- even a small amount of market share and we have a lot of plans in place around innovation, around NPV, around concentrating our spend against higher growth elements of our portfolio which we think will address that. Largely however without spending a lot more money and I think consistent with what Bob said, also important is that we maintain wine margins, we don’t want to see deterioration in that segment of the business either. So we will implement basically plans and programs that will drive the top line but not necessarily increase spending and therefore hurt margins. So we intend to take a balanced approach in that regard but we definitely don't like and don't want to lose share.  Now if you look at our wine, spirits segment, okay, first of all, spirits is performing extremely well, above our expectations and that's a real positive in the business and we’re looking at that segment of the business for further investment obviously because it’s performing so well for us at the current time. And on the wine side, we had a couple of, I’d say, somewhat anomalous things that had impacted us. For instance, Eastern Europe impacted us to some degree this year. Even though it’s not a very significant piece of our business, it was just soft. That geography was so devastated by everything that happened, we lost some sales in Eastern Europe. We also exited some bulk wine related to the international market which did affect the top line but really didn’t have any effect on the bottom line because it’s just commodity bulk wine business and it was business that frankly just don't even want to continue doing and that affected the top line a bit.  And then in the US, we did take some pricing on some of our low-end products that impacted things on the top line but obviously contributed to our bottom line growth. And then as far as our promotional activity goes, we expect that we will be holding that flat pretty much this year. We didn't expect that to have much of an impact. It probably had a little bit of an impact but again on trying to keep a balanced approach to both the top line and the bottom line, I think that it's worked out pretty well. So all that said, we would like to hold market share, if not grow it but we’re going to keep a balanced approach to growing both the top line and the bottom line. 
Rob Sands: The change in growth rate in the category is pretty minor and sort of this is within the range that it can fluctuate up, it could fluctuate down. It’s actually kind of difficult to even know exactly where the category is growing because such a large percentage of it is really not even tracked and is therefore estimated. So when we talk about category growth it's an estimate. And I think that certainly we could see the category rebound to the previous levels of growth because we’re really talking about 100 basis points one way or the other.  And then as it relates to us, yes, I think we can catch up. We’ve got a lot of plans in place and it's really new products and new SKUs, new packaging that's one avenue that I think that will be more successful and as we move into next year because a lot of things that we put in place take some time to work albeit this year they were somewhat below our expectations. I think that nevertheless we've done some very positive things that position ourselves well for next year. And then we’ve got a lot of plans relative to our existing big brands and I think will drive growth as we go into next year as well. So yes, I think we can catch up. 
Rob Sands: No, we don't have any acquisition plans in the spirits category at the moment. And when I talked about more investments, it was really against our brands that we already have. We do have plans for new line extensions, new flavors etc. and because the spirits business is growing so well that gives us the opportunity to invest more behind the growth in the existing brands. So that's basically what I was referring to, Robert.
Rob Sands: There is always opportunities to exit lower profit businesses but I would say that other than our normal SKU rationalization process, we don’t have any big plans for that. 
Rob Sands: And also interestingly enough a lot of our sort of what constitutes that low end portfolio is a lot of our legacy stuff and actually as a consequence has pretty high ROIC as we look at the portfolio. So we factor all that into our decision-making as to whether we’re going to keep going with various things or not even though they may be not a 100% on strategy because there's a premium. So we’ve got some dessert wines, we’ve got some products that toss your wines that aren’t 100% within our portfolio strategy today but actually represent or generate very high ROIC because of the legacy nature of the products. 
Rob Sands: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for joining our call today. Needless to say we are very pleased with our fiscal 2015 year-to-date results. Our beer business has tremendous momentum in the marketplace and continues to gain market share. Our high return investments in beer production capacity position us to support the significant growth of this business. We’re growing EBIT in our wine business and our spirits business gained share across the product portfolio. And during our next quarterly call which is scheduled in early April, we will provide guidance for our upcoming fiscal year. 
