Rob Sands: Yes, Caroline. I think that we can say at this stage that all of our NPD in beer and in particular, Premier and Familiar, has been performing extremely well. And as you noted, the incrementality on Premier and Familiar has outpaced our expectations. So, we did frontload some of our spending on marketing this year as you probably recall in the first quarter, which we had highlighted even prior to the first quarter and that marketing spend I think has really paid off for all of our initiatives. As you can see, in that the Corona brand family and the Modelo, Casa Modelo family have been performing extremely well, both as reflected by our depletions and as reflected in IRI. I would say that we don’t really see any reason why that momentum should not continue throughout the remainder of the year enabling us to make the guidance which we put forth of roughly 9% to 11%. So generally, I would say that the beer business is hitting on all cylinders. Strong consumer takeaway, our marketing is working really well, incrementality on our new products is higher than expected, we have been able to achieve distribution on those products to a greater extent than we even believed that we would be able to achieve. So, there is really nothing in the horizon that would suggest that the beer business won’t do anything other than to achieve the guidance that we have put forth.
Rob Sands: Yes. So, I would say that if anything we continue to be extremely bullish, if not more bullish since we have announced the deal. I mean, we are right on the cusp in the next couple of weeks of recreational marijuana becoming legal in Canada on October 17. I would say that the overall market projections on that haven’t really changed. I think some – it’s a pretty wide spread, but I think that most people are predicting somewhere in the $5 billion market wise in Canada, $5 billion to $6 billion or $7 billion range for legal recreational cannabis. As I noted in my script, Canopy has secured approximately 35% of the supply contract, so we expect to take a significant share of that business as it develops over the next call it 12 to 18 to 24 months. So, I think we’re feeling pretty good about Canopy’s position and the results or how that position will be reflected in the results. No, we don’t – we really haven't given any guidance on the equity earnings as of yet, I think that we really need to take a little bit more of a latency approach to that element of our guidance in the future. So, once I think that we get recreational, it becomes legal and we get a little history under our belt, we’ll be able to address that better as time goes on. I think that another thing that shouldn’t be lost on anybody is that Canopy has significant positions outside of Canada and that those markets are developing very quickly and Canopy is extremely well-positioned to take leading positions in major markets where medical in particular is going to become legal. And the – that the history of a lot of markets which is a little different than the United States is that, first medical becomes legal, which is why we want to participate in that category and the governments then are able to establish the regulatory bodies, the regulatory frameworks sort of settle in with that reality and then recreational follows after the governments have as I said establish their oversight mechanisms. We see that happening largely all over the world in very large countries like Germany, in the UK and Western Europe in general, and we’re poised through Canopy to participate in all of that. That said, I think something that David has said all along, we premised our investment really solely on Canada and the countries that Canopy already had a strong foothold in, and we see nothing to suggest that our returns on those investments won’t be as we expected. United States, we pretty much counted nothing, but things are moving very quickly in the United States on the legal front. It looks like perhaps after the election we’ll see the Farm Bill, enacted the Farm Bill legalizes CBD, and that will be an interesting market to see how that develops in the US, which will be poised to participate in. And there was certainly a lot of talk that eventually there will be some form of decriminalization of marijuana at the federal level meaning that taking of it off the schedule one list and therefore really leaving it to the states to determine the legality, and of course, that’s moving quickly too with two states having the recreational legality on the ballot this November and eight states already having made it recreationally legal and a large – those states are big states. So, a large percentage of the population in the United States already in states where it’s recreationally legal. So, we think that we’re by far the best company in the world or in the best position in the world of any company to capitalize on what is absolutely without a doubt going to be a huge market over the next 10 years, hundreds of billions of dollars. So, we’re addressing our position on every front meaning that we need to be a key player in the development of the science, that’s really important. Branding, we have got top people and top agencies and firms working on branding, because like all businesses of this nature and consumer products, branding is going to be the key to success of the future. And we are leaving no stones unturned in any of those areas through our Canopy investment and also with regard to our Constellation folks who are dedicated to that element of our business. So we are excited. We see very positive future in that regard.
Rob Sands: No. I would say straight-out, the answer is no. We see no evidence whatsoever especially in the United States and the legal states of alcohol cannibalization. So, I’d say as we sit here right now when we think about the cannabis business and our position in the cannabis business, it’s probably going to be close to a 100% incremental for us talking about incrementality. So, this conversation comes up a lot of two things, okay, number one is it a defensive move, the answer is no. We’re not playing offense, defense, we’re playing offense. This is an offensive move. We’ve got a fantastic core business and as you can see from these results and our projected results on our core business for the remainder of the year, we’re very positive, we have a lot of confidence in that business and we see nothing in the horizon that suggests that it’s going to be anything other than great as its continued to be. We’re playing offense on this and that we think that this is another very aligned category, that’s going to develop very fast and very large and it simply presents another opportunity for growth for Constellation in addition to our core business. Why would we do this, okay, we did it because first of all, we got to involve with Canopy in a joint venture to develop beverages, okay. As that progressed, it became evident to us that the whole market, all channels, all forms is going to be explosive and therefore, there was really no reason why we should only participate in a relatively small segment of that market, which is beverages when other channels i.e. medical for instance and other forms are going to develop very quickly around the world and we have a – and we had a platform, which we had a minority interest in that we can take advantage of. So, as we said, we’re completely optimistic, it’s completely offensive on our part. We didn’t do it because we have any concern whatsoever about the core business, I’ve heard that suggestion made. I can tell you that our core business is stronger than ever and that had no bearing on why we did this, totally offensive, totally incremental, another leg of the stool that Constellation can add to continue as probably the number one growth company in consumer products in the Fortune 500. So that’s really the bottom line.
Rob Sands: Yes. And I would parrot what David said in that regard. Our pricing continues to be as it has been in the past completely normal in that 1% to 2% range. The environment for that pricing is probably I would put it as better as opposed to worse if you were just saying how is the market absorbing price increases, I would say we are on the better end of that scale this year than we have even better on the past where it hasn’t been a significant issue. On the distributor consolidations and my comments on wine, in the Northwest we consolidated wine, beer and spirits and while I was focusing on wine that whole consolidation across wine, beer and spirits and for beer as well has worked very well as we are a major, major player with that distributor. As to some of our moves in really Southern California that had done it in the press, it’s really about very specific instances and examples in some of our most core markets where we have the highest market shares, where consolidation provides an opportunity to create significant efficiencies especially in distribution otherwise that will directly benefit our brands in those areas where we have consolidated by taking some of those efficiencies that have been created and being able to apply those against our brands in terms of manpower on the street, in terms of marketing dollars that can be available at local levels against those brands. So these were moves really intended to accelerate what is already good performance. And I would say one of the hallmarks about Constellation and what I am about to say even relates to the Canopy transaction is we are not a company that’s sitting around waiting for some element of our business to turn down or get bad before we jump in and we take action to improve our results. We are really quite the opposite of that. We have a fantastic business. It’s performing better than it’s ever performed in the past. And we are really applying all of our thought and effort against actually accelerating the great position that we are in as opposed to sitting around waiting for it to turn bad and then we are all going to jump in with some kind of fix it attitude, because that’s too late in business. When it turns bad, turning something around is a 900x harder than it is to play off that’s from an already very strong position. So that’s a lot of our mentality and a lot of the things that we are doing both in our core business something like our distributor consolidation moves in Southern Cal, it’s truly about playing offense and accelerating an already strong business platform.
Rob Sands: Yes. And I guess I would add that your questions, Judy, almost presume the answers. We will be overlapping the distribution games on some of the new products. On the other hand, we are going to turn our attention then to building velocity on those new products. And as we build velocity on those new products that will provide some incremental performance that will help offset the overlap question that you asked. Refresca is looking like it’s going to be a huge opportunity for us. I think you all know that the alternative category is really one of the stellar performers in the beer category overall with numerous brands now performing extremely well. So we think that that’s a big opportunity in that. We think that Corona Refresca certainly based on our test markets and given the strength of the Corona franchise and the Corona name and the continued demographic tailwinds that we have in the business, I think that Refresca is a huge opportunity. And then let’s not forget about some of the secondary brands like Pacifico, which continues to be a huge opportunity like even Victoria. Take a look at IRI on Victoria, okay. Victoria is growing now high double-digits. So I think that in the beer business in general, not only do we have the opportunity to drive velocity on some of our NPD that’s already in the marketplace, we have new NPD that’s going to go national, i.e., Refresca, which is going to give us more growth opportunities. And then we have the smaller secondary brands that we can jump to as well to continue to provide strong growth against the whole portfolio. And then you have got Modelo Especial, which is a huge brand already and continues to grow high double-digits. So, we really see opportunity across that whole portfolio. On the wine and spirits side, we have brands like High West that are growing wildly and spirits brands like Casa Noble tequila and wine brands that are really unparalleled in terms of the potential for both like the Prisoner, like Kim Crawford, which is already a very large and profitable brand, just to name a couple. I could name many more, but I would say that therefore the opportunities across the whole portfolio remain very strong.
Rob Sands: Yes. And to your next question, the answer is both. It could be reflected in the Canopy equity earnings as well as directly in Constellation. So, number one just to be clear, Canopy is one of the largest CBD producers in the world. So, it’s very possible that depending on exactly how the law works and whether imports are permittable, the CBD could well come from Canopy and then assuming that we produce CBD beverages and they can be sold through the normal retail channels, obviously, maybe not to everyone, but to us, the product would be distributed through wine, beer and spirits network to retailers. So obviously that element of it would be reflected in Constellation’s business. So, the answer is really both that it has the potential to be reflected in the equity earnings, with Canopy already being one of the biggest CBD producers in the world and in Constellation’s earnings as we potentially introduce CBD beverage, which doesn’t necessarily mean it’s alcoholic, probably not through our wine, beer and spirits networks.
Rob Sands: I can’t really speculate on that at this point. I don’t think that there is a lot of prognostication on exactly what the size of that market is in the United States. I would say given the chatter about companies like Coca-Cola looking at it as well, I would say that it could be immaterial or tiny if other major beverage companies are looking at it as well. So, I think it’s got a lot of potential. CBD is one of the non-psychoactive components in cannabis. Although that said I would say that there is a lot of science as well as general belief that CBD as an organic compound has many positive and curative in fact health benefits I think you maybe aware that FDA just recently approved the first CBD drug in the United States to treat childhood epilepsy or seizure disorder. And then CBD has other qualities potentially that people are seeking organic, inorganic products, so the market could be very big. As we have said it’s not a psychoactive component, but it has properties that I think the consumer would be interested in.
Rob Sands: Sure. So little is a good word and that we always have shipped more during the first half then we deplete as we always want to build inventory prior to the OND holiday season October, November and December. I would say little is a good word because we probably should a little more than normal versus depletions and that there is some tightness in terms of shipping. But that said I think to directly answer your question I don’t think that we see that as you know any kind of material problematic matter for really wine, beer or spirits. It’s just something that we have to keep in mind and we have to take into account so that our products are well positioned in the marketplace. I know David has talked a little bit about higher shipping costs as it relates to beer, but these are things that we have otherwise offset to the creation of other operational efficiencies and its not huge dollars for us. So the fundamental answer especially on wine and spirit side is no, we don’t see it, there is really nothing like totally something to be concerned about, it’s really sort of just more a minor business matter we are shipping lanes, it is tough to get shipping lanes. But that said we expect to – we have got everything well under – well in hand and we don’t expect it to be particularly impactful on the wine business and on the beer business as David has said we would largely offset any cost increases there that we have seen. So we are in pretty good shape on shipping and shipping costs and availability throughout the whole business in the remainder of the year.
Rob Sands: I would say however that to the extent that our distributor consolidations create efficiencies and therefore improve distributor margin on our business that creates an environment where the distributors are more willing to invest behind our brands than the opposite. So that is part of the thinking behind this and then the distributors’ actual investment behind our brands should drive continued strong results if not better results for our business, which will translate back to us on even better sales and growth than otherwise would be the case everything remaining equal.
Rob Sands: On the first question as I said historically a lot, we retailers should be giving Constellation and our beer business more space in general because we’re their largest growth provider and probably their most profitable supplier. And I think that, that is resonating and therefore we do continue to make distribution gains and therefore acquire more space for our portfolio, which as I said is the number one growth portfolio and profit provider to many retailers. So, I think that that’s all going well and that’s part of what we call our shoppers’ first programs, probably historically referred to as category management, but now shoppers first is what we call it. And then on your second question, the answer to that – I think you sort of phrased it in terms of talking to regulatory bodies and this and that. In the United States, it’s really more about talking to politicians. We have got to get over the hump of decriminalization first. And then in the states that are legal, we are really not talking to anybody, because we are not participating in that because of the federal illegality. In Canada, we are definitely talking to regulatory bodies and the government about how the product is going to be sold and through what channels. I mean, Ontario is probably a good example of that, where initially it was planned to go through the LCBA, the Ontario Liquor Control Boards. And then very recently, the Ontario government changed direction and decided to allow it to be sold through private retailers. As you may know or may not know, Canopy bought a company of private retailers called Haiku and their brand for their stores is called Tokyo Smoke. And that’s one of the formats that we are developing our stores in, but one of the things that Canopy has done and I think with a lot of forethought is already gone out and secured prime retail locations even in Ontario to put our Tokyo Smoke branded stores and Tweed branded stores in anticipation of being able to have private stores and outlets in Ontario and of course in the other provinces. Originally, Haiku and Tokyo Smoke had stores in British Columbia and is developing stores in British Columbia. So, we are well-positioned from a branding point of view to control, so to speak, the whole ecosystem around the brands that we are developing in particular in Canada and the vertical integration, which will be very profitable as well in Canada.
Rob Sands: Well, thank you everyone. And let me say, as we close out the discussion of our quarterly results, I would like to reiterate the confidence that we have in our ability to drive the future growth of our business while generating very strong cash flows that allow us the flexibility to make strategic investments in long-term growth opportunities with significant upside. Our next quarterly call is scheduled for early January, so please be sure to have a safe and happy holiday season and remember to enjoy some of our great products during your celebrations with friends and family. So, thank you again for joining our call and have a great day.
David Klein: So, I’ll take the pricing and I leave the second question to Rob. But – so from a pricing standpoint, yes, the letters are in the market. We’re not seeing any pushback, it seems – the market seems fairly conducive to price increases this year especially maybe compared to over the last several years. And our full year guidance includes the benefits that we expect to receive from the price increases that we are putting out at this point.
David Klein: Yes. So on the gross margin question, I think you are hearing this from everybody else in the industry with the headwinds on freight and little bit of headwinds in some of the commodity areas. And so we think that our operations team is doing an outstanding job to be able to deliver a quarter, where we have best ever gross margins in that kind of headwind environment and we expect that environment will continue for the rest of the year, but as we said we also believe that our gross margins in our beer business will expand albeit slightly, but will expand over the full year. And then we have incremental marketing spend to continue to drive our brands, which brings us back to the place where our operating margins are roughly in line with the prior year. We think by the way that’s the best way to grow the business, because we are focused on driving that top line growth in a business that has almost 40% operating margins we want to keep as much growth coming as we possibly can.
David Klein: Yes. So, Robert, first of all, I think I’ve said this to you before, but the – we being our team comes in everyday trying to make our margins as high as we possibly can. So, when we talk about holding the line on margins, it's we are trying to expand them as much as we can. But I would say this is playing out kind of the way we had anticipated over the last few years as there was a lot of I'd say exuberance around where our margins could get to and we had a view that we had existed in a benign commodity pricing environment for a long period of time in a pretty favorable peso environment for us for a long period of time and that we know we have a lot of potential things that we can do from an operation standpoint to continue to enhance our margins and maybe even possibly from a pricing standpoint to enhance our margins over time. But we just want to be prudent about where that can get us to because we know we have these headwinds and it seems unrealistic to just talk about the positives without being really clear about what the potential drags could be in. I would say that this year is kind of playing out that way. We’re seeing some really good things happening from an operations perspective that are helping to be a bit of a driver for improved margins, but we’re also seeing drags on margin like the freight topic that we and everyone else is talking about at this point.
David Klein: We are not expecting that we get margin enhancement from that sort of activity. Again, we – everything we do is built around driving growth in our business. Again, we’d be really happy to have a business that for the next several years grew at this rate at 40% margins.
