Robert Sands: Yes, Judy. First of all, if you look at first quarter of last year, the focus brands grew, as I mentioned in my talk, about 11%. And of course, first quarter this year, they grew at a much faster pace than our overall growth rate. And on a blended basis, as we said all along, as we move throughout the year, we expect -- taking into account how the non-focus brands will perform the overall portfolio to maintain market share against the category.
Robert Sands: Right. We will spend on promo the same amount this year on a per-case basis taking into account mix, as we spent last year. Therefore, since we significantly underspent what we spent last year in the first quarter, we will step up promo spend in the latter part of this year versus last year. So basically, we just simply have the reverse pattern of what we did last year with promo last year more geared towards the beginning of the year, and promo this year more geared towards the middle or latter part of the year. So the answer is yes. It's going to increase significantly as we go through the year. But that's all baked into our guidance and expected -- was expected and this is what we've been discussing with you for some time now.
Robert Sands: Not really. I mean, Judy, every quarter, there's some timing issues about when marketing is spent or when SG&A happened versus when it happened in the prior year, but we would expect that to kind of smooth out in the balance of the year. So I would say, there wasn't a tremendous amount of timing aspects in the North American business.
Robert Sands: Yes, I mean, we're constantly assessing the capital structure and constantly weighing debt pay down versus stock buybacks. So the constant thing in the first quarter, as we said, we decided not to buy any stock back, but we'll continue to look at it as the year progresses.
Robert Sands: Yes, this is Rob. Basically, the import pricing situation is very stable in the U.S. at the current time. And as far as our portfolio goes, we really don't have any plan to take pricing in our portfolio this fiscal year. We have talked about some reductions and promo from time to time and shift from promo to marketing. But fundamentally, we don't have any pricing plans on our cross-the-board basis. Now we do look at every market on a case-by-case basis. And if things have happened in the market relative to competition that warrants pricing, then of course, Crown will consider that on a case-by-case basis. But we're not taking -- I have no plans to take aggressive price increases.
Robert Sands: Yes. Well, what I said is that we've now intro-ed beyond the Chicago market on Victoria in quite a few other markets in the United States, in some big markets like California, Arizona and Texas, Colorado to name a few. And the roll out will continue, but this was the next stage and we're working on plans for further rollout in the future. So...
Robert Sands: Yes, the wine industry is pretty healthy right now. And I'd say that in general, we anticipate that it tends to be about where it is. And we geared a lot of activity relative to MTV and line extensions and things to this is effect in the areas that are experiencing some of that incremental volume, Muscato, Sweet Red, Prosecco are examples. And we have new products, new SKUs in all of those areas and therefore, we should benefit from that. But nevertheless, we anticipate it.
Robert Sands: Yes. So I'm not, Mark, and I -- I haven't done the math so I can think of how you do the analysis to get to your 300,000 cases. The difficult thing on the math is, and I'll try to explain this, it's kind of technical. In last year's -- first quarter of last year, as the North American segment sold products to say, our international segments, right? They were, of course, illuminated in consolidation in the ultimate sale appeared in the international segment. Now this year, we continue to sell those same products through what used to be our international segment, but is now a third-party. Now in this year, we report those as third-party sales, right? So it's -- that's why, in the press release, we kind of highlight that and it gets you from that 8% kind of GAAP growth to more like a 3% comparable growth. Now we did not do that comparable adjustments down in the supplemental shipment depletion data, where I assume you did your calculation to get that international volume growth.
Robert Sands: And that is a relatively small part of the business at the current time. But as we've said, or I said recently, and I was certainly looking at some of the emerging markets, China in particular, and contemplating how many might take advantage of what appears to be fairly explosive growth for wine in that market in particular. So I won't expect anything material relative to that in the very short term, but we'll tell you more about that as we develop our plans.
Robert Sands: Yes, I think first of all the Corona Light, we're pretty optimistic about Corona Light. We think that there's more -- a lot more upside in Corona Light. It's the largest light import at this point. We're doing a lot of work differentiating it from Corona and giving it a life of its own. We've got new ads for Corona Light that are differentiating it, again, that are geared towards differentiating it from Corona. And as I said, I think that we're very optimistic about it. As it relates to Victoria, it's been a very, very strong rollout is the bottom line. And I would say that the volume that we've gained from it is actually kind of quite phenomenal for a new rollout, given the amount of the country that we're in. We're seeing good velocity on the brand in the markets where we've intro-ed it, and continued good velocity as some of those markets have become more mature. Meaning, you typically see when you introduce a new brand, sort of accelerated velocity initially, and then you sort of look to see what it's going to settle down to, and it's selling down very nicely to levels that should make it a very nice growing and sustainable business for us. So we're really optimistic. As for source, it's pretty across the board in terms of source. It's not cannibalizing our own business to a particularly great extent, but it's premium priced anyways, point #1. But you know, it's sourcing from pretty much across the board, much like the imports, much like Corona in general. It sources from the domestic premiums, it's sourcing from craft. It's sourcing pretty much evenly across the board, so it's a great product. And I'd encourage everybody to try it. It's got a lot of the characteristics of the craft segments, but it's also got the advantage, I think, of drinkability. Very drinkable.
Robert Sands: Okay. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining our call today. And as I mentioned, I think we're off to a good start this year in a number of areas. And we are certainly on track to deliver our goals for the year. Our plan is to continue execution on our strategic imperatives through the remainder of our fiscal year. So thanks again for your participation, and we hope you have the opportunity to enjoy some of those great beers like Victoria and our Wine & Spirits products during the upcoming 4th of July holiday. We'll see you all soon, I'm sure.
Robert Ryder: Yes, I mean. So the numbers that we disclosed in the press release should -- that's our plan for the restructuring charge. Of course, the costs are not included in comparable results. We don't expect the savings to have much of an impact in fiscal '12, but they should be full impact in fiscal '13. Now obviously, we're not issuing fiscal '13 guidance. There's a lot of innings between now and when we'll issue guidance. So certainly, that will be taken into account when we come out with what our EBIT will be for fiscal '13.
Robert Ryder: Yes, I mean, we're not giving guidance by quarter, but it's going to be the -- it will all be in there for the full year, probably mostly back-end loaded. And it's the $26 million that we have in the press release, if I recall that number correctly.
Robert Ryder: Well, I mean the Victoria volumes were probably incremental for the quarter. And obviously, we're not in the fine beer selling season. So it won't have an insignificant impact on our growth. It's going to be a nice add, but it's all included in our guidance
Robert Ryder: Yes, I'll try, but it won't be easy. So, I mean, look, there's a lot of different things going on in the tax rate in various tax jurisdictions. And essentially what happens under current accounting, when a company and a tax regulator come to a conclusion on a particular matter, that's when it hits your P&L. So as these things come to a conclusion, when the others come in and they sit down with our tax guys and they say, "Okay, this is the deal." That's when we book the upside. So by nature, it will be choppy throughout the year.
Robert Ryder: No. Total -- from the second quarter, we said total EBIT will be down $15 million to $20 million, Mark.
Robert Ryder: We're not really giving specific guidance on Crown. But do remember that last year, we did have kind of a shortage of inventory at Crown, okay? So you might see an okay sales number, but remember, our increased marketing expense will really start kicking in, in Q2, Q3, because that's when the media is launched in the season. So you will -- if we say for the full year, Crown EBIT is going to be flattish to slightly down, and you saw our first quarter was way up, you can expect that to start to happen in the balance of the year, of course.
Robert Ryder: Yes. It's the second quarter, remember, reported sales last year included shipments ahead of depletions. So we will be overlapping that shipment in excess of depletions for the U.S. Wine business in mostly Q2, Q3. But that will hurt our reported sales growth number and our reported EBIT growth number. So I would expect in the second quarter both wine and beer EBIT to be down to prior year because of these overlap issues.
Robert Ryder: Well, so what's going on in that line item, remember we prepaid $400 million in Q1, so our rates have become more fixed because we're paying back variable. And we also have a swap kicking in, in September of this year, also at a fixed rate. So you can't just take, I guess, current variable LIBOR and extrapolate it forward. So I think if you do the math on that, you'd see that our interest expense will probably come out maybe at the lower end of our guidance. But remember, that assumes we do no stock buybacks.
Robert Ryder: It's the next logical step. We have no other steps planned in that regard beyond the $26 million charge and the $10 million in associated savings. We don't anticipate any further charge into that nature this time.
Robert Ryder: Yes. I mean, I'll do the organic thing, and then Rob talk about other stuff. But right now, the existing business we have, of course, is we do it in Canada. The view in the domestic market is quite small. It's not really worth talking about a lot. The Canadian market is like the U.S. It's pretty healthy, and there's a positive mix shift going on. In our first quarter, we actually had negative volumes up there, mostly because the lower end of the Canadian market is shrinking. And we have a heavy participation in that, but we did have, like the U.S., very positive mix shift because we are selling a lot of what the Canadians call, VQA wine, which is the upper end wine. So we had negative volumes, much better sales and positive EBIT growth in Canada for the quarter. And we would expect that to pretty much stay for the balance of the year. Now I'll call it kind of the nonorganic international growth, which is kind of our new international segment. I'll let Rob speak to that.
Robert Ryder: So Kevin, to simplify our press release, we stopped breaking that out. But we do comment on the spirits growth for the quarter. Usually, the activity is around SVEDKA. And I think Rob spoke to the fact that SVEDKA growth in our financials was not good, but that was simply due to a price increase we took in a couple of state last year in the load in prior to that price increase occurring last year's first quarter. So our Spirits business had negative volume growth this year, but if you look at IRI, SVEDKA is still growing in say, the 20% kind of range. So it's more of just a technical overlap thing. We continue to be very happy with our Spirits business.
