Bill Newlands: Sure. Yes. The entire scenario around the slight weakening at the end of the fourth quarter was driven by weather. The last two weeks in state of California, which as we all know is our biggest market, was literally wet, soaking wet. In fact, only 1% of the state of California today is in drought conditions and just a few years ago that number was in 90 plus range. So, we literally saw everything dampen in the last couple of weeks. You combine that with the polar vortex that we had in the northern tier of states, and it was a literal weather mess for the last couple of weeks of our fiscal. We are, though, very pleased with the start of our march and we feel that it’s consistent with the guidance that we just provided. Relative to your question on Premier, we expect Premier growth to be in the 30% to 45% range this coming year. So, we see significant upside in that brand beyond the results that we saw this past year. As most of you know, Premier virtually doubled what our expectations were in its first year and we expect that acceleration to continue.
Bill Newlands: Sure. Let me cover those. Refresca, in our test markets, had tremendous incrementality. In fact, it was even better than Premier was. So, we are very excited about the opportunity to put a strong recognized brand, like Corona packaged as Refresca into a separate area of the store, both on your retail shelves and in the cold box. It appeals to a much broader demographic than what our core beer business does. And we think it opens up a wonderful vehicle with the strength of the carefree lifestyle that Corona represents for our business. Alera, on the other hand is much more focused to Hispanic women, also multicultural women, but Hispanic women specifically. And that will be somewhat different than what we see as the demographic profile around Refresca. As you know Alera will only be in test market. We have a very defined approach to innovation where we test and learn in year one; and as we see success, we expand. Much like we did with Premier, we’re doing the same thing with Refresca and we will do that assessment with Alera and El Grito [ph] and things of that nature as well, so that we have a focused approach and disciplined approach to our innovation agenda.
Bill Newlands: Sure. We obviously do a lot in our -- through our Chief Growth Officer, and assessing what consumer opportunities and segments are available to us. That’s frankly how we got to Premier, that’s frankly how we got to Refresca and how we’ve gotten to Alera and other things that we are testing. We certainly see an opportunity in higher-end sessionable domestic beer. That’s why Western Standard is being tested in five western states this year. I personally am very excited about the opportunity around that. And it’s a bit of one of those, what I would describe as, category blurring. It is a lager that stand has time in high west barrels. So, it has the benefits and it’s really what we’re calling a Saloon Lager. It’s a great opportunity to leverage existing capabilities that we have but also put us into a new area as consumers continue to trade up. We’re also evaluating and will continue to evaluate new things. I used the example of our Bourbon Barrel-Aged wine programs, which as I mentioned in my remarks, have generated over 1 million cases from zero and under two years. So, we will continue to find those niche opportunities that we believe are big, impactful and sustainable, whether it’d be in our beer business or in our wine and spirits business.
Bill Newlands: We view this as the optimization effort in its entirety, for your first question. The second question about Pacifico, we were very excited around Pacifico, it has grown double -- grew double digits this past year outside of the core California base as the advertising campaign that we had associated with it kicked in and worked very well. I think we're going to continue to see this brand be a double-digit growth driver for us going forward as it extends itself. As I said in my prepared remarks, we have extended some of our sponsorship opportunities with this brand, and we'll continue to do sort of the edgy ex-gain type of approaches that we think Pacifico has become known for, and we think it's got some continued success to come.
Bill Newlands: Our expectations is that the Corona family after growing 7% during this past year will probably be in the mid-single-digit range for this coming year. Premier, we do expect, as I said earlier, to be a significant growth driver as part of that and we expect the overall brand family to be in the mid-single-digit range.
Bill Newlands: Relative to your question on pricing, I mean, we continue to feel as we have that there is 1% to 2% pricing within our beer business on an ongoing basis. As you know our brands have strong consumer demand attached to those and we continue to feel that opportunity is going to be there for us as we continue into the foreseeable future. Relative to -- and I don't know if that was uniquely to beer I would say, we are putting some of the same capabilities on our remaining wine and spirit business that we have put on our beer through revenue management and we expect to see both mix and pricing benefits coming out of our wine and spirit business, which quite frankly we had been relatively unable to get in the recent past with our remaining portfolio, which we think is much more conducive to pricing and mix benefits.
Bill Newlands: We are obviously running models as we speak about what we expect our remainco portfolio. As you would expect in a transaction of the size, the final dimension of what was going to be sold has just been recently completed. So, a lot of work is now being done on our forward looking wine piece. What I would say is this. I think, you should expect it to be significantly higher than what it has been, because as you know, the vast weighting of the portfolio that has been sold is that reflecting under $11 on a retail price basis. So, the overall average out-the-door price point for our remainco brands will be significantly higher than it was. And we'll be able to give you a more concrete answer to that as we get the work done.
Bill Newlands: Sure. As we've shared it at prior discussions, we believe that as our algorithm for growth that roughly 50% of our growth profile will come out of increased distribution with an increase of the innovation agenda to 30% and then various other miscellaneous things. So, we continue to feel that there remains a lot of opportunity in distribution as well as in formats like cans and draft and so forth that we alluded to earlier on the call. Relative to velocity, as you know, a lot of work has been done by our -- in our space management approach, that we have definitively proven improves the overall results in a beer section when our shopper first approach is undertaken. We are radically increasing the number of retailers that are engaged with this particular program, which we expect to have a significant and helpful velocity improvement, based on improving the overall space in the beer section. So, we believe with that particular element will be helpful not only for us but for the overall category, and we're excited about the opportunity around it.
Bill Newlands: Great. Thanks very much, much appreciate all of you joining Patty, David and me today. Obviously, we're excited about our organic growth prospects for the coming year, and we're already hard at work, as you would expect to deliver these opportunities while continuing to invest in our brands and in our operations. We look forward to speaking with all of you again in late June, when we share the results of our first quarter for our new fiscal year. Before then, we certainly hope that you will choose some of our fine products for your spring celebrations including Cinco and Memorial Day weekend. Speaking of Cinco, look for us at the New York Stock Exchange, as we will officially kick off the summer selling season by ringing that closing bell. So, thanks again everyone, much appreciate your time. And have a good day.
David Klein: Yes. So, let me take it kind of in two parts. So, on our base level guidance, Bonnie, our guidance is really out there for beer, in line with our medium-term growth algorithm, in the 7 to 9% range kind of centering on that 39% operating margin which we think is aggressive but achievable, and again, in line with our medium-term expectations. For wine and spirits, once we have closed on our transaction, we have a base underlying business that we think, as a result of more focus from ourselves internally where we can apply our ability to drive connectivity with our consumers, better performance in our operations, maybe some pricing along the way that we’ll be able to deliver over time mid-single digit growth and achieve the 30% operating margins that Bill talked about. The headwind there really for FY20 for us is the stranded cost removal. And so, we’ve baked into our guidance between $35 million and $55 million of cost take out of the total of $130 million. Maybe the reason why we couldn’t be more aggressive with that number is related to timing in the year when the costs come out -- for some of the costs. And the fact that some of the costs will be coming out of COGS and COGS overhead which will take time to come through our P&L and won’t likely show up until next year. So, we think the story stays completely on our medium term guidance. We’d just have to work through some of the near-term work. Shifting to Canopy, we still are confident, as Bill called out that the Canopy business will be generating over $1 billion in run rate net sales at the end of their upcoming fiscal year. We expect to be able to see profitability out of the markets that they were in when we did the transaction, so meaning Canada, medical and rec as well as some international medical markets. We would still expect to be able to see that come through our numbers in FY 2021. So, our view on Canopy hasn’t changed. But, let me just touch on guidance or the like thereof. I’m personally disappointed that we weren’t able to get to be able to provide guidance for the fiscal year on Canopy. But, there are couple of factors that played into that. The first is, the planning process at Canopy isn’t completed. In fact, the Board and the management team will be going through their plans over the next couple of weeks. Secondly, we’re seeing changes literally as we speak, because this week brick and mortar sales started to take place in the province of Ontario. We still don’t have clarity on CBD products, how they’ll be regulated in the U.S. And of course, we expect different form factors to come on line in Canada later in the year, but that timing could move around a little bit. So, we looked at all of these factors and we felt that we would probably just make things less clear to our investors, if we tried to provide some very broad guidance range that would take into account all of these factors. And in any event, we’re going to show Constellation ex-Canopy equity and earnings in our results. And so, that’s what we provided to you today. We do expect at some point to be able to provide, at least a broad range of guidance for Canopy; we were just unable to do it today. And since I’ve already missed on that commitment, I’m not going to commit on when we’ll be able to do that, but we’ll get there as soon as we can.
David Klein: Okay. So, in terms of Q1, Judy, let me just kind of step back a little and talk about the ships and depletion growth rate in balances over the last couple of years. So, in FY18 depletes grew faster than ships and in FY19 ships grew faster than the depletes. We would expect in FY20 that we’ll end up with a year where the depletes grow little bit faster than ships, just as a general comment. And by the way, the actual volume deltas between these, really is in -- is small number of cases, call it 1 million or 2 million cases a year. And so, we just have different growth rates as a result of different numerators between ships and depletes. So, in the first quarter, we have an imbalance to unwind. That gets us to the mid single digits even while we are on target -- mid single digit growth in ships in the first quarter even while we are on target for our full-year depletion growth rate. So, again, just timing. And as Bill mentioned that imbalance really happened because of the way we plan out our shipments versus our depletions, happens within a 10-day to 2week sort of window. And the last couple of weeks, the February depletions just slowed down for reasons Bill described. Shifting to the marketing question, our philosophy really hasn’t changed. I would say that our marketing team headed by Jim Sabia does an outstanding job of both getting really good returns on our marketing investment while they’re squeezing as hard as they can on the dollars that are applied to non-working marketing. Our returns haven’t diminished. And so, we remain committed to driving the real value add marketing spend. What really happens is, we believe that we should be spending about 9.5% on marketing. And just as a result of timing of ad placement and that sort of thing, we ended up a little bit light in FY19 but we expect to be that in 9.5% range in FY20.
David Klein: Yes. So, I’ll start with that one because that’s easy. Yes, anticipated restructuring cash cost we have include in our cash outlook. However, as you highlighted, we excluded that from our numbers from a P&L standpoint. And so, now, I’ll go back to your first question. Yes. We are still on track for a 10% EPS growth. Remember that that guidance was really on a three to five-year basis. But our models, even as we roll our plan into it and have final FY19 numbers, we continue to support 10% EPS growth using FY19 as a base. So, now, let’s talk about the transaction value itself. So, I think we called out in our release some of the details about the contribution after marketing spend. If you look at the brands on a trailing basis, yes, you’re in the 6ish range, between 6 and 7 on a trailing basis. These brands are declining mid to high single digits. So, on forward basis, you’re more in line with 7 or slightly above 7. We also have a fair amount -- most of the can that we sold is branded can. We also have a couple of ancillary businesses such as our concentrate business and our polyphenolics business that were included in the sale as well because they actually reside at the Mission Bell facility. So, when we look at the transaction on a multiple basis, we're comfortable with it. When we look at the transaction on a DCF basis, we're comfortable with it. And on an accounting basis, we are comfortable as well. So, I think the important thing though, the takeaway from the transaction is the strategic merit for Constellation and being able to direct to their attention to these higher margin brands that remain in our portfolio. We believe that if we put the sort of thinking and maybe discipline that we've applied to our very-focused portfolio in beer to this portfolio, and wine and spirits, we can have some pretty impressive results. And that's really the point of the transaction. It's more the strategic merits than the economic merits, but we think it was a fair deal all around.
David Klein: So, Kevin, we are not prepared to really talk about the after-tax proceeds, but it will be a fairly efficient transaction for us from that perspective. We do intend to repurchase stock, as we've said before as soon as we are comfortably within our targeted leverage ratio range of three to four times. We haven't built anything into our guidance. We'll see how the year unfolds, but we would very much like to be buying our stock at this point and we'll do so as quickly as we can.
David Klein: I don't have that off the top of my head, but clearly that's something that we can provide at some point.
David Klein: So, Bryan, if I knew you we're going to ask a beer margin question, we wouldn't have got you back on line. So yes, I think I've said this before that we're seeing labor inflation in Mexico in the 4% to 6% range, we're seeing cost contractual cost of glass increasing in the 4% to 6% range, in particular, coming out of our joint venture, which is producing about 55% to 60% of the glass that we use. We expect to see transportation headwinds in likely the high single digit range. We do expect to have some benefit clearly from pricing. But in order to hold our gross margins, not only do we have to get benefits from pricing and possibly FX, we have to also deliver on productivity improvements, which the team is diligently working toward. So I think all in all, given the sorts of headwinds that we're seeing and the pricing environment that we're anticipating with this 1% to 2%, price increase activity we feel pretty good about being able to have flattish gross margins during the year.
David Klein: No, not at all. We feel really bullish about that, Sean, what -- we've been targeting a 30% payout rate at our business and as a result of the disposition of some of the wine brands as our net income came down are actual at that 30% number, our payout would have come down. We wanted to keep it in line with where it was last year. And quite honestly, show a slight increase, so that's what we offered up. It really is more in keeping on track at that 30% target, more than it is any kind of indication around comfort level with being able to return the $4.5 billion we remain absolutely committed to that.
