Robert S. Sands: You know, we don’t expect any disruption at this time as a consequence of our distributor activities. You know, we’ve put a lot of things in place to ensure that things remain intact during the transition period so right now, we feel pretty good about that. 
Robert S. Sands: In terms of our mid-tier brands, we are seeing some positive results. We see brands like Woodbridge continuing to grow in the high-single-digit range. We see brands like Clos du Bois, for instance, we’re seeing about 8% volume growth on that particular brand. So you know, there’s ups and downs in the portfolio and we do see a trend towards what we would describe as better known and trusted brands that represent good value for money. I think that some of our brands are benefiting from that in general.  We do see volume basis trading up continuing in the industry with total wine in the lower single digit range. Premium plus and super premium in the mid and moving up into the higher single digit range on a volume basis.  On a dollar basis, interestingly enough, in the value business we continue to see a lot of pricing being taken in the marketplace, so while we see value wines growing at a lower percentage on a volume basis than premium and super premium plus wines, on a dollar basis they are actually growing faster because I think the major players in that industry, in that segment, of which we are not one, are taking the opportunity to take pricing in the value segments. 
Robert S. Sands: I think it’s a little early to tell how June weather will affect the business. Obviously the beer business is heavily skewed towards the summer selling season. This is the big time and we are going to have to see how -- we are going to have to see how the -- you know, our brands in particular fair over the summer selling season. We’ve got a lot in place relative to that.  You know, other than beer, obviously, in the U.S. and Canada in particular -- actually, worldwide wine sales don’t tend to be affected by weather. It’s not a weather related -- 
Robert S. Sands: So it’s really the beer business and it’s too early to tell how we’re going to do during the summer selling season. 
Robert S. Sands: You know, we expect that we should be announcing for the trade actually fairly shortly, within the next 30, 60 days, something to that effect, and it might not be all at once, so it’s not necessarily a big kind of a thing. And then to your second question, you know, in planning for how we would handle the changes that we are going to be making related to the consolidation, operationally we obviously put in place some mitigation plans and there are some natural things that occur when you make these movements that tend to offset each other, such as when you are moving the brands, you’ve got inventory moving around, shipments to new distributors, et cetera. So when you balance everything out, we really don’t think that it will have a huge impact on retail sales. We think that depletion should be somewhat stable. There might be some loss from distributors who are losing brands, some pick-up from distributors who are gaining brands and actually the same kind of thing on the shipment side. So we expect it at this time to balance out. You know, if there were any timing issues, which is probably the worst-case scenario, you know, we -- well, let me just put it this way; at the current time, we don’t expect any significant timing issues related to the distributor transition between second quarter and third quarter. And as we move into third quarter, it should be largely complete. I think the thing should be stabilized, which was part of the idea, which was to get this done before OND -- October, November, and December, which is one of the key selling seasons.  So a lot of operational planning has gone into this, Mark, to ensure that we mitigate any possible disruption. 
Robert S. Sands: No, no -- the trade is well aware of our intention and is well aware of what we are both doing internally with the sales organization, meaning the consolidation of the operating companies in the sales organization and we’ve been involved in an intensive RFC, request for -- we call it a request for commitment as opposed to a request for proposal. We’ve been involved in a heavy RFC process with the distributors now for several months and are in the process of final negotiations as we sit here right now. So there’s -- everybody knows what’s going on, basically. 
Robert S. Sands: What is the case as you look at the total industry, you see the total industry growing at lower -- about 3%. When we said 5%, I was talking dollars, not volume, so 3% on a volume basis, 5% on a dollar basis, which in and of itself, this is total wine, would be indicative of the continuation of the general trade-up trend. So you see super premium plus, which starts at $8, growing at about 6% both in volume and dollars versus the total industry at 3% volume and 5% dollars. I’m quoting IRI figures.  Now, within our -- that doesn’t mean, however, that within the respected categories that there might not be -- and in fact I think that there is to some degree some trading down. So take the super premium category, okay, which might -- which ranges from $8 to $12. The highest end of that category is being more negatively affected or being negatively affected versus the lower end. People are looking for bargains even within the respective categories. So when we talk about trading up in general, it does continue to be a phenomena in the marketplace as measured by either the difference of the total business in volumes and dollar sales or by looking at say the whole super premium plus category versus the value category.  Now, there’s also some trading down going on from the high-end of the segment of the wine business, so wines over $15, over $20, there’s clearly some trading down that’s going on in those categories as well, and our high-end portfolio, which is our highest gross margin portfolio, sold by Icon, which is -- what we used to call Icon; well, it still is Icon, actually. It won’t be much longer but the white table cloth on-premise branded brands are definitely being hurt in the economy. You can call it trading down, you could say that it’s also an impact that the economic downturn is having on the on-premise in particular.  So the highest margin brands in our portfolio, which are more on-premise oriented, are being negatively affected by the economic impact, especially on the restaurant business.  So it’s hard not to confuse sort of general trends with what is very specifically going on; in our case, as I said, the highest end of our portfolio is being negatively affected and some of the -- even within premium, some of the lower premium products, everyday products like Woodbridge, which is premium by definition, are growing at a fairly rapid rate. So this is what’s causing the negative mix shift. 
Robert S. Sands: It’s really very related to the dramatic change in our portfolio. When we had a significant value wine and spirits portfolio with many brands that competed with each other and that were fairly generic and low margin in nature, the only model that really worked for selling that was to put brands that competed against each other in different -- with different distributors. Okay, we had a huge number of brands as well, so it made sense to split the portfolio in a given market between different distributors to get better prioritization against each set of brands that each distributor had and then to also get more effort against competing brands. So you have two vodkas selling at the same price that are basically what we call well products, meaning they don’t go on the back bar, nobody knows what brand it is. Okay, you were better off having two distributors sell the two different brands that one, because you’d get more exposure to different outlets.  With the elimination of our value spirits portfolio and our value wine business, and the really the narrowing down of our portfolio to a relatively small number of brands that are fairly well-differentiated -- I mean, really just about 10, 12 brands that are the key Constellation brands, you know, we are able then to focus -- one distributor can number one, prioritize those brands and we don’t have the issue of selling largely generic inter-competitive product.  At the same time, if we consolidate our portfolio with a single distributor in a market, Constellation today is in the top three largest operating profit providers to the U.S. distribution network in general and in the top two largest gross profit providers to the U.S. distribution network.  Now, if you’ve got your portfolio split in half, half of it with one distributor in a market and half of it with another distributor in a market, you know, you don’t get the full benefit of your size and strength and the contribution that you are making to the distributor, because they only have 50% of the business and thus 50% of the margins, whereas today, many of our -- many of the major spirits producers are consolidated in the marketplace, so it was really two-fold, as I said. It was the change in our portfolio facility facilitated the change with a narrower portfolio of much more highly differentiated brands. And then number two, it gives us -- it increases dramatically our level of importance to each individual distributor that we are consolidated with. 
Robert S. Sands: Yeah, you know, in terms of costs, there’s a lot of puts and takes and obviously that’s all built into our guidance for the year. Patty or [Bob] can talk to you more about that if you would like but you know, nothing that you should be particularly concerned about. And relative to flipping a switch, as I said it will all be put in place over the next say 60 days-ish, you know, not everything will happen simultaneously but it will be in place prior to the beginning of the key selling season, beginning with October. So 60, 90 days. 
Robert S. Sands: Yeah, well, you know, our growth is a bit behind the general growth but in general, we don’t really operate the business, okay, on the basis of maintaining share, especially in the short-term in a largely fragmented category. You know, it’s not the same kind of thing as if you are selling potato chips. Now, we’ve also taken pricing during the period, so if you look at our average pricing versus the same period a year ago, it’s up and that always has an impact on share and also that if you just look in general at our volume growth versus our dollar growth, our dollar growth is ahead of our volume growth. Again, related to pricing, which will have some impact on share. You know, we’re growing generally in line with our respective categories. We could be off a bit here and there but again, we are much more concerned about striking the right balance between profit and volume as opposed to just worrying about share per se.  Also, we have had -- as a -- there’s probably a couple hundred basis points of impact on SKU -- of SKU rationalization that -- we know that that’s flowing through at least on the shipment side and flowing through to depletion. You know, retail sales lag a little bit but you know, there is an impact of SKU rationalization on the retail numbers as well.  So you know, we have large brands, large brands aren’t going to grow as fast as small new brands, so in general we are happy and tend to look at our growth rates for our brands on an absolute basis, meaning are they growing at the rate we think is important. Like a brand like Woodbridge, as opposed to, you know, is it taking share versus all the little brands that are coming and going in the marketplace. 
Robert S. Sands: And when Bob talks about the value category growing faster, it’s on a dollar basis, not on a volume basis. It’s growing slower on a volume basis and faster on a dollar basis. 
Robert S. Sands: Well, thank you, everybody, for joining our call today. I would say that we are off to a solid start in fiscal 2010, despite the ongoing challenges from a tough macro environment that everybody is facing.  Now, during the quarter, we did decrease debt, we realized the benefit from our cost reduction efforts and in doing so, we improved our operating margins. I believe we are well-positioned to achieve our free cash flow and EPS goals for the year. I am especially excited about the implementation of our new distributor initiative and go-to-market strategy. We’ll certainly have more to say about this in the next coming weeks and next quarter when we talk to you again.  Now in addition, we are planning on an investor day in New York for the early to mid November timeframe, so stay tuned for the details on that. And thank you again for your participation and we hope you are able to enjoy some of our great products during the upcoming Fourth of July weekend. 
Robert P. Ryder: You know, we do look at that stuff but if we were real good on anticipating for-ex rates, we’d be working down on Wall Street but what we try to do with all our -- with our hedged activities is we try to offset the volatility, so for instance in this quarter, we actually saw some positive impact from our hedges, whereas in last year’s first quarter, we saw some negative impact from hedges specifically. Now, there are offsetting things helping the other line items. But we don’t -- it’s not really a big number. We expect for-ex volatility to be maybe a positive/negative of about $0.01 in any quarter. 
Robert P. Ryder: No, but I’d say you can figure it out -- it was about a penny positive this year and about a penny negative last year, so the -- so again, in any quarter it’s about a penny but this quarter when you look year over year, the delta is a positive to a negative so it sort of makes it look bigger than it is. 
Robert P. Ryder: I think the biggest product in that category is our cider business in the U.K. and the cider business in the U.K. is very much a summer product, so you might see like a higher number in say the second quarter. You also have a lot of translation going on because most of those sales are overseas. 
Robert P. Ryder: Well, we sort of look at it all as one big bucket but obviously as we said, negative mix shift had a pretty big impact on us in the quarter because -- and this is a general statement -- as you move down the price ladder, the gross profit margin tends to be less.  The thing we are really happy about is we sort of saw this coming and we took some pretty dramatic cost-out actions and those cost-out actions are offsetting most of the negative mix shift up in gross profit. You can see the SG&A coming down. 
Robert P. Ryder: The fourth quarter generally had some anomalies that caused the margins to be lower year over year but I’d say in Q1, we saw slightly better margins than in Q4 so it’s getting a little bit better and I think you got the point, Christine, of the cost-savings initiatives that we began at the end of last year are really starting to kick in in Q1. You know, in Q1 we had to take out quite a few Constellation associates and that will continue through the balance of year and we are also taking some facility actions and we are being really cautious on our marketing spend. On spending that we can hold back on, we are holding back on. 
Robert P. Ryder: Sure. So what we said, and this is just for the global cost initiative that we announced I think in the fourth quarter call last year, we will be taking out savings this year, $25 million, full-year run-rate is $50 million because we will only have about a half-year of savings this year, so again you will see our savings as we go through the year pick up. I mean, again unfortunately just last week we announced 100 people would be leaving the U.S. wine business and that will be happening in Q2 and forward quarters, so it continues to -- 
Robert P. Ryder: Yeah, so what I’d say is -- and if you compare it to prior quarters, both Europe and Asia-Pacific sales were up a lot. I wouldn’t get too excited about that, I guess. In the U.K., or in Europe the big thing driving that is in the previous year in the fourth quarter when the governments announced the duty increase, which as you’ll recall was pretty sizable. They gave a decent amount of time between the announcement and the implementation of the duty increase, so it gave everybody quite a while to sort of buy in a lot of product ahead of the duty increase, and what that ended up doing was it sort of kept our first quarter sales lower as that inventory sold through. This year when the duty increase was announced, there was no time between announcement and execution, so that duty buy-in didn’t happen. So it’s sort of a technical year-over-year selling activity which should even out over time. Really what happened is inventory got built up, so that’s sort of Europe.  And in Asia-Pacific, it’s more related again to some timing of sales into mostly the Japanese market, which I think will also even out over time. The other thing to keep into account is unfortunately sales in these two regions have a much lower margin than sales in North America, so as sales growth accelerates versus North America in any quarter, that tends to be a negative geographic mix shift for us. 
Robert P. Ryder: So John, just a little bit of background math, when we are talking negative mix, we’re talking to previous year, okay? So what we are seeing is what Rob just said -- the total wine category is growing pretty consistently with prior years, say 4% to 5%. The brands below $5 are going a lot faster than they were last year, okay? The brands above $5 a bottle at retail are growing slower than last year but the brands above $5 a bottle are still growing in line with the total category. They used to grow faster than the total category.  So when we say mix shift, we’re talking year over year and you can see if you look at IRI or Nielsen data that the lower priced brand -- this is across beverage alcohol, right? We see the same thing in our beer portfolio -- the lower priced brands are now growing much faster than they were last year. The higher priced brands are not growing as fast as they did last year. They are all still in growth. 
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I think that’s true because we will have -- of the $25 million in savings, okay, we’ll see much more of that in Q2, Q3, Q4. We would also hope that the gross margin might improve a bit if the economy starts to improve a bit but we’re not really relying on that. 
Robert P. Ryder: Most of it was around SG&A, okay? The two big things were -- the first was our global cost initiative, which we started last year. We saw a reasonable amount of savings of that in Q1. The other piece -- 
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, primarily people, I’m sorry, yes. And the other thing, the other big ticket item, which again was primarily people, when we sold our value spirits business, which used to be an entire segment with a lot of very capable people in mostly Chicago running the business, we took the two largest, highest gross profit margin brands and we plugged them into our North American wine business to leverage that SG&A and unfortunately again, we had to eliminate the spirits SG&A, which resided in the ex spirits segments. That actually for this quarter provided quite a bit of SG&A savings for us. That’s a permanent savings that the people are no longer within the company. 
Robert P. Ryder: I’d say yes, yes, and yes. SVEDKA is really hitting on all cylinders, so even in places like New York City where it has heavy penetration, okay, we still see per capita consumption increases. We’re also focusing on increasing penetration on the West Coast where it’s under-represented in the Vodka category. And the marketing and sales guys are spending a lot of time on that and we are seeing some success there.  And also the economy is certainly helping SVEDKA because it is at a price point for a 750-millilitre, save off $10 a bottle, so my guess is is getting some sales from products like the Kettle One and Grey Goose, which are say $20 to $30, so two to three times that price point, because SVEDKA offers the premium positioning. It has all the marketing glitz and it’s a great tasting product like those others. It’s just more affordable.  So I’d say it’s a very good product in general and it’s an even better product in these economic times and we are seeing the results of that. I mean, it will be above 2 million cases at the end of this fiscal year. That is a sizable spirits brand and it’s still growing in the high double-digits. We’re -- it’s pretty amazing. The team there, the commercial team is doing a fantastic job with that product. 
Robert P. Ryder: So within cost of goods, we did see some increase in grape costs and we did see some increase in glass costs, okay, across the portfolio. But we also saw generally a mix shift to -- even if those were the same, we saw mix shift towards lower gross profit margin product, so that -- those three things were the big movers in the gross profit mix shift. But again, we offset most of those with our SG&A reduction initiatives. 
Robert P. Ryder: Yeah, when we see the pricing, really we can see this in the spirits, the beer, and the wine category in the value segments. You actually see pricing and I guess positive mix shift in the value segment. We see that in North America across all the beverage alcohol categories. The U.K. is a very different market in that there’s kind of a price ceiling there that’s put in mostly by the retailers who use beverage alcohol to sort of just get people in the stores.  So although -- you know, we do see a general, a mix shift positive in the U.K. In our category and in wine, we’re still seeing a pretty much in total a stabilization of that price point. There’s kind of a ceiling there, which impacts everybody’s margin in beverage alcohol in the U.K. 
Robert P. Ryder: The other -- I’ll just add another math comment in that we are under-represented share wise in the below $5 a bottle, and as we said earlier, that is growing much faster than the above $5 a bottle, so if you look at total wine category and our share of wine category, a lot of our share loss would be the fact that we’ve chosen not to participate heavily in the under $5 a bottle at retail and we’ve made that decision because the profit margins at that level are kind of less than we would want.  So that’s kind of one of the math reasons why we are losing share total. In the premium plus category, so $5 a bottle and more, we’re pretty close to growing with that category. It’s much less demonstrative. 
