Bill Newlands: Sure, I'll take the first half of that, we're very excited about Corona hard seltzer in part, just because of the refreshment DNA that's attached to the Corona brand. We obviously have done a lot of product testing a lot of product research to make sure that we have a product that meets or exceeds the other key players in the marketplace. So we are quite comfortable with the sheer quality of the product that we're going to bring to the table. And as usual
Bill Newlands: Yeah comment on the buybacks, our targeted range is three to four times. Our preference would be at the midpoint of the range but now that we're now that we're back in the range we will definitely look to be opportunistic as we move forward.
Bill Newlands: Sure. I think I think one of the things and David just pointed out, we remain as committed as we always have to getting ourselves into the range and as he said, we're pleased that we have gotten into the top end of our range, earlier than we had anticipated. We have a tremendous amount of opportunity with our core existing franchisees you have seen and you will continue to see a relentless focus on the critical categories and brands that we see as high margin, high-growth opportunities and we will invest to take significant share within those where we see issues and problems, much like you point out the Ballast Point or the low end of our wine business, we are prepared to take action to make sure we are focused on where the consumer is going rather than where they have been. And those are two examples of that. I think what that will do -- that will allow us to continue to focus all of our attention on the premiumization play both in the beer business and the Wine and spirits business so that we continue to be the leader and when someone sits in this chair 10 years from now, they'll be able to tell the same story that I just told, which is a great decade of tremendous growth for our company and for our shareholders.
Bill Newlands: Well, I think that excites us about the Corona seltzer introduction is that first of all, the category appears to continue to have real strength. And this is a lot of growth potential in it. As I said a moment ago I think there's probably 2x to 3x where it sits today, which creates tremendous opportunity for those of us, we're going to play in the category. I think on our expectation would be that we would have a similar type of cannibalization profile that we saw around Premier, which is as you might recall, was in the 70% to 75% range Incremental so this, we think this is a great opportunity for us. But, I would also encourage all of you on the call to keep in mind as they -- exciting is this launch will be Modelo Especial is likely to be our single biggest grower next year. This continues to be a brand that is absolutely on fire. It grew 15% and the most recent period and it had 30 plus consecutive years of double-digit growth. This is a brand that's going to be and remain a significant foundational play for this company for many, many years to come.
Bill Newlands: Sure. No, I think you should be very positive about our expectations around our core business. We were particularly excited that the Corona Extra business returned and renewed in growth in the third quarter. As I stated, certainly the price increases that we talk, particularly in the State of California gave us a very brief factor that you saw in the most recent IRI data, but we do not expect that to have any impact on our longer-term trends in the back as I alluded to earlier, our December depletion growth profile overall was in the high single-digit range, which is ahead of our year-to-date trends. So we remain very very bullish. And when you think about things like Modelo and Pacifico and the addition of our seltzer business. I think you're going to see a continued strong delivery against our business in the range that we had said we would do. And with that we will deliver for this year.
Bill Newlands: So relative to the our depletion trends for the fourth quarter we expect fully expect that our depletion trends for the fourth quarter are going to be in the high single-digit range much like December presented itself. Look we remain extremely bullish about the long-range prospects for our beer business
Bill Newlands: Yeah there on the contractor settlement even in the year S/4HANA kind of production build that we did in Q3 that gave us a benefit you know these are all a few to several million dollars each. And if you think about last year -- rewind to last year I think in Q3, we had an issue with glass production in the quarter. So we get these impacts every single quarter that are -- call it $3 million to $7 million each and sometimes they kind of aggregate in our favor, sometimes they go against us. But if you look at our total operating margins in say FY '18 we're at 39.5% FY19 we're at 39.3% and this year we're saying we're going to be between 39.5 million to 40 million. I think by the time you get to the end of the year all these little timing let's go away and we end up in a pretty consistent margin range in this business, which I'll point out maybe for the last time is by far our best-in-class in North American.
Bill Newlands: Sure, I'd say, and I've said this many times I think Modelo remains the single largest opportunity for this company.
Bill Newlands: The Beach experience is perfect for this. As we said earlier, that the these seltzer consumer -- has generally been increasing their overall consumption of the total alcoholic beverage category, which I think speaks well for the overall category of seltzers going forward and the strength of the Corona brand name together with the investment that we're going to make against it, we're quite bullish on it.
Bill Newlands: So I'll start with that, David, can add as we would like. During that discussion. One of the things we were quite clear about relative to our guidance is there will be some years where things go our way cost are better, FX is better certain things just simply are favorable to what we would view as sustainable long-term proposition around our margin structure, this year has been one of those and we're certainly happy to take it, but it's also realistic to recognize that those things can go either way. As I said, this year it has gone in our favor, and we continue to work. As you would expect on our, on our operational footprint to make sure we are extracting every ounce of opportunity as it relates to cost, but this year on our way and we're quite pleased that it has. David, you want to.
Bill Newlands: I would just add to David's comments that much like our beer margin structure is best of class. I think you would expect that our seltzer margin structure as we get to critical mass, will also be best-in class versus the competition.
Bill Newlands: Yes, so on marketing spend. Yeah. We expect that that our spend will be up on a year-over-year basis in Q4. And that's -- you can kind of calculate back to get into that 9.5% to 10% range. As I said, that's most likely to be seltzer production marketing production costs and then we think that this has been -- will be a little bit weighted to the first quarter and certainly the first half of the year. Well, we're just getting the product on the shelf. We'll want to make sure that we're driving a consumer activity at that point in time.
Bill Newlands: Yeah, I think the best thing that, so it's not our decision. Let me just be clear about that is acreages decision, but to the extent that we develop outstanding products for use in the Canadian market if Acreage can bring those to the US and they’re comfortable to do so, we think that's a home run all around like throughout our cannabis ecosystem, if you will, that's a benefit to Canopy that's a benefit to acreage in some of our Constellation team has been helpful in making sure that the products are meeting the expectations of the consumer in the marketplace.
Bill Newlands: Yes, we're very pleased with the Refresca, it has outperformed what our expectations were. And we're going to continue to invest behind it to make sure it continues to grow, as I said a little earlier, we don't expect the shelf interaction to get in the way between our Seltzer and our and our Refresca businesses. We think they serve different needs although admittedly, there is some interaction between in FMB consumer and Seltzer consumer. But we think there is room for both of those products in the market and we're looking forward to seeing continued acceleration of both the Refresca franchise as well as the, as well as -- Hard Seltzer when it comes out.
Bill Newlands: So relative to Familiar. Familiar continues to do very well, particularly in the core Hispanic community, which is where it was originally targeted. So we continue to think that Familiar is going to be an important part, particularly with the Hispanic consumer in very specific demographics and very specific geographic regional opportunities. Relative to Premier, Premier continues to do very nicely and we're excited about it, obviously there has been some impact. The cannibalization that has occurred has been impacting Light as you would expect to some degree. But Premier also opens up a bunch of new consumers to our franchise as well who are looking more for that low-carb positioning that Premier presents. So we remain very bullish on the future for Premier, and we're going to continue to invest against that franchise going forward. And again, it goes right back to -- we are always pleased when more and more consumers spend more and more dollars against the overall Corona franchise. People believe in this franchise. It is the number one, as I said before, number one most trusted brand with both Hispanic and non-Hispanic consumers 21 to 54 and that gives us the chance to continue to leverage -- new introductions like Refresca, Premier, and Hard Seltzer which is obviously coming in this coming fiscal year. So we remain very bullish on the overall Corona franchise and I think the fact that franchise was one of the few growth brand franchises over the course of the last decade, shows the real longevity for that brand.
Bill Newlands: Well, thanks very much. And I guess I'd be remiss David if I didn't say that all the congratulations you just received are well deserved. We're certainly going to miss you on this side, but we'll be happy to get our 37%. Thank you everyone for joining our call today. Before our closing, I'd like to reiterate what a powerful decade this year been for Constellation our results over the past 10 years are a testament to the dynamic strategic efforts made by our strong management team, through our current initiatives and priorities. We are positioning this company for a sustained long-term success and therefore we are just as excited and optimistic that the next 10 years will continue the momentum into the fourth quarter as well as a strong finish to this fiscal year. As a reminder, during our next quarterly call. As I said earlier, we will be providing guidance for the upcoming fiscal year. So thanks again everyone for joining the call. I wish you all a safe happy and prosperous New Year and new decade thanks everyone.
David Klein: It is just beginning to craft into the general market if this had a very, very strong run with its core Hispanic base and continues to grow with that audience and as many of you know, we do have a great tailwind with the growth of the Hispanic consumer. In the United States, which will continue to give us a tailwind for a fair amount of time, but as you know our advertising in our marketing activities around the Gallo have been expanded to a broader audience and the growth profile within the non-Hispanic consumer is tremendous. So we see our remaining tremendous upside in Modelo going to your question that about what else we will be introducing the more products, so in different size we have size opportunities. And as you all know we have done nothing truly to innovate around Modelo outside of the business which has done extremely well for us. So we think Modelo is going to continue to be a not well into the next decade, and we will likely be the single largest growth product and brand for us going forward.
David Klein: Sure, and I'll comment on, on the kind of timing of spend and it really is, it's a timing issue. We expect that we will finish the year that said, in the 9.5% to 10% range of net sales. At the same time, we expect
David Klein: Sure. So let's talk about the sets and where we expect to see Seltzer. Seltzer is in all likelihood not going to take space from our core beer franchise the consumer views it is something different. The retailers viewing it as something different, whether it's on the shelf or in the cold box. So we think there will be a distinct differentiation of product location versus just cannibalizing existing shelf space. That's the way it's been so far, we believe that will continue. This -- the answer to your question regarding whether this is a category or a brand. I think we've solved that answer for ourselves with Research. Our consumer and the seltzer consumer is very interested in the idea of Corona hard seltzer. In part because of what I said earlier, which is a whole refreshment DNA around the core Corona brand. The strength of Corona in that whole refreshment
David Klein: Yeah, -- Steve, I would say that we are, please. I'm convinced we have some of the best operations people on the planet. In order to produce the results that we do on a consistent basis. A new -- caution
David Klein: Yes, so on FX and again, we get some volatility in FX in the IR team. I think that’s a nice job of trying to lock in bumps in the peso which gives us a little tailwind -- especially given the volatility between the USD and the peso over the last couple of years. Right, so we think that in the quarter that was about 60 basis points of impact on margins. And then -- yeah, I think you can think about it a lot like Premier. So kind of the spread throughout the quarters of the year should look just like the Premier launch.
