Rob Sands: Yeah, Nik, that’s something that we have done over the years. We’ve really shed the bulk of the low-end portfolio. I think around, I don’t know 2008 when I became CEO and we disposed off the Almaden and Inglenook brands, which were primarily by that time 5-liter bag in the box which really represents the vast majority of the sub-premium market. Now that said, we do desire to continue to offer a full portfolio of wine to both our wholesale and retail customers, because even elements of the sub-premium part of the business remain important. And for us to remain a relevant supplier, we feel that it’s strategically important to remain in that business. Now that said, we really do not focus any of our advertising or marketing dollars against those brands and have really shifted almost virtually a 100% of those resources against our higher margin or I should say high margin focus brands and to drive a positive mix in the business. So that’s currently where we stand. We don’t have any plans to divest anymore of the tail part of the portfolio.
Rob Sands: I think it’s both Bryan. I mean the Beer business volume and dollar growth is tracking well ahead of our expectations. We don’t really see a chink in that armor in the rest of the year. So we really don’t have any reason to believe at this stage that there will be a significant slowdown. So, yes, that has caused us to realistically raise our guidance on beer growth for the year to 10% net sales.
Rob Sands: No. I mean, there is really nothing to share. I mean, obviously, the timing was related to when we had these discussions internally and when, therefore, it was appropriate to make the announcement relative to Bob’s departure. So there is really nothing more or less to it than that. Obviously, when the decision was made that that Bob was leaving, we had to make an announcement and I don’t really care when that announcement would have been made it would have seen as it did at whatever time it was, so that’s pretty much it, Judy.
Rob Sands: Yeah. We don’t expect any material cost savings from the restructuring really because that was more of a streamlining in some areas and a reallocation in other areas. So really what we’ve done here is we’ve taken a look at the business. We’ve said okay what areas could use greater efficiencies, streamlining, areas that aren’t -- I'll say commercially oriented, aren’t directly related to revenue and that we thought could function better and if they were streamlined and made more efficient. At the same time, we are reallocating resources to what we think are critical revenue and growth driving areas for the future of Bill Newlands’ innovation and growth organization. We’re building a big organization, a reasonably large organization under Bill to continue to drive effective growth and innovation. We’re also redirecting dollars to the commercial side of the business in the form of brand building activities again that we think will continue to drive organic growth. So again, we’re just being prudent around making sure that we are investing in the right areas of the business for the future.
Rob Sands: For innovation, yeah, and it’s not Chicago per se, I mean, it’s really San Francisco and Chicago where -- it's both places where beer, Wine and Spirits innovation people are located and then the commercial side of the businesses as I said we’re -- we continue to increase our spends in advertising and marketing because we think that it’s critical to continue to drive the kind of success that we’ve had. So in particular, the commercial side of beer is a very important part of the business for us to continue to invest in because we can’t just take our current growth and be penny wise and dollar foolish for the future. We have to make sure that we are taking all of the right steps to ensure that we are able to maintain this kind of hit it out of the ballpark growth that we’ve been enjoying.
Rob Sands: It’s an interesting Pinot Noir. I mean it did become successful as it is, because it’s sort of a run of the mill product. It’s a somewhat unique product for a Pinot Noir and that it’s a little heavier and fuller body than I would say your typical California Pinot Noir in that price point.
Rob Sands: Yeah. No, we really haven’t disclosed it. But the purchase price pre-synergies was about 10 times the transferred margins. So post-synergies, it’s going to be significantly better than that. So it’s real good deal especially given the growth rate, which was I think 50% in IRI on over a half a million cases in the last 12 months. So, I mean tremendous deal.
Rob Sands: Yes. I think that we will continue to see two things, okay, increased marketing and the concentration of that marketing against the smaller subset of brands. As I mentioned, we have initiated TV marketing at fairly significant rates against Black Box, Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi, for example. And with the way that we can measure very directly now through household type surveys and pantry studies the impact of our advertising, we believe quite strongly that some of these campaigns, in particular the Black Box and the Mondavi Woodbridge that we have previously tested is actually not only good for longer-term brand building, but we think that it pays back in the short run with the incremental increase in purchases and consumption that we’ve seen in the test markets where we run these ads. So we are expanding that. And I think that what you’re seeing basically is our depletion growth, which was in the 3.5% range, which is an acceleration, is indicative that what we’re doing is working. And then also from a depletion point of view, which is a little hard to see through our financial results, which are shipment based, we are seeing a pretty significant increase in mix as well against the business. So pretty much I would say that what we are doing here is working pretty well, in fact I think very well. So we are pretty optimistic about the Wine and Spirits business for the remainder of the year.
Rob Sands: Yes. So May was tough for some of our competitors. It was not particularly tough for ourselves. We saw a slight deceleration, but it was probably a result of their being one less selling day in the month, which has about a 1/20th or a 5% anticipated impact, June, very strong. IRI dollars for our Beer business in the four week period ending 06/21, up 14% for Constellation’s Beer business in dollars, so we see no negative impact or unusual occurrence relative to May on our business. But as I said, yeah, some of our competitors have found that period to be difficult. And regionally the answer continues to be no as well. There is nothing going on regionally for us in terms of a shift of geographic mix, or we’re not seeing an acceleration in some parts of the country and a slowdown and other. Everything is pretty much steady as it goes, so nothing for us. Hence, we increased our guidance now for the year to the 10% sales growth range on the Beer business because as I said in my -- in the answer to some of the earlier questions, it’s just evident to us that our previous guidance was understated relative to current and expected trends for the remainder of the year.
Rob Sands: Yes. So just kind of to look at quarter-over-quarter and I will focus on Corona because remember, Modelo Especial is a big can brand, right. But the new launch is really focused on Corona Extra. And for Corona Extra, say first quarter last year, about 3% of our depletions were in cans and this year was about 5%. We clearly believe that we’ll continue to see the can momentum build. And we also know, however, that we won’t end up with a can mix like the domestic players. But we think we can someday line up maybe more in line with some of the other import players in terms of their can mix.
Rob Sands: Yes. Maybe. I would say, yes. I’d say, we did see a little bit of impact of weather towards the end of May but everything just kind of bounced right back in June. So it’s kind of hard to say whether there was really any impact from that. Probably as I said, the sell day was the greatest impact that we had in May, even though the weather had do have had some kind of effect on a temporary basis on the sales. But we don’t think that it was anything material and it certainly hasn’t driven any trend change into the extent that I don’t know, in Texas people couldn’t get out and buy beer, they restocked.
Rob Sands: I think that the one deal a year is an overstatement. Let’s see, since I have been CEO for the last eight years, I think we’ve done three deals of that nature, Mark West, Casa Noble, and now Meiomi. Our strategy hasn’t changed. No, we don’t -- I don’t think that there is any more significant deal flow. I wouldn’t suggest anything different will occur from a number or timing perspective. We keep our eye open for these kinds of things that come around every once in a while. They are very advantageous if it’s the right thing at the right time. We tried to stay away from some of the -- I’m going to say trendier stuff that has the tendency to kind of go up and down. You take Meiomi, you take Mark West. These were classic brands in a category. In this case, pinot noir, which is not trendy, but fast growing and will continue we believe to be a fast growing varietal as people continue to discover pinot noir. And we think taste preferences are on a long-term basis changing towards pinot noir. So Mark West covers sort of the $10 to $12 pinot noir range and Meiomi covers sort of the $20-plus pinot noir range. So that puts us in a really strong position in one of the fastest growing and most stable segments of wine, which is the pinot noir varietal in particular. So now no change in sort of the frequency or of those kind of deals.
Rob Sands: Okay. Well, thank you everyone for joining our call today. We covered a lot of ground. But before we go, I want to reiterate how pleased we are with the excellent performance of our business this quarter. Our team plans to continue to capitalize on the tremendous momentum we have underway in the Beer business to drive growth and enhance financial performance. From a Wine and Spirits perspective, we are gaining traction and we are on track to achieve our goals for the year. I’m also excited about the acquisition of Meiomi wine business, which is an excellent addition to our portfolio. Our fiscal '16 is off to a great start and we are eager to continue this momentum into our summer selling season. As we head into the 4th of July holiday weekend, I hope you remember to bring some of our fine wine products to your celebration and to please enjoy them responsibly. We will be on the road next week as we begin to introduce David Klein to those of you he has not already met. So I look forward to seeing you.
David Klein: Yes. So, as you probably know we still have about $700 million remaining under previously authorize share repurchase program. I would say as Rob outlined our capital allocation priorities, we do have the brewery build out underway. We have just recently instituted the dividend. And so I think we need to work our way through those but we are open to share repurchases once again when the time is right.
David Klein: Yeah. Bryan, so there is a lot of activity going on in Nava as you would expect, right. And so, the first thing is that, we are going to see that really begin to come online our packaging lines. We don’t expect actual brew house to be in a functioning state until closer to the end of the calendar year. But I can say that, at this point everything is going according to plan in the build-out at Nava.
David Klein: Yeah. So what you would see year-over-year, Q1 to Q1 is, margin expansion driven by pricing, as well as COGS improvement as our procurement team has taken over the procurement activities at the brewery. For the rest of the year and by the way the brewery also was operating effectively at capacity in the first quarter which gives us the better number as well. For the rest of the year, we are going to bring on several packaging lines, we are going to bring on part of a new warehouse and we are going to bring on the first 5 million hectoliters of brewing capacity. And once we put them in service, meaning, we have run beer down the line or beer through the brew house for commercial sale, we then put those assets into service, which means we begin depreciation. However, at that point, there is still a lot of work as you might imagine that goes into optimizing the lines in the brew house and the warehouse, and any of that expense that happen after we put the assets into service falls right to the bottomline as an expense, right. So we expect that that’s going to create some of the choppiness for the rest of the year. And then, additionally, as I mentioned, in my initial comments, we have an inflation adjustment on the finished goods that we are buying from ABI that actually took effect the first week of June. So I think that really kind of bridges this out from the 34.8% really to the 33% range, which we called out.
David Klein: Yeah. We built in -- again our procurement guys have done an outstanding job of really getting us some great benefits. We’ve built that into the guidance that we’ve provided for the year.
David Klein: Yeah. I would say in the, kind of breakout between Corona and Model is 50. I think the interesting thing that we’ve seen in our portfolio over the recent history has been the growth and acceleration of growth for Corona Extra. About 40% of that growth has been driven by the can introduction, which we are very pleased. But again, it’s such a large brand that the Corona brand growing is very good for Constellation. And I would say that we still -- we expect to continue to see the growth rates that we’ve been experiencing recently for Modelo Especial and others. There is no indication that that brand is slowing down at this time.
David Klein: We think the cannibalization rate is fairly low, actually probably below everybody’s expectation. So, I don’t think we can really know what the cannibalization rate is by the way, right, because you’d have to say well, okay, glass would have grown at X percent but for the cans, we can’t answer that question necessarily. And so we think the cans are representing -- let's put it this way, primarily incremental business. So probably at this like 3% to 5% that we’re talking about right now, cans are being used on occasions where glass could not here 2%, 4%, have been used. And therefore, we think pretty low cannibalization and pretty much incremental growth.
David Klein: Yes. I think as you know our tax rate, our ATR in a given quarter is really driven by the geography of the earnings and our resolution of our various tax issues. So I would say that for us we are confident in the 30.5 rate and we don’t really have a view on the quarters where the delta will land.
