Bill Newlands: Sure. Dara, a couple of things on the depletion trends. As I mentioned during my prepared remarks, our depletion trends in December were actually up higher than our year-to-date rate which was at 9%. So we're still very comfortable with the growth profile of our business. What's also important to note is that our share gaining performance during that quarter remained consistent with our share gaining performance over the course of the year. So our delta to the market remained very, very strong and we're confident that this is going to be a continuing trend. Relative to innovation, we think there's a lot of runway yet to go in Premier. We continued to see accelerating velocities in that business, and we expect that that's going to be an important part of our overall mix for our Corona brand family going forward. Lastly, Refresca, well it's a little early to tell. We're extremely excited about this. Our research and our testing that we've done on Refresca suggests this will be over 80% incremental to our core franchise and will bring new customers into our business. So we think this is going to be a tremendous launch that will occur during the early part of our next fiscal year.
Bill Newlands: Well, certainly the growth profile of the wine business, I think is going to continue to be in that $11. Now we've seen premiumization be an ongoing play for years and years and years and I don't see that changing any. Therefore, I wouldn't see that there would be a lot of difference in the whole question of being able for category captaincy. People look for organizations that have growth profiles and for people that have deep consumer understanding of where the market's going and why. Relative to the decline in our low-end business which is reflective in the earnings position. We've certainly seen that and we said this last quarter, our shipments have been ahead of our depletions, partially driven by our desire to make sure we had adequate inventory levels heading into the holiday season. And frankly that needs to correct in Q4. The low end of the business, which we've said, we are looking at strategic alternatives has suffered the most and that's not surprising when you make a statement of that ilk.
Bill Newlands: Sure. Why don't I take the first piece of that and I think David will take the last piece of that. Let me just remind everyone upfront that we are in a quite period, they are in a quite period at this point in time. So we will be reflecting things that have been in the public domain. Yes, Canopy has been progressing with the kind of market share, which we have said before is in the 30-plus-percent range of the total cannabis business in Canada. We also if you'll recall projected that the Canadian market as part of our total global projections of where we thought the market would go would be in the $5 billion to $7 billion range. And just this past week the Canadian government has estimated that the consumption of cannabis by Canadians in the third quarter was at a run rate of $5.9 billion, which of course is right smack in the middle of what the initial projections were. I'll remind everyone, beverages are not currently available in Canada. We expect and Canopy expects that that will change later this calendar year. But an exact date of that has not been defined yet. But I can assure you when and if that eventuality occurs and we certainly expect that it will. The Canopy will be in a position to take advantage of that opportunity.
Bill Newlands: Sure. So let me answer the last one first. Any of the products that we have discussed, meaning Familiar and Premier and so forth, we're agnostic as to which product actually gets sold. The margin and profit profile of those individual products are virtually the same. Relative, so let's go back for just a minute to the question of cannibalization. We have seen the cannibalization exactly as we expected. In fact, if anything, it's been slightly less, meaning, more incremental than we had expected with Premier and Familiar. One of the things that we have done extensively and we are continuing to do and I think your point's a good one, is we have had the Shopper First initiative, where our emphasis has been, based on in-store research, as to what an appropriate shelf should look like that focuses on the right set of brands for retailers to maximize their benefit in the beer section. Of course, the beauty of that is, we actually come out pretty well on that issue. And that opens up significant opportunities for us to expand distribution and shelf space. And frankly, we need that shelf space, because our portfolio with its share-gaining performance really demands that kind of shelf placement improvement. I would also mention that Refresca, which you asked a question about, we'll probably not be sitting in the middle of the beer section. This is an alternative beverage alcohol product that will placed – be placed in the different door of the cold box. And will compete with other brands, not necessarily directly within our franchise and we think this is great, because it opens up another window coming from the great equity that Corona has and has had for many years.
Bill Newlands: Sure. As I said in my prepared remarks, our efforts in Mexicali have been totally in compliance with all Mexican law and has been done with a deep understanding of water usage. We do not believe this is a major issue, and we believe that all is going to proceed as planned with our Mexicali site. I will say and I said this also with the completion of our Nava facility as well as our expansion at Obregon that after the five million hectoliters of Mexicali comes online that facility will only represent 10% roughly of our total capacity in Mexico one way or the other.
Bill Newlands: Thank you, everyone for joining our call today. I want to take this opportunity to wish all of you a safe and happy and prosperous new year. And as Rob said at the beginning, hopefully you'll do that while enjoying some of our fine products. I'm honored to assume the role of Constellation's CEO in just a few short months, and I look forward to capturing the great opportunities that lie ahead of us for our company. We look forward, David and I to seeing many of you at the CAGNY Conference in late February, where we'll be providing an update on our strategic business initiatives. As a reminder, during our next quarterly call we will provide our guidance for the upcoming fiscal year. So thanks again to everyone for joining the call and have a great day.
A – David Klein: Yes. No we're still comfortable with flat, Bonnie. And if we kind of breakdown the gross – the Q3 gross margin, the transportation and logistics headwind accelerated a little bit for us in Q3, but we still, because of the productivity initiatives, we still were well on track to at least maintain our margins in the quarter. And then we had an issue with some raw material inputs into our glass facility in Nava, which caused us to have to slow down the furnaces and lower throughput for the plant in Q3. That's a one-time issue. But it created a headwind that the other – that in addition to the freight headwinds, we weren't able to overcome. But other – again other than a slight acceleration in our transportation and logistics cost headwind and the glass issue, we remain – we remain on track with where we thought we would be with gross margins.
A – David Klein: Yes. So in terms of any proceeds of any asset dispositions that may come up over a period time, we would first make sure that we're comfortably within our targeted leverage ratio range. And then beyond that, as we've committed today, we'd be focused on returning cash to our shareholders. With respect to the Canopy warrants, and I want to be really clear about this, we're going to return $4.5 billion to our investors and we can fund the Canopy warrants. However, we'll only fund the Canopy warrants, if it make sense and the business is unfolding as we expect when we get into November of 2021. So if that business is going well, we think our investors will be happy for us to exercise those warrants. And if the business isn't going well, we'll have a lot more cash to return to our investors.
A – David Klein: Then we've also said in the past that, about 30% of our volume comes at the greater than $11 price point. And then if you look at Woodbridge. Woodbridge by itself is about 20% of our volume. And of course, when we're looking the greater than $11 price point, we get a lot more dollars out of that volume. But that gives you a sense for what else is in the portfolio.
A – Bill Newlands: Sure. I think, Nik, the way we're thinking about the wine business is this. We have an entire stable of brands that generate outstanding gross margins and have high growth profiles at the high-end of our business. You've heard me say before something like Kim Crawford has a 68% gross margin. It's a terrific business, as is Meiomi and many of our other brands and the Prisoner and things of that nature. We have been challenged by the lower end of our business, which in totality has been flat to down and we continue to be slightly over-weighted into that sector of the business. So we – as we've said before are taking a strategic look at what our portfolio should look like going forward, which could include disposition of some of the lower end of our portfolio. Our long-term view is that the high-end of the business, which is the – in our judgment, primarily are driven by over $11 price point is where we're going to get the kind of margin structure and growth profile that we think we would like to see for our wine business going forward.
A – Bill Newlands: Sure. No, we expect – the way we have traditionally run is no matter what our situation is coming into the fourth quarter, we get our depletions and our shipments to balance during the course of the fourth quarter. So we would not expect that this would have impact on next fiscal year.
A – Bill Newlands: Yes. One of the things that you see going on with Corona Extra is good news – what I would call a good news, bad news situation. Premier has done so well. And even though the incrementality is over 70%, which is phenomenal, the better it does, the more it has some impact on our other franchises from which it does take some cannibalization. So – and obviously, as you can have all seen, Corona Premier has virtually done twice what we expected it to do heading into this fiscal year. So it's been a phenomenal success. What I do believe is that the Corona franchise continues to have significant upside across the entire brand family. And my – just as a marketing belief, I think that the more Corona brand family we can provide to the consumer and that the consumer buys is outstanding for the long-term equity of the Corona brand family. So we're very optimistic. You then in turn add Corona Refresca, which brings a whole different consumer profile to the table. As I said during my prepared remarks, it appears that that will be in – at the high end of the incrementality that we saw with Premier, which was best-in-class. So again this will help to enhance the number of times that consumers in this country are picking up a Corona brand family product, and I think that speaks very well to the long-term franchise of Corona.
A – Bill Newlands: Sure. We're actually very happy with Woodbridge. Woodbridge is in a category that's actually in decline but Woodbridge is gaining share within that category. And obviously, it benefits from the Mondavi franchise halo, as you know we have Mondavi’s franchise covered it in a number of price points. And so, Woodbridge will continue to be an important part of our portfolio. And yes, we have a substantial amount of assets in the under $11 price point outside of Woodbridge. And that gives us significant options of what to do going forward and as we said earlier – in fairly recent time, we’ll be able to talk about that more extensively.
A – Bill Newlands: Sure. It's early days on the new creative that we have put out in the marketplace but I can assure you from our initial testing, this is one of the stronger campaigns, certainly that this organization has put out in the recent past. So we're very excited of how that campaign could work for us. And I think it's a great example of some of the work that Jim Sabia has done to bring some of his outstanding marketing efforts in Beer to our wine and spirit efforts as well. So we're very optimistic about it. SVEDKA has already been performing in a positive manner versus the vodka category and we think this can only help it. I'm sure you've also seen, we have very good results as it relates to High West and Casa Noble and continue to see the more premium aspects of our spirits portfolio as important going forward as well.
David Klein: So, Steve when we think about that – first of all this isn't necessarily new news in that, our company generates a lot of cash and we know that we're going to have CapEx ramping down over the next few years, the CapEx related to our beer business. And so we look at – we have a targeted leverage ratio of 3.5 times, although we're willing to operate in that three to four times range. And we're really confident that we'll be able to both, return $4.5 billion worth of cash, stay within our targeted leverage ratio range and exercise the Canopy warrants. And I think that's a pretty powerful view of the ability of our business to generate cash. And we don't expect that there would be any share repurchases in the remainder of FY 2019 just given where our leverage ratio is. So clearly your point about it being an FY 2020 through FY 2022 statement is accurate.
David Klein: Yes. So Lauren, so we expect and we've said this, this isn't Canopy, now this is really Constellation's view. We expect the Canadian business to be at that CAD 1 billion run rate. We expect them to have very attractive CPG-like operating margins within their business and that's focused on Canada. And we also know, as you pointed out, that there will be drags on their business from investment in R&D and the cost of opening additional markets. So we've said that, we expect that this transaction will be accretive to us by FY 2021 and we expect that to be the case, or we continue to expect that to be the case. In terms of actual guidance in the near term for Canopy, we're not in a position to provide that, primarily because they've just closed their recent quarter. They'll produce results in mid-February. And shortly after that mid-February results come out from Canopy, we'll then provide a bit of a walk through for the market on how those actual results will flow through our P&L, and that'll be the first time we do it. And then clearly, when we provide guidance we'll provide more specificity around the Canopy equity and earnings number. And I know you said, we've been clear on this, but it's a non-cash measure. We're viewing this as a ventures investment. We've already made that investment. That was the $4 billion investment that we closed in November. And we expect to get an outsized return on that investment, understanding there's going to be some volatility in our P&L, however that volatility will be non-cash in nature.
David Klein: Yeah. So Robert, the pricing – so if I do a bridge out of our gross margin numbers, we got about 110 basis point benefit from pricing. We got a little bit of a benefit from FX. We had about 160 basis point drag from transportation and logistics, which is larger than it's been on a year-to-date basis. That's the acceleration that we were talking about. And then as I said we had some drag from the glass issue, which was in aggregate – that and maybe some depreciation amounted to about 80 basis points. So a couple of things happened when we get into Q3 and that's that even though we're shipping more we're actually – we are slowing down our production because it's our lowest, kind of, production quarter of the year. And so I think taken altogether, the gross margin worked out as we expected, but for the glass plant – the glass production issue, which is behind us.
David Klein: And the only thing I might add to that, Bill, is the $59 billion number quoted by the Canadian government includes -- majority of that is illegal sales. So really the build to $1 billion is dependent upon the channel shift, if you will, from illegal markets to legal markets, of which we're comfortable with the market share that we've outlined before for Canopy. And I would say that after Canopy's results are released in mid-February, they will have a lot more to say about their margins as will we.
David Klein: Yeah. And said in another way more from an investor's standpoint I would say that we can with Obregon and Nava, Bill said this in his script, we have the ability to produce 400 million cases of beer from Obregon and Nava.
David Klein: Look, Brian, we haven't even finished rolling up our estimates for next year. What we do know is when you look out over the medium term with our beer business, we still expect that high single-digit net sales growth. We still expect to have very robust margins. And then Bill talked about the wine and spirits view, which is kind of mid-single-digit growth and 30% operating margin. So we think that along with our ability to make investments in the business and buy back our stock as well as getting – working our way through the early years in the choppiness in the equity and earnings in the Canopy investment, we expect that we'll continue to see that 10% EPS growth target that we put out before.
