William Newlands: Sure, we’ll try and up pack that, Dara. Obviously, we had a very, very strong Q3. As you saw, we saw acceleration during in IRI channels during the quarter as both a couple of things happened. First of all, acceleration of our brands; Modelo was up 13% depletions in the IRI take-out was up in the high-teens in the most recent four-week trends. Corona Extra has just been tremendous for us. It’s been great to watch and see that iconic brand do as well as it has. So we’re very excited about both of those. To your question about December, our year-to-date is up almost 9% in depletions, and I’m very pleased to say December was ahead of that trend and certainly it puts us in position to deliver the fourth quarter and the year that we had anticipated. Certainly the COVID scenario is different. You do see more consumers consuming more meals at home than what we probably saw before the start of the pandemic, and you do see a lot of variations depending on the individual market. Clearly, the on-premise is the one that gets nailed in these type of instances, and again, there’s a lot of variability there.  But consumers are going out more than they did certainly a year ago, and we’re all very hopeful that this particular variant of the virus comes and goes more quickly. It certainly appears that those who are heavily vaccinated have had less overall experience and concerns around that, which ultimately should help the entire country and our business as well as people continue to go out in the marketplace. As you know, we have a Chief Medical Officer who continues to guide us on these important topics so that we make sure we not only keep our people safe, but do everything we can to meet consumer needs while we’re at it. So all-in, we think that we hope we’re progressing against that, but we’re very excited about the position we currently hold across our business and certainly are bullish about how the rest of the year and the close of the fiscal is going to go.
William Newlands: Sure, Chris. This particular partnership around the Fresca brand was one that was very exciting to us. Fresca hits on a number of key consumer attributes, everything from convenience to flavor, and is the hottest diet soda in their portfolio. So the idea when you consider that more than 50% of Fresca consumers already mix it with spirits, it seemed like a natural one for us, and certainly, they felt the same way.  So we’re very excited about the potential for this. Obviously it starts in the United States. We’re still putting a lot of finishing touches on exactly how and what this will be as we get later in the year and certainly we’ll give you a lot more information about that as we get closer to the time where we will launch this product. But certainly, this opens a very interesting door and one that’s exciting, I think, for both companies.
William Newlands: Sure, Lauren. We’ve noted a number of things as it relates specifically Corona Extra. First of all, as retailers have begun to address their shelving opportunity, we’ve taken advantage of that and improved our distribution profile versus what it had previously been. Second, our marketing effort is doing extremely well and it has been very, very well-received, and that’s driving consumer demand. So we’re very excited about that particular element. And we’ve said this many, many times before, but it remains as true as it ever has been. Corona is one of the most-loved brands in the beer landscape, so I think one of the things that you’ve seen a little bit of in this particular time frame is that the consumer is returning to many of those iconic brands that they love and trust, and Corona is really at the top of the list. We still saw in off-premise continued growth, as you’ve seen in the IRI channels that that continued to develop. On-premise has not gotten itself all the way back to where it was before the pandemic, but as we’ve always said, on-premise was a little bit smaller in the total profile of the Corona brand than it is for some other industry players. So overall, we couldn’t be more excited about it, and certainly, we’re going to continue the great work and the advertising sector. We have a very robust plan for advertising in the fourth quarter and we’re sure that’s going to continue to bear excellent results for our brands.
William Newlands: And Nik, relative to your question about the particular launch, the IP would certainly be available to us in the United States, but keep in mind that the regulatory environment of what you can put in as additives in the United States is very different than it is in Canada and it would remain to be seen whether or not that would fly in the United States. So it’s sort of a yes and a who knows on that particular answer.
William Newlands: Obviously, Robert, there was a lot of change in the seltzer business over the course of the last calendar year, and certainly, the growth profile has slowed substantially. We still think that there’s going to be some growth in that particular segment. As you know, we have both reformulated and repackaged some of our variety packs which we’ll be bringing out in the first quarter of 2023. We still think that that’s going to be an important part of the overall beer sector, and we’re going to participate in it.  So we are optimistic that that’s going to continue to see growth, albeit it’s probably significantly lower than what everybody anticipated say a year ago, and so it remains to be seen. Most predictions have proven to be challenging, so we’ll not over-predict the question. What we will say is we think we’re putting the right products in the market that have the right flavor profiles that are going to attract consumers going forward.
William Newlands: Yeah, certainly. One of the challenges that we’ve also identified in prior calls and it remains true today is we said we want to create some redundant capacity. Some of the challenges that we’ve had is we’ve had some one-off events that have caused us some inventory challenges. We think it would be highly beneficial to have some redundancy in the system and part of our expansion plan not only gets after, as Garth pointed out, high single-digit growth profiles for our business for the foreseeable near-term future, but also gives us some redundancy. So in the event that there are any external factors that are in play, it should have less impact on us going forward. We continue to maintain the 7% to 9% growth profile going forward that we’ve consistently said, and certainly we believe that our brands are going to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. So this is about investing in growth and it’s one of the very best value creation opportunities for our shareholders in our judgment.
William Newlands: So I think our thinking around that was in many instances, it’s very different approaches to how the consumer buys and engages with the fine wine and craft spirits sector. That area tends to be higher DTC. It tends to be higher on-premise, and in many cases it’s a little bit of a different skill set. And we realized by segregating those two things, it would give us a chance to both maximize the potential in the mainstream and premium sector as well as maximizing our potential at the very high-end where some of those different and evolving channels are becoming more and more important to us. I think both understand our strategy which is we want to grow our business, we want to improve our margin position to best of class margin structures, and we’re well on our way to doing that. But our view was this was an opportunity to maximize the potential to do that. It also matches up very nicely with how many of our distributors go-to-market where they separate their portfolio and their sales organizations in fine wine and craft sectors and mainstream and premium. So it also matches our organization with the route-to-market approach that many of our distributors take.
William Newlands: You bet, Steve. Garth and I have been very consistent about this now for years, quite frankly, of saying 39% to 40% is what we expect to do on a consistent basis. There will be individual years and times where we exceed that when things go in our favor, and there may be occasions where based on certain headwinds we fall slightly below that. But as Garth in fact pointed out earlier today, these remain best of class margins and we very strongly believe 39% to 40% is a very appropriate long-term algorithm for this business.
William Newlands: Sure. Relative to the brand, we will be buying concentrate from the Coca-Cola Company and manufacturing, marketing and selling that brand through our network. We’re very excited about it, frankly, because of the strength of the Fresca brand. It’s, as I said earlier, it’s a growing brand. It’s a brand that’s already used. More than 50% of the users use it as a mix with an alcoholic beverage. We think it’s a natural play while also recognizing the low-cal and great flavor characteristics of that individual brand. So we’re very excited about that. We are making progress on brown glass. I think it remains to be seen when we will be back to full competition and obviously it had some bearing on our ability to deliver in the quarter. As we said, brown glass has been a drag against otherwise outstanding results. We expect as we get into the new fiscal year that that will balance out quite a bit and that we will see Pacifico get back to the double-digit growth profile that we’ve enjoyed for the last several years.
William Newlands: Thank you, everyone. Appreciate your joining our call today. Despite the challenges faced thus far driven by the continued effects of the pandemic, some global chain issues, and a volatile and dynamic inflationary environment combined with severe weather events, we’re on track to deliver again another strong year of financial performance. Our Beer business continues to remain extremely solid as consumer demand for our core beer brands continues to be robust, while our incremental capacity investments in Mexico will position us to capture the ongoing growth opportunities we see within the higher-end of the U.S beer market well into the future.  Additionally, our Wine and Spirits business continues to move towards its long-term revenue growth and margin expansion vision. Overall, we remain bullish on the future performance of our powerful selection of consumer-connected brands which provides us with strong momentum as we head into the fourth quarter.  As a reminder, during our next quarterly call, we’ll be providing our guidance for the upcoming fiscal year. So thanks again, everyone, for joining the call, and I wish you all a safe, happy, and prosperous new year. Thank you.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, thanks, Vivien. And as you know, our typical range for price increases on any given year is kind of in that 1% to 2%, so what we do is we go through the year, we’re looking at our portfolio, we’re looking at the competitive set and we’re looking at individual markets. We take our price increases on a brand-by-brand and on a market-by-market basis, and so we do this as I say in a very disciplined approach. Given the current economic environment this year, we’ve determined that we can take more pricing than we typically have, and that’s what’s driving us to say we’re going to be slightly above the 2%. Keep in mind we have to make sure that we’re balancing the right level of price increases with what’s going on with our consumer. As you know, we have a consumer set that skews a bit more Hispanic than some of our competitors, and in times of economic downturn, if you will, or weakness, they tend to get hit a little bit harder and they recover a little bit slower, so we want to make sure we’re not leaving any pricing on the table. We want to take as much as we can but we also don’t want to take so much pricing that we impair the performance of our brands or impair the growth of our brands.
Garth Hankinson: Sure, and thanks for the question. Look, we’re in the middle of our annual planning process, and so we’re taking a look at what we think we can cover next year. As you heard in my prepared remarks, we continue to think that inflation is going to be a big factor for us next year and we still intend to take significant amount of pricing. Where that falls within our range that remains to be seen, but that pricing that we do get hit as I said in my script, it’s likely not to cover all of our inflationary headwinds next year, but just like we did this year, we’re going to look at this on a market-by-market basis, brand by brand basis and we’ll take as much pricing as we think the consumer can absorb.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, so in general, or not in general, but we are sticking to our long term or mid-term growth outlook that is, so as I said in my script, we continue to target over the next three to five years in Beer to have top line growth in that high single-digit range, and as we’ve said historically, we think the right way to think about our margins is between 39% and 40%. However, we’ve also said that in any given year depending on market dynamics or what’s going on in the business that we could fall above or below that range. So I think what I referenced in my comments is pretty consistent with what the we said previously. We’re still, as I said, we’re still in the process of going through our annual planning process, so we’ll give a more update on margins as we close out the year and move into next year. But it is a tough inflationary environment. As I mentioned, we’re seeing inflationary and commodity pressures that are in the high single-digit to double-digit range, and again, we’ll absorb as much of that as we can with pricing and with a robust cost savings initiatives that we have in both wine and spirits and in beer, and we’ll alter our hedging strategy to take care or to take advantage of weakness in commodity prices as we see some weakness, as we recently have in aluminum and heating oil.  So those are all things that we’ll do to try to offset inflationary pressures, but we’ll have more details on the actual margins and outlook for margins at our Q4 earnings call.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, thanks, Bryan. Yeah, so we’re still going through the planning process there, but we do think that there are some offsets. So you’re right, it’s further away from the border than say Obregon or Nava. However, it does open up some really interesting shipping lanes to the Eastern half of the US going across the Gulf of Mexico, so we’re looking at those now to see what the impact is. We also, as we’re thinking about building the brewery up, what products we’re going to put into that brewery and what’s the level of complexity, what brands are we going to put in there, can it be highly efficient so that it offsets any margin impact. So still a lot of work to be done on that. I would expect we will have more details on that in our Q4 earnings call as well.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, thanks, Nik. I’ll take the first part, and then Bill can respond to the second. So just on the inflationary front, as I mentioned, we’re seeing sort of a wide range of increases year-over-year from kind of low to mid-single-digit for things like corn and hops and glass, which obviously is a big driver of our cost build-up. But then you’re seeing some really large increases on things like cartons, which is up in kind of the mid-teens and wood pallets which is up sort of over 30%. And then there’s a number of other line items that range sort of in between those two bookends. So all of that is driving what we expect to be high single-digit inflation overall across for the beer portfolio.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, and just to put a final point on that, as I said, you’re right, depreciation will ramp up but we’re going through the process right now. We’re looking at the impacts of what’s the right sort of capacity to have or capabilities to have in our breweries and optimizing that. We’re looking at optimizing our transportation. So to the extent that we have any news on that, then we’ll share it with you at our Q4 earnings call. As related to capital allocation, with this increased investment, nothing changes. We continue to have the best portfolio in terms of growth and in terms of margins. That growth and margins generates a significant amount of cash flow. That cash flow allows us to continue to prioritize investment grade rating, return capital to shareholders, and to invest in the growth of our business. So our capital allocation strategy hasn’t changed.  And then the last piece of that is acquisitions, and we continue to say that acquisitions will be used as a portfolio gap filler, and in large part, we’re going to use our venture fund to fill those gaps.
Garth Hankinson: Yeah, so just on the EBITDA point. Yeah, so of all, that’s a good point. It’s actually something that we think about, do we want to provide that level of detail, very much in a frontal up-front way. Again, as we go through sort of the planning process here and we look at the impacts of inflation, we look at the impact of depreciation, we look at the effects of our capacity expansion to the extent that we think that’s a meaningful way to show our financial results, then we will add it.
Garth Hankinson: Well, relative to the whole Fresca story, we will bring that to you in our next earnings scenario when we are much further along on the exact launch planning and launch timing, and we’ll give you a more fulsome view of what we plan to do. What we would say, as we said in our release today, this will be going through our distribution network which will largely be driven by the gold network on the beer side and in some states it will go through the wine and spirits network, depending on the regulatory environment of the particular state.
