Bob Ryder: Sure. Let me just comment on price mix smaller and then I will let Rob do the industry, what’s going on in the industry. So, for us for the quarter, I’d say that the upside to margin was primarily mix. Pricing didn’t have a big impact. I will let Rob talk about what’s going on in pricing in general in the wine and spirits category.
Bob Ryder: Sure. Nik on the second, the beer margin question, so as you know, we just updated our guidance. We are expecting this year to have margin expansion in beer as the guidance reflects about 10% sales growth and mid-teens EBIT growth, right. So we expect the beer business to continue gaining margin. Last year for the three quarters that we owned the business, our operating profit margin was around 31%. This year we expect that to be around 32% right now. So we do see some expanding margins. Now your question was more along longer-term because we gave some guidance that when the brewery is completed that we should have margins in kind of a low to mid 30% range. And we have stuck with that guidance and there is still obviously a lot going on in the beer business that the breweries being build out as Rob said there is about 1,200 people on the ground down there going up to about 3,000 building out to 20 million hectoliters and we still are buying 40% of our finished goods from Anheuser-Busch and all of our raw materials from Anheuser-Busch. And as we said we are currently thinking about transitioning from Anheuser-Busch for the raw material perspective and we have some bids coming in from the global providers of glass, hops, barley, things like that. And most likely we will be discussing the transition from the Anheuser-Busch and how those bids came out in a general frame probably in this calendar year. So I think when that flushes out we might be able to give some more specific guidance about where we see longer term margins in beer. But we still don't have all those bids in, and we are not ready to talk about it to the outside world. Obviously, the big component of that is glass which we also aren’t ready to talk about it to the outside world. There is a lot of discussions going in that arena. So long answer to right now we are still sticking to the low to mid single-digit operating profit margin for beer.
Bob Ryder: Sure. In that number, Alice, is also some distributor – beer distributor contribution to some of our marketing campaigns, because we will sit down every year with the distributors. And if we have some ideas that we think are really going to drive volume and then the distributors agree that they will sometimes, they will contribute and that contribution comes across in the net sales what looks like pricing, but it’s really not because that it’s a zero some gain that comes into an expense that’s further down on the P&L. So, I think from a pricing perspective, IRI just from price probably closer to like 2% versus 3%.
Bob Ryder: Yes. The make whole payment and you guys understand the math of it, right, so we are getting a payment against which there were no sales, right. So that really helps your margin. And for the quarter, the impact on math was probably between 75 and 100 bps for the quarter would be the impact on gross profit margin for that.
Bob Ryder: Yes, that is correct. It is a credit that comes through the net sales line, but it really – it’s not based on revenue, it’s based on EBIT, right.
Bob Ryder: So it kind of brings down your net selling price per case, but it increases your gross profit margin, right. So, it’s really – it’s quasi-confusing, but what I will tell you is for the quarter, mix had a bigger impact than the make whole payment.
Bob Ryder: It is a very positive mix quarter versus prior year and I will tell you prior year was a very poor mix quarter.
Bob Ryder: Yes. The grape input costs for this fiscal year we are not going to see much inflation from that at all, because the higher cost grapes have pretty much flushed through the P&L. So, that’s helping our wine EBIT growth for the year and helping us maintain the guidance of kind of flattish margins for the year.
Bob Ryder: No, I don’t think it’s going to change that much. I don’t think we will see a lot of noise in grape costs for the year. It’s relatively flat.
Bob Ryder: Yes, it will have to be below for some of them, just the math of it, right, because we are at like 32.5% this year. So, we are still sticking with the 30% for the full year, which would mean one or several quarters we will have to be below the 30%.
Bob Ryder: It’s – you can’t really forecast it, because it’s based on a lot of it’s based on actions of third parties and we are not sure when the timing of it will happen.
Bob Ryder: The expansion is going to be kind of a date specific thing, right and the thing that will drive the margin increase on the expansion, when the expansion is done, it’s primarily freight. Okay, because right now, we are buying 40% of our goods from InBev and they are being sourced from hundreds of miles south of brewery, right. So we make them at the brewery, we’ll have much lower freight, but then there is a lot of other moving parts like I mentioned earlier to Nik’s question what’s going to happen when we move to our own purchasing contracts versus buying from InBev, is that positive, negative or neutral? What’s going to happen around glass, which of course is the big input cost in beer, packaging is roughly 50% at cost of sales. In beer, what we had experienced so far is an incredibly well run brewery. The people and the process that we inherited when we bought the Nava brewery we couldn’t be happier with. I was just down there a week ago and the throughput on the brewery has surprised us on a positive perspective especially when you consider all of the stuff that’s going on to double the size of the brewery, right. So that helped us, it was good because first quarter is one of the peak production quarters like you are trying to make as much as you can to fuel the peak summer selling season.
Bob Ryder: Yes. The statement I made was last year we experienced 13% growth in the back half. So that would have been Q3 and Q4 which were both strong quarters in beer last year, because they were subsequent to us becoming an independent beer company to the U.S. distributors. So, we have been saying that along we have much more difficult overlaps in beer in the back half and easier in the front half. And our easiest overlap in beer from a shipment perspective is the second quarter. Then when you look next year, Q3, Q4 were very strong for beer.
Bob Ryder: Yes, probably, but again from a full year perspective, right, what we are seeing is some pretty impressive numbers. We are saying we expect sales to be up about 10%. We are saying profits to be up almost 1.5 times that, right. So there will be margin expansion in any individual quarter. There can be anomalous activity and it’s not as you know in every quarter you have anomalous activity in the previous year and the anomalous activity in the current year, so you can have some odd outcomes that’s why I look – like to look at full year or even year-to-date as you get more data in your margin analysis. So that’s how we see things playing out.
Bob Ryder: John on the free cash flow it’s the first quarter alright and even if you flow through the after tax impacts of our increased if you call EBIT guidance, we are still within the range that we provided for the full year. So we feel it was worth readdressing it. And we will be readdressing it as the year goes on. But we thought it’s only the first quarter, so let’s see how the year comes out and we are still within the free cash flow range.
Bob Ryder: Yes, we can’t wait to payoff that 8 3/8% note. So, we currently have the flexibility, we are in good position to do what we want to, right. We can use our revolver, which would give us very positive arbitrage, because our securitization facilities are LIBOR plus 90 and the revolver is LIBOR plus 175, which is quite a bit less than the 8 3/8% notes, right or I think we can do this at any point in the year, right, if we would like to secure some longer term financing albeit at a higher rate than the securitization or the revolver. We could also do that. So, we are kind of keeping our powder dry around that to see how the markets behave, how rates are, and how we feel our future free cash flow needs will be.
Bob Ryder: Shipments and depletions were about the same number for the quarter, but when you look at growth, it gets odd, because then your year-over-year, but it was very – it was somewhat of a confusing quarter for wine because of the prior year shipment depletion, prior year mix compared to this year’s mix and the reduction in distributor inventory. So, I don’t blame you for scratching your head a little bit on that, but for the full year shipments will equal depletions for the wine category and there might be some quarterly ups and downs as the distributors do what they have to do to move the product.
Bob Ryder: No, it’s just for the full year it won’t be all that material to the shipments depletions, right. For the quarter, it was, but for the full year, it won’t be.
Bob Ryder: No. What I will say is I can’t tell you what’s going to happen for quarter, but I can tell you for the full year, shipments will pretty much equal depletions. Now, to your point, the distributor inventory reduction obviously, they continued to deplete, but we didn’t shift right, which was material for the quarter, but it won’t be that noticeable for the full year. And the quarter numbers can get a little anomalous, because you just have third-parties doing what they have to do to fill consumer demand.
Rob Sands: Yes, I think we see – Nik, we see some pricing now occurring in wine and spirits. Still I would say in line primarily we see pricing in the lower end of the wine business and we see some pricing in the higher end. The middle remains I would say pretty competitive, so sort of that $8 to $15 range is where we still don’t see a lot of pricing. But I would say as a general proposition the pricing environment in wine and spirits is a bit more favorable than it has been in the past. We have taken some pricing on select brands as Bob said the margin accretion in the first quarter is probably more due to mix than it is to pricing, but we do have some pricing on some of our larger brands especially in the premium category and in sub-premium and sparkling. So as I said generally a more favorable environment.
Rob Sands: Yes. We try not to get too specific on quarterly guidance and my gosh, you are asking very specific question, but that’s okay. We do expect a very strong second quarter in beer for two reasons. We do have a lot of momentum in the marketplace as you see. And from a billings perspective, we have an easier overlap, I think it might be our easiest overlap of the year as I recall from last year, depletions were stronger than shipments last year. So, I think the depletion overlap is a little more difficult than the shipment overlap. But for the full year, we still expect shipments and depletions to be aligned for the beer business and there is a lot of this quarterly activity going on, but I would probably try to focus more on what’s going on in the longer term and over the full year.
Rob Sands: Yes. I mean, I think that as it relates to M&A, whether in wine or any other categories, our position remains the same, which is as to use of capital, our primary focus remains on debt pay down at the current time. As you mentioned, tuck-in deals meaning if a brand came around that, that was something that was really hot met our financial objectives, filled the niche that we didn’t have. Of course, we would take a look at an opportunity like that, but generally, our strategy at the current time is all about driving organic growth and obviously we have got really good organic growth across all of the categories in the business. And there is a lot of upside and benefit to be gained through simple debt reduction following the beer acquisition. So, strategically, that’s what really makes the most sense in terms of how we are operating the business at the current time.
Rob Sands: Yes, Mark. I mean it’s a whole bunch of things. I mean it starts with the consumer and the consumer is voting with their feet. So, we had very strong consumer takeaway on the product and everything we are doing from a marketing perspective as it relates to the consumer is obviously really resonating with the consumer. And we go back to retail and wholesale and you get sort of a compounding infectiousness when you have a brand that’s on fire with the consumer which really means that it’s a mushrooming effect, right. And it’s a cart and a horse question, in that the consumer is that the – the product resonates with the consumer, the consumer is demanding the product, the retailers sees that it’s hot with the consumer. The retailer and the wholesaler then invests more resources whether it’s manpower or dollars against the product which then circles back around and has the effect of even driving the products harder at retail. So fundamentally you sort of got the whole cycle working to the advantage of the brand. So it’s really a whole combination effects that people got very strong marketing behind the brand as well as our other beer brands. And again that continues to resonate with the consumer. We are sending a very consistent message whether it’s on Corona or Modelo Especial. Modelo Especial is a very, very well known brand in Mexico, therefore it is a brand that is well known and trusted by the Hispanic consumer in the United States that population demographic group is very strong in terms of purchasing power and growth at the current time. So, we are seeing all the benefits of that.
Rob Sands: Yes. We are actually seeing very strong growth in some of the most mature markets for Modelo Especial like Southern California where Modelo Especial has a share and its equal to or greater than Corona and we are continuing to see double-digit growth in some of these large markets. And then in some of the more developmental markets like in the East and so on and so forth, we are continuing to see the brand really starting to catch on and we are seeing strong growth in those markets too. So it’s really across the board phenomenon and even in the mature markets we are seeing double-digit growth.
Rob Sands: Yes, it’s the latter. We are looking at the next three months and it’s a non-issue. First of all on supply, what has occurred, there’s been some very isolated circumstances on SKUs, not on brands, but on some particular SKUs in some markets we have seen some supply tightness in the marketplace. What’s really driven that has nothing to do with anything related to the brewery or ABI or supply in general, it’s merely a consequence of the fact that the brands are growing at a rate, which intrinsically it can be hard to keep up with. Therefore, in a particular market like there was some reports on Florida, there was some supply shortages there on a particular SKU, well, Publix is a gigantic chain down there, ran a great big promotion and ran itself and everybody else out of inventory, that would happen or can happen under any circumstances when you are talking about the kind of growth that we are experiencing at the current moment in time. It’s frankly just difficult to supply and can be at the levels that we are talking about. Now, all that said, we think we have got the inventories within our own business at wholesale and at retail generally speaking that there should not be supply issues even with the growth that we are experiencing throughout the rest of the summer and of course we are planning for this growth. Now, as I said, on an individual SKU basis in an individual market depending on what promotions are being run by the retailers, which we don’t necessarily have control over can something like that occur, yes, but we are not expecting anything of out of the ordinary in that respect. So, the supply situation is well in hand. We do not have a glass shortage. I don’t know where that comes from either. We have got as a general proposition plenty of glass to supply the brand. And as I mentioned in my script, we are working on the glass strategy and we should be able to talk about that in the next few months. And I am sure we will see a favorable outcome there as well, so.
Rob Sands: Yes. So marketing spend will go up this year versus last year. And in fact we expect it to be a higher percentage of sales as well. And we expect to spend most of it in the peak summer season. We are just spending a decent amount of marketing in the first quarter. And because as we have made a conscious efforts to kind of do our media flights around when the consumer is drinking a lot of beer, right in the summer. And as Rob discussed, we have put some money behind World Cup, put some money behind boxing and we put a decent amount of money to work against major league baseball. So, we do expect marketing to go up this year both in absolute dollars. And as a percentage of sales, I would say roughly speaking, we would expect to spend between 8% to 9% of sales on marketing for the full year.
Rob Sands: Yes. So we – as you said we have made a concerted effort to push Corona Light through the draft – through draft which through the on-premise and that’s going very well. The consumer is really resonate with the product because it has much higher taste than other light beers, but still has the low alcohol, obviously they have recognized the brand and the retailers will ask pub owners really like it because it’s a higher ring for them right, it’s more expensive core than say a premium light. So that actually – that strategy is going as good or better than we anticipated. And it’s probably not statistically valid yet, but we also feel that in the markets where we are driving Corona Light we also sell more cases of Corona Light. So we believe that that will go very well.
Rob Sands: Yes. I would say Robert that we are really happy with our growth throughout the country. Now, what I will tell you is that we are doing better in the West Coast as Rob said Modelo Especial is doing a great job growing in markets where it’s highly penetrated already. So our best geographies on a growth wise are the West and the South. But we are really happy with our growth around the country and we are pretty much gaining share in every space. I’d say that every one of our brands is growing versus prior year. I’d say that Corona, which is very well distributed, continues to grow quite nicely. In the first quarter, it put up some good numbers. Depletion growth was in the low single-digits. Shipment growth was higher than that, because we had that inventory replenishment. And Modelo Especial continues to grow in the mid single-digits. So, it’s really all going quite well.
Rob Sands: Yes, Robert, this is Rob. I would say that it’s really kind of across the board. It’s kind of hard to say exactly where the share gains are being sourced from, but you can look at our growth and our brands versus pretty much any of the other categories within beer probably with the exception of craft. So, it’s across the board sort of phenomena. And I’d say that if you look at the industry overall, you’ve got Constellation beer, right, which is about the same size as craft and you have got a craft of the whole category, which is about the same size as our beer business. And those two segments are I would say taking share just generally across the board.
Rob Sands: So, I would say, a couple of things in that regard. First of all, there has been a lot of launches by a lot of companies over the years. And in the recent past and in the distant past of brands that were designed to compete with our portfolio, right.
Rob Sands: You can think of brands like – you can remember all kinds of attempts. And again, our brands are extremely well established with the consumer. So, I would say we don’t fear competition particularly. And we have seen examples of it many times and we just kind of stick to our knitting and drive our business the way we have been driving in the past which has been a particularly good strategy. Now as it relates to Montego, first of all, it’s not an established brand in Mexico, it’s not known to the Mexican or the Hispanic consumer, it’s just another brand basically. So, it doesn’t pose any particular threat to us that it’s different than anything else that has been done by any of our competitors in the past. On another note much sort of like the clustered theory of fast food restaurants, why do they all build on the same corner, hopefully, if it experiences some success, it will expand the category for everybody. So, I think it could actually have a positive impact on driving sort of the whole Mexican import category should it be, should it gain any success at all. So, again, we are just not – we are not particularly fussed by one company introducing one brand that might theoretically compete with some of our brands. So, that’s sort of the bottom line.
Rob Sands: Yes. Our business is a general proposition, which means all of our beer brands are growing at a faster rate than we would have predicted prior to the beginning of the year. And as I have said in the past this is with the kind of growth that we are experiencing it is difficult to predict if it’s hard to make forecast and to give guidance and to remain reasonable given the market at the same time. So you got to balance all those things. We can’t just make up crazy numbers, so we try to come up with what we think are reasonable numbers. And then in our own internal planning we also made sure that we plan for the contingency that the business will grow faster than we expect because it’s really little downside in doing that. So don’t confuse, our guidance and our forecasting and our attempt to be reasonable given sort of where the market is with what we are doing from a capacity perspective to ensure that we have sufficient supplies to meet market demand, so two different things.
Rob Sands: Yes. So I will let Bob answer the free cash flow. On the guidance for the year as Bob said a number of times second half of the year we are overlapping 13% growth I mean it’s sort of simple as that. Again we are back to the point I was just previously making which is we can only sort of forecast reasonable numbers and our guidance is based on that and we have a pretty significant overlap in the second half of the year. And we had some pretty easy comps in the first half of the year. So yes, we grew 14% in sales in the first quarter and that was a good result and we are very pleased with that. And as Bob said we expect probably from a sales perspective a pretty strong second quarter because we had a very low sales month – quarter in the second quarter last year with 1% growth and then we overlapped the 13% growth in the second half of the year. So that’s what it translates for the whole year into the low-single digit growth of sales that we have been – that is included in our guidance. So I would sort of like the fact that we can do at the current moment relative to our guidance for the year. But your crystal ball is as good as ours in many respects.
Rob Sands: Yes, I mean, first of all, where we priced for this year is sort of fairly well-known in that low single-digit range of around 2%. And then as far as our pricing trends go for the future, it’s really a function of what occurs in the marketplace, which obviously we watch very carefully and what occurs on a market-by-market basis. So, right now, I would say it’s difficult for us to comment on what will happen relative to our pricing in the future, because we simply don’t know what is going to occur in the rest of the markets. So, we will have to wait and see. We take a very strategic position relative to pricing. We do it market-by-market, brand-by-brand. And we do it largely on a reactive basis. So, we will see what happens. We can’t really tell you right now.
Rob Sands: No. I would say that you can look in the category, you can look in IRI, and there has been about low single-digit pricing. That’s been the case. There has no suggestion of anything other than that.
Rob Sands: Well, we are not commenting on the sustainability of anything going forward. As I said, we judge that more on a real-time basis. So, don’t know.
Rob Sands: Yes. Like any business that’s growing at the rate that we are growing, well, we will have to be capacity planning well in advance of the growth to ensure that we have the capacity that’s necessary to meet the market demand. So that’s what we are going to do.
Rob Sands: Yes, thanks everyone for joining our call today. We are really pleased with our quarterly results and we have had a great start to the year. The team plans to continue to capitalize on the tremendous momentum that we have underway in the beer business to drive growth and enhanced financial performance. From a wine and spirits perspective, we are gaining traction and are on track to achieve our goals for the year. And I hope you have the opportunity to enjoy some of our fine products, especially the SVEDKA Stars & Stripes during the 4th of July holiday later this week. So again, thank you everybody for participating in our call today.
