William Newlands: You bet. So let me try to unpack that a bit. Yes, one of the benefits that we've seen as our business has been moving through the year is that we are getting back to our long-term trends that we have previously announced. And that's driven quite frankly by the strength of our brands. Modelo in this quarter was nearly 20% depletion growth, Pacifico was the same. These brands are resonating with consumers. And keep in mind that's all being done – which relates to your second question, with on-premise trends that are really not very good. Year-to-date, on-premise for our beer business is off 53%. So I think the fact that we have produced these kinds of results with that environment speaks to the strength of our beer portfolio and the long-term positioning that we have for those brands. You then throw in the fact that we are more than doubling our capability in seltzer next year, and I think we should expect to see – consistent with our long-term trends, the growth profile we previously stated.
William Newlands: Sure. Obviously, the seltzer category continues to remain strong. As we've said, we plan to more than double our capability in the seltzer area for Corona Hard Seltzer in the coming year. I mean the fact that we've done as well as we have with one SKU, this year one variety pack, we think is pretty impressive and certainly ahead of what our expectations were. But keep in mind we also have our toe in the water on some other things. Funky Buddha in Florida has performed extraordinarily well in the seltzer category, in that particular market, and we are extending that some in the coming year. We have a minority investment in PRESS, which has done – also done extremely well in the seltzer category. So we have our toes in the water in a number of ways. Certainly, our Corona Hard Seltzer is going to be our lead play and we think that is where the majority of our growth in that category will come from. As we said, we have a second variety pack that we're introducing at the beginning of the fiscal year, and then we have a couple of other things we might be doing which you'll hear more about as we go forward.
William Newlands: Sure. As it relates to Corona Hard Seltzer, we are more than doubling our capacity in that particular franchise for the coming year. And as you know and you commented, we're extending that into additional pack opportunities. We've sold everything we could make this year and we were very pleased with the performance. And frankly, that was – as I said earlier, that was a bit better than we expected to do. So we're quite pleased with where we stand in the overall seltzer market, and certainly with the more than doubling of capacity next year, we expect to remain a very strong player and a top three player in that particular segment. Keeping in mind, Nik, we have the second-best velocity in the category with that particular brand with one SKU. So I think as we're able to broaden our distribution reach on the shelf, I think we'll be very pleased with where seltzer is when we're sitting here a year from now. As it relates to Light, obviously a lot of our work and a lot of our time and energy has been spent on Premier, which we're very excited about, continues to be a big growth profile for us. So I think we need to think about that, particularly the Light business in conjunction with what we are doing across the overall Light category and our Premier, Corona Light et cetera. And I think, obviously, Light has been hurt some. However, the trends actually been quite good during this COVID timeframe.
William Newlands: Yes. I think the one thing that we've probably seen a bit of is some seasonality this year. And it's not unusual, I don't think. As you get more and more people into the category, you get more consumers who are either less frequent users or experimenting in the category. And oftentimes, there is some movement around within categories when that occurs. You couple that when there is a bit more seasonality that we've seen this year than what we have seen in prior years. So I still think it remains a very strong growth category. It grew, if you remember on our call last year, we anticipated, or I made the comment that I thought it would at least double in 2020 calendar year. In fact, it did more than that as a category and we still see strong trends. So we think this is going to continue to be a growth category, although it's obviously, like any other category, it's difficult to continue to grow at the pace it has been growing.
William Newlands: And relative to distribution trends, we were actually quite pleased with our ability to hold shelf presence. As you know and we said in prior calls, we focused our attention on the 20-ish SKUs that represented more than 75% of our total portfolio during the time when we had a slowdown in production. So that allowed us to expand and extend some of those SKUs on shelf and allowed us to maintain our position. Obviously, now that we have been able to raise our production rates and we are filling in some of those scenarios that had occurred, we're quite pleased that we're maintaining and in fact growing our distribution platform going forward. Keeping in mind, in many instances, retailers did not do shelf reset during the COVID timeframe just because of the pandemic. So we're very comfortable with our distribution platform. We think that given some of the things we have coming down the path, we'll be able to extend that going forward as we have every other year.
William Newlands: Sure. Lauren, we're seeing two or three things in the wine space. First of all, given there has been some change in how the consumer purchases, more DTC, more 3 Tier e-commerce. Consumers are going with brands that are tried and true and we're fortunate to have some that are extremely well received. You noted a couple of – Meiomi has done extremely well, Kim, The Prisoner Wine Company. These are brands that are trusted by consumers, loved by consumers. And that certainly helped the process, particularly as peoples shopping patterns changed some. Secondly, our innovation agenda has worked extremely well. Things that we did earlier in the year, like Unshackled has done very well, as well as some of the newer things that we've done. We noted in my brief prepared remarks that Meiomi Cabernet Sauvignon is one of the strongest individual entries that occurred in the entire industry this past year, and you add into that The Prisoner Cabernet and The Prisoner Chardonnay. We did very well with our innovation agenda as well. And I don't think we have seen – I would slightly disagree with your comment that there has been a more aggressive environment or aggressive promotional environment. Fortunately, the robust demand that we've seen in many of our Power Brands above $11 where we had lots of double-digit growers, our demand has been very strong and that has been the single biggest driver of our improved wine results is the sheer demand for our products and the fact that the consumer is looking for brands and products that they have great faith in, especially as their shopping patterns have changed some.
William Newlands: Sure. I mean, there were a number of factors that weighed in on the improved performance. It starts and always will start with the strength of the brands. And certainly, as we were able to get our inventory position into a much better place during the quarter, it was reflected in our results and then it is reflected in the demand consumers had. Remember, we had roughly 15% growth across the beer portfolio and in IRI during the quarter, extremely robust growth, especially given the fact that on-premise was a drag to say the least. Fortunately again, we are a little less susceptible to the on-premise and some of the overall marketplace. But the sheer strength of our brands was a critical factor. No question, some of the depletion pieces Garth noted in his remarks were driven by our replacing some of the inventory that had decreased during the time when we were not able to produce. But I think we do need to keep in mind, the end of the day, it's all about consumer takeout, and consumers are strongly demanding our critical brands.
William Newlands: I think it's tough to tell what others will do. What I'll tell you is what we plan to do, is we plan to continue to spend in that 9% to 10% range of our marketing spend in our beer business, and we've got a lot of good things to talk about. We're extending our investment against Modelo. We'll be reintroducing Refresco this year. Despite the tremendous performance, we have things like Refresco that we just stopped producing, and we're going to reintroduce even though it had a tremendous start before the pandemic hit. So we expect it to certainly be a competitive marketplace, but demand remain strong, and that's certainly to our advantage because our brands have performed very well in that mix. As we've said, we are going to continue to invest behind our brand. Our brands respond extremely well. Jim Sabia does an outstanding job with his team about making sure that we get tremendous returns against the dollars that we spend against our brands. And we expect that that sort of intelligent approach to investment behind our business will continue, and then when you add on the fact that we will be adding additional products into the mix that we will invest behind, I think we're going to have a very robust and aggressive year in building our brands for the future.
William Newlands: Well, certainly, historically, as you said, we have under indexed in that. And we're seeing wide variability depending on what month, what state, what market, what city as to what's going on in the on-premise. That's been, frankly, the most difficult thing for any of us in the industry to project as to where it's going to go and how it's going to go there. What I would say is, we have very focused business plans against each channel. We plan by channel, as you would expect, and by customer; and we would certainly expect to have a strong showing in the on-premise once we get back to something resembling normalcy, acknowledging that the general consensus within the industry is that we are going to have a smaller on-premise coming out of the pandemic than we had going in, just because of the challenges that unfortunately many of our important accounts have had during the pandemic.
William Newlands: I would also just add to that, what Garth said, that keep in mind, Canopy has already had – is already well prepared for the U.S. market relative to their investments or their prepared investments in both acreage and terrace land, plus their cash position. So we would certainly expect that if there is any speed up in the federal legalization, that Canopy is well positioned to be a winner in the U.S. market going forward.
William Newlands: Well, I'd like to thank everybody for joining our call today. Despite the challenges faced in 2020, we're again on-track to deliver a strong year of growth, which is consistent with our long-term goals. We're confident in the resiliency of our business. Our beer business remained strong as demand continues to be robust, while our Wine and Spirits premiumization strategy continues to gain momentum and is further enhanced by the completion of the Gallo deal. The health of our business has allowed us to provide fiscal 2021 guidance that reinforces our strategic growth priorities and strong cash generation capabilities. This, coupled with the closure of the Gallo transaction, allows us to continue to execute on our commitment to return $5 billion in value to our shareholders through fiscal 2023. As a reminder, during our next quarterly call, we will be providing our guidance for the upcoming fiscal year. Thanks again, everyone, for joining the call and I wish you all a safe, happy and prosperous New Year. Thank you.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. Thanks Bonnie. Yes, so we did increase the range a little bit there as you said 8% to 10%, and we did increase our margin outlook closer to 41%. So we feel really good about that margin profile by the way. But you're right, that does imply some bit of dilution if you will in Q4, so let me just give you some of the elements that make up that. As we said, the biggest driver of that is going to be marketing because we think it's important that we continue to spend behind the brands and support the brands, particularly Corona Hard Seltzer. And so there's going to be significant increase in marketing spend in Q4. Additionally, we have a couple of COGS-related headwinds in Q4. One is, as we've had even in Q3, which is freight and logistics, as we're doing things to expedite shipments into the U.S. to ensure that we're increasing our inventory levels to more historical levels. And then furthermore, under COGS, we also have increased headcount in Obregon as we get ready to turn on the next 5 million hectoliters of capacity at Obregon. And we also in Q4 have some brewery maintenance that we shifted out of Q3 and into Q4. And then finally, the last thing is just as we talked about, the staggered pricing increases that we've taken this year and we staggered them through Q3 and Q4 and some will flow into the first quarter of next year. So all of those together is what's leading to a bit of a giveback on margins in Q4.
Garth Hankinson: Yes. So I'll answer the first question there. So in terms of – you're right that the one point or that the $2 billion we just announced is in addition to the $1.9 billion. The additional $2 billion is to give us further flexibility around share repurchases and we're still committed to the $5 billion return to shareholders, half of which is share repurchases through the end of fiscal 2023.
Garth Hankinson: Sure. So just on capital allocation in general, our capital allocation priorities remain consistent with what we said earlier this year, which is continuing to pay down debt and getting into and maintaining levels inside our targeted leverage ratio that we're comfortable with. And we've made good progress on that this year. So far, we've brought our leverage ratio down about 59 basis points from where we started the year, about 39 basis points since the end of Q2, and we announced earlier this week that the early redemption of another $500 million in notes. So we're going to – that continues to be priority number one. And then, we are fully committed to the share repurchase program that we've previously announced, which is to return to shareholders $2.5 billion worth of capital through share repurchases by the end of our fiscal 2023, as well as dividends to make up the balance. As it relates specifically to the Canopy warrants, there is still – on the next batch of warrants, there's still two years left on those. So we don't need to make a decision anytime soon. Even with the performance of Canopy's share price, they're still not in the money. So we'll make the decision on those warrants much more closely to when they mature or to their termination date.
