Robert S. Sands: Sure, Tim. We do have higher grape costs coming through from the calendar year 2011 and 2012 grape harvest. So that's what's primarily putting the margin pressure on the wine side. Now as it relates to pricing, we've seen pricing in the low end of the market, meaning below $5, which doesn't really impact us because we don't really have a significant portion of our portfolio in this segment. But generally, in the segments which we call Premium Plus, $5 and above, or sort of the mainstream of the commercial wine business, between $5 and $15, we've actually seen very little to no pricing when you start looking at the market on a brand-by-brand and SKU-by-SKU basis. And I say brand-by-brand and SKU-by-SKU because, if you're looking at IRI data, you have to be very careful to take into account that it appears that there's pricing, but it's really all mix-related as the higher-priced products continue to grow at a faster rate than the lower-priced products. So it's primarily higher grape cost coming through and no pricing, which is driving some margin erosion, but a relatively modest level of margin erosion. Right now, I would say our basic strategy is to continue to invest behind our Focus Brands to drive market share growth and make sure that they remain healthy so that when the opportunity does arise, we will be able to leverage the P&L to take advantage of the investments that we've made and the strength that we've achieved for our big brands and our Focus Brands.
Robert S. Sands: You know, it really would be. But Chelada, just for everybody's information, if you're not familiar with it, is basically a combination of tomato juice or Clamato juice, Clamato juice and beer, and it's a typically consumed combination. And the answer is that, that's strictly a Crown innovation, although Modelo does have Cheladas in Mexico. So it is a Crown innovation for the U.S.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, I think what we said, Judy, is low to mid-single digits on the depletions and the net sales and mid-single digits on EBIT. As it relates to pricing, generally, we're just simply not going to comment on pricing, primarily because it's so uncertain, basically, at this point as to what's going to happen in the marketplace. But that said, we're obviously pretty confident in our guidance of low to mid-single-digit growth rate on the top line, which will put us in a position of gaining market share in beer once again, and we should be able to leverage that on the bottom line to mid-single-digit EBIT growth.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, I would say, Kaumil, it's the former, as you described it, which is that we're choosing to step up our investment this year again, really, to continue to drive the kind of momentum in our Focus Brands that we've achieved last year and as well to drive continued innovation. This year, we'll introduce approximately 25 new products/line extension SKUs, and this will require some additional investment, which is going to flow through the marketing line. We also, as I mentioned, do have the higher grape cost flowing through, but the plan is definitely to make these investments with a view towards translating that into P&L leverage at some point in the medium-term future. So we do expect these investments to pay back. We do think it's the right thing to do for the brands. We think it's the right thing to do for the company and the health of the brands and the company for the future. But we do anticipate them to be investments with a significant return, and we do expect that to translate into leverage in the future on the wine and spirits side.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, I think that it's actually going to benefit the big players on the wine side around the world that have established relations with growers, that have the capacity to purchase vineyards and generally will be the beneficiaries of moving into tighter supply. It will be the smaller and the more marginal players that will potentially be hurt to the greater -- greatest degree because they simply don't have the clout and the leverage and the relationships to overcome the shortages. Now that said, we're not expecting the market to turn from oversupply to severe shortage. These things are usually overstated in the media and the press. I think last year was a good example of that, the 2012 harvest. Or when you look at sort of how things transpired from 2011 to 2012, 2011 was a little short. Everybody cried wolf, and there was going to be a grape shortage. It turned out not to be a grape shortage. 2012 turned out to be the largest harvest in California that we've ever had. There's actually plenty of wine and juice around. It remains to see how 2013 will play out. If you look around the world, Europe had a bad harvest, so there's some shortages there. Australia continues to be in oversupply; South Africa, oversupply; California is sort of balanced; South America, balanced, depending on exactly where you're talking about. So it's some and some. So you can't read the press and get too excited about it, because it tends to exaggerate both the oversupply and it tends to exaggerate the undersupply. So we don't really see, in either the short term or the medium term, anything happening that is, I'll say, terribly unexpected or that will impact our operating results in a more material way than we've indicated.
Robert S. Sands: Yes, we think that, generally, Mark, it will be an advantage to the business on all of the -- or on the major components of COGS, okay? So one of the major components of COGS, the major components of COGS in the Beer business are glass and freight, which constitute about 70% of total COGS, okay? And the -- when we look at the potentiality of combining some of our Wine and Spirits procurement activities around, as I said, those components, we do think that it's got the potential of being advantageous to the business. Some of the smaller areas of COGS, malt, hops, crowns, things to this effect, cans, should be relatively neutral. But the major components, we may have some advantage.
Robert S. Sands: Now you're getting all these flavors confused. We're not doing coconut beer, and we're not doing cinnamon SVEDKA. That was tomato juice and beer, okay, and cinnamon whisky.
Robert S. Sands: Well, thank you, all, for joining our call today. As I mentioned, I am very excited about the prospect of finalizing the Beer transaction and integrating 100% of the Crown business and the Piedras Negras brewery with Constellation. This deal is a game changer for us, significantly enhancing our financial profile and providing new avenues for growth. I am also excited about our plans for fiscal 2014. As we enter the new year, we have great marketplace momentum across our Beer, Wine and Spirits businesses, and we are poised for solid execution of our goals for the year. Now as I mentioned, we will be hosting an Investor Conference in New York City on June 5, and I look forward to seeing many of you there at that time. So thanks, again, for your participation in our conference call.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, Judy. This is Bob. So the way this will work, we have transition services agreement with InBev in order to secure the fact that we can keep the U.S. consumers happy with all our wonderful products. As we build out the Piedras Negras facility, the manufacturing will shift from InBev facilities to our own Piedras Negras facility. The Piedras Negras facility is very efficient, so it will be able to produce beer at a lower cost than we are buying that beer from InBev for. So over time, margins will improve because of that production shift from less efficient brewery to more efficient brewery. So you have that going on. Then you have the same dynamics that all the beer players have in what's going on with input cost, what's going on with brewery -- core brewery efficiencies, what's going on in U.S. pricing dynamics. But what's unique for us is the shift of production from InBev to Piedras Negras, and we expect that by the end of 3 years, we will be making all of our own beer, because as you get up to a $20 million (sic) [20 million] hectoliter capacity, that should be enough production capacity to last us, say, 5 to 7 years.
Robert P. Ryder: That's correct. There's a bit of efficiencies from some warehouse capital spend, but because of the late start to this year, most of the capital spend we're making will not result in increased production capacity. It will be like down payments on long lead time equipment, engineering, drawing, things like that.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I'd say, without giving specific numbers, the 2 big drivers will be reduced leverage and reduced interest expense, right, as we delever. Reduced capital spending, but that won't happen until like year 4, right, because we'll be spending capital on the brewery for years 1, 2, 3. And actually, year 2 and year 3 will be higher than year 1, right? And increased profits from the manufacturing of the beer, because we'll be making it in our facility versus InBev making it in theirs. And then add on to that, that our product categories are in high-margin, high-growth -- it's a high-margin, high-growth industry. And also, Judy, as we get past the first year, we'll most likely have lower onetime costs, right, because we have the initial financing fees and the initial kind of professional service and transition costs that are going to hit us next year, which I talked about in my script.
Robert P. Ryder: Pretty big numbers, right, are going in our favor as we go forward. And you'll see that as we start to delever, we should get some very good free cash flow and EPS leverage as we move out into time.
Robert P. Ryder: As you know, Kaumil, over the last 4 or 5 years, we've had some favorable outcomes in our tax rate, and our effective tax rate is probably, average, maybe 30% or even below that. Last year was a very low rate. What those 5 years included were some positive outcomes from foreign tax credits, okay? Now before this acquisition that we're talking about, we had a lot of foreign operations historically, but this year would have drained all those foreign tax credits. So we would not have had any more going forward, okay? This would have been the last year of those positives. For the beer transaction, we've essentially given guidance at the statutory tax rate. It will not be worse than that. Because the beer transaction is so new, we haven't baked in any potential tax rate upside, so -- if there even is any. We don't know if there even is any. So we'll be keeping people advised of this as we go forward. The tax rate shouldn't get worse, but it also may not get better.
Robert P. Ryder: So you're correct. The beer industry had a, if people remember, had a very strong end last year, volumes were very good, so we were -- and we participated in that. So we were overlapping a positive period in the prior year. In addition, in the fourth quarter, there were 2 fewer selling days in this year's fourth quarter versus last year's fourth quarter, right? So that doesn't seem like a lot, but it is in a quarter, right? And you are correct, we did not have St. Pauli Girl this year. We -- I don't know -- I don't think we had it in last year's fourth quarter either. On a full year basis, St. Pauli Girl, this year, we sold a little less than 1 million cases. In the previous year, we sold probably twice that, a little bit more than 2 million cases. So there was some St. Pauli Girl overlap. In the grand scheme of things, St. Pauli Girl was not a big piece of our business. So I'd say that the big pieces were the selling days and the positive -- the overlap of the positive weather in the previous year. Now that was our reported sales, right? As you'll see, we still did fine on earnings in the fourth quarter. I think they were up 4%. And if you look at IRI or market trends, we were still doing great, so it was really just as we look at shipments year-over-year and allotted shipment day influence.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, the only pricing is there -- in there -- and remember, we took pricing, as did the rest of the beer industry, but we took less, in October of calendar '12, right? So that pricing move is a positive margin enhancement throughout fiscal '14 as well. So it's a positive in the fourth quarter fiscal '13 and throughout fiscal '14 that will carry through, and that is part of the reason why our guidance is that operating profits will grow more than net sales -- and in volumes.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, in October, we took pricing of just under 2%. That's across our total portfolio, and the pricing was very different by geographies and by SKU. But in general, it was just under 2%.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, advertising in total and advertising as a percentage of sales will be up in the Wine and Spirits business. And it's still, in the Wine and Spirits business, still not a huge number. It's between 4% and 5%. So in fiscal '12, it was closer to 4% -- I'm sorry, fiscal '13, it was closer to 4%. Fiscal '14 will be closer to 5%. In the Beer business, there's a lot more advertising. It's more like 8% of sales. That will be consistent in fiscal '14 versus what it was in fiscal '13.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. Most likely, what our segments reporting will look like is, you will have a Beer segment, which will include what we currently call Crown plus the brewery, right, so that will be a complete segment from buying the raw materials through selling through to the distributors, okay? And we will continue with our Wine and Spirits segment and our corporate segments. That's most likely. We haven't completely landed on that, but that's probably what we will have.
Robert P. Ryder: Sure. The fourth quarter, as Rob said in his script, the fourth quarter had very good top line results for wine. Now there's a lot of seasonality involved, and as we said in the scripts, too, you should look at the full year versus the quarter. But the fourth quarter's a big quarter in the Wine and Spirits business, so we had a lot of our promotional and sales focus on the fourth quarter. In addition, a lot of the new product introductions, and as Rob said, there were about 50, really started to gain additional distribution as we entered the end of the third quarter and the beginning of the fourth quarter. So they had much better distribution in the fourth quarter this year versus the fourth quarter of last year. So I'd say it was promotional and sales execution focus in that time period and increased distribution for our new products were the 2 big drivers.
Robert P. Ryder: No. As we said in our guidance, we expect wine and spirits sales to be in the mid-single digit for fiscal '14, all right? I'd encourage everybody to look at the full year results versus the individual quarters.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I think we won't be giving details 3 years because, as you said, it's just too early. But we will be giving some flavor about -- around what we look like when we -- how much free cash flow can this thing generate, what are the COGS makeups, how, are we advantaged, disadvantaged. We will be giving additional flavor around the beer transaction. We'll also be spending a reasonable amount of time around the marketing end of both wine and beer, with a lot of focus around new product introductions and some focus around sales execution and some of the things we have cooking there and some of the processes that we've put in place. Because as Rob said, look, we're fortunate to be in, I'll say, fast-growing, high-margin categories, right? High-end imported beer, premium wine, premium spirits. And our goal is to maintain or grow share in those categories, right, which ends up with a pretty nice top line. And as Rob said, we hope to have the bottom line growing at or better than the top line in the reasonable near future. So I don't think we'll be giving detailed 3-year financials, but we'll be talking around those themes.
Robert P. Ryder: It's a little hard to judge. It -- clearly, Wine and Beer would be areas that make logical sense. However -- and Spirits, for that matter, makes a lot of sense. We like the Spirits business. We'd like to be bigger in the Spirits business, but it's really all a function of what opportunities are out there and the economics of those opportunities. First and foremost, we've got to get this deal closed. We've got a few years of deleveraging to focus on. That will go pretty quickly due to the strong cash flow generation of the underlying business. And then, as it relates to acquisition opportunities, all 3 categories are fertile ground for that, but we're not going to overpay. We're not going to break our financial discipline. And I think that the good thing is that we have a lot of opportunity to generate organic growth through innovation, really, in all 3 categories, but particularly so in Beer, with our own state-of-the-art brewery and the kind of production capacity that we're putting in. We're designing that so that we can innovate in the high end of the beer market and create, craft, style beers, for instance, that can take advantage of the growth in the high-end segment of the beer market, much along the lines of what we're doing with Rick Bayless. So a lot of opportunity there, and you're already seeing the innovation and the effect of the innovation we're doing on the Wine side, where wine innovation constituted almost 6% of our sales in FY '13, which is pretty similar or pretty much spot-on with what the wine market overall did in general. And we've really stepped up our innovation on the Spirits side, which we're seeing some extremely positive momentum from, particularly on the addition of our new flavors. We're going to be driving that, because the flavor segment of the vodka category is really where all of the really strong growth is. And it's a much smaller segment of the vodka category than people really think. It's only about 20% of the vodka category, but you go out there and look at what's on the shelves, okay, and it's actually astounding as to how much shelf space is being devoted to flavors in the vodka category versus what we call the straight 80 proof, which is the non-flavored version. And interestingly enough, the flavored category has even better margins than the non-flavored category. And what's going in brown spirits and flavors completely reinvigorated the brown spirits category. It's completely reinvigorated Black Velvet. I mean, that was a relatively mature brand that, historically, we would not have slated for a lot of growth. I mean, the Canadian Whisky category, which was kind of lackluster, flattish to down-ish in that particular price point, but with the introduction of our flavors, the Toasted Caramel and the introduction of the Cinnamon Rush, we're seeing very, very strong growth in that category as well. So a lot of opportunity on the organic side, and we will take advantage of acquisition opportunities as they come along in all 3 categories, but we're not going to break our financial discipline and overpay, okay, just to make deals, especially in the context of how much opportunity exists on the organic side.
Robert P. Ryder: So we've got a very strong team of people that we're acquiring with the Piedras Negras brewery who are very successfully operating the brewery at the current time. We don't expect any change in employment with respect to the team that's operating that brewery. Obviously, we've got a very strong Crown team that's been responsible for the sales and marketing of that portfolio for almost 20 years and has built that business into what it is today. And in general, in the company, we have a very strong supply chain organization that operates more than 36 wineries and distilleries around the entire world and thousands and thousands of employees, of which many of them came out of the brewing industry as well as spirits and wine. We are assembling a team of people that'll be comprised of existing Crown personnel, existing Constellation production personnel, as well as some new personnel that will also be involved in the oversight of the expansion of the Piedras Negras brewery as well as operations in general. But that said, I can't overemphasize the fact that we are acquiring a very, very strong team of people that are currently very successfully operating that brewery. And by the way, not only are they very -- currently very successfully operating the brewery, but this is the team of people who built the brewery besides. It's a brand-new brewery. It was only commissioned, and it's only been operating for a couple of years. And so we have all of the resources that have gone into building this, and we negotiated transition services arrangements with ABI to ensure that we would have their expertise going forward over the next 3 years as we integrate the brewery into our production operations as well.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, well, #1, I'm specifically accountable and responsible for the earnings of the Beer, Wine and Spirits business. And then underneath me, of course, we do have a very strong team of people who are responsible for the overall business. But Bill Hackett, okay, is the President of the Beer business, and he is the person who is primarily responsible for delivering the beer results. But he will be working very closely as well with the Crown supply chain side of the business that reports to him as well as the overall Constellation supply chain side of the business, which will be responsible, as I said, for oversight of the brewery and expansion of the brewery. So Bill Hackett is the person responsible for beer profit.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, the answer to that is no. The government oversight is focused on the build-out of the Piedras Negras brewery over the next 3 years and ensuring that the milestones that we've set forth are met and the expansion is completed so that the production is -- so that the production aspect of our Beer business is entirely independent at the end of the 3-year period. That's the sole focus of the DOJ or government oversight. The commercial side of the business is completely under our control, period.
Robert P. Ryder: No, it's the opposite. There'll be lower logistics costs in supplying from the Piedras Negras brewery, which is only 13 miles south of the Texas border and, therefore, closer to the U.S. market than any other plant that -- or brewery that was previously supplying the U.S.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. So I would encourage everybody to just kind of forget about the $310 million. And the $310 million was just an estimate at the time, so that the number we feel that would be at $370 million, it could actually be a slightly different number when the audit finally figures out. And remember, all that number represents is the translated peso profits from calendar '12 of the manufacturing of beer to be sold to Crown, right? So that is a base, and I tried to give some guidance as to how we think that will pan out in '14. Regarding the foreign exchange, actually, the beer industry, the majority of input costs are U.S. dollar-based, things like glass, aluminum, even like hops and barley and things like that. So really, the big foreign exchange exposure is the labor in the brewery is just the big, I'd say, transactional exposure because, of course, you're paying the employees in pesos, and you ultimately sell the product in dollars. Of course, there's a reasonable amount of depreciation at the brewery, which is also peso-denominated, but that's more -- that's translation versus transaction, because there's really no cash involved. So as you -- as you get down -- well, and the other thing I'll say is, so Day 1, when we're buying, say, 30%, 40% of our volumes from InBev, okay, as we buy those finished products from them, that is a dollar-denominated transaction. We will pay them in dollars, right, so we have no foreign exchange exposure. As we move towards producing at the Piedras Negras brewery, our foreign exchange exposure will increase, all right, because we'll be hiring more labor there, so -- and that will be peso-denominated. So over time, that will increase. But in the grand scheme of things, the foreign exchange exposure for our Beer business is not -- percentage-wise, isn't going to be that large, okay? Now the COGS number is a big number, right? It's $1.5 billion to $2 billion, depending how much volume you say it is. But there's probably only about 25% to 35% of that is peso-denominated.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. Our working capital assumptions for '14 aren't dramatically different from '13. The -- it is a higher use of working capital, simply because the business is growing. I'd say our metrics are similar. We're assuming a harvest in, I'll say, fiscal '14 to be similar to the harvest in fiscal '13, so -- and we expect cost of grapes to be, again, up a little bit, cost per ton. But I would say that working capital isn't a huge driver in the year-over-year delta of free cash flow. Of course, the beer transaction is the big driver, and onetime cost and all that kind of stuff.
Robert P. Ryder: Well, in 2015, we expect to fund it out the of existing cash for the revolver, right? So if it were to occur, of course, our interest expense will be lower. But we have that in our whole financing scheme. We will not have to go to the market to borrow more money. We will be able to do that from the facilities that we are raising right at this moment.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes, I'd say it's the pricing we took in October of calendar '12 is a piece, and some efficiencies throughout the rest of the business will be another driver. But the pricing was certainly a big piece.
