Robert Ryder: We kept the EPS range at $0.10 when normally in the third quarter we might tighten it a little bit by $0.02 or so. I think it was because of the continued vibrations in the economy and perhaps if it follows through the potential cost of the refinancing of the revolver. They are the two big reasons. 
Robert Ryder: I think that is fair. We just felt we would like to keep the range at the $0.10 given all the uncertainty as our depletions continue to improve in both beer and in wine but we are not sure what is going to happen in the economy and we are still fine tuning our distributor transition. 
Robert Ryder: Generally in the beer business, shipments and depletions are prealigned. This is actually a good news story in that we feel that we were able to get some pretty good media buys because the prices came down in the advertising market over some peak sporting events and actually the sporting events had pretty high ratings. They were actually some pretty good games if you remember back to that. So we think they were good buys and we do think that drove some increased depletions in the quarter. The level of increased depletion surprised us a little bit so we had a slight de-stocking in the beer channel which I think will be replenished in the fourth quarter. 
Robert Ryder: Part of that for the quarter and for the full year we did have the tax rate upside. Offsetting that might be some slightly weaker EBIT throughout the businesses. We are still a bit tentative on what sales are going to do so we thought it was prudent to keep the full $0.10 range. Remember, if we are successful in refinancing our debt there will be costs associated with that as well which would hit the fourth quarter. 
Robert Ryder: I wouldn’t expect that. No. Profits have been negative for Crown. You can back into it our stated guidance for Crown is profits will be down high single digits. It may be high single digits to maybe very low double digits. 
Robert Ryder: We can try. We will be giving full-year guidance at the year-end call. It is interesting you say that because all of our planning meetings with our business units happen very shortly and after that the tax guys start wrapping up what we think geographies and profits are going to come to. So it is a whole process. We will be talking about that on the April call. 
Robert Ryder: That will be your choice. Right now I can’t anticipate any significant changes here. Remember there are some pretty big swingers in the air like if our transaction goes ahead with Australia Vintage Limited that can have an impact on tax rates. So there are a lot of moving parts. I don’t envy you because you are right you have to make a call and you don’t have all the information. Sorry about that. 
Robert Ryder: It is a little confusing. Probably the easiest way to look at it is the year-to-date numbers. If you look at year-to-date in the press release for North America I think sales were essentially flat. Right? That is pretty much in line with where our more recent depletion data has been. So that is probably the best way to look at it. 
Robert Ryder: I think sales if you iron out the movement in Q2 to Q3 again sales were sort of flat in North America similar to the year-to-date trend. Okay? Depletions have gotten better since just before Thanksgiving I would say versus what they were from the second quarter through the first part of the third quarter. 
Robert Ryder: I guess we talked about this a bit at the second quarter. Because of the distributor strategy we sort of held back some promo spending in Q1 and Q2 so we could sort of do it with the new distributors in Q3 and Q4. So that did flow through our income statement in Q3. Now you don’t see that. It is in the net sales number. So Q3 of this year we did spend in the US more promotions money than we did in the previous year. So that did impact the P&L. 
Robert Ryder: I don’t know if I would call any of it one off. Because of the noise between Q2 and Q3 both in wine and remember the comment we had around SVEDKA it is probably better to look at the year-to-date P&L where you will see a gross margin reduction but that is more than offset by our SG&A initiatives and on a year-to-date operating profits are up about 180 basis points. Gross profit margin was down about 230 basis points or something like that. The SG&A saved it. We think and we took these actions in the fourth quarter of last year. We think we have been relatively diligent about bringing SG&A down to offset the gross margin compression. 
Robert Ryder: Essentially the shipment to distributors happened at a point in the quarter where we won’t collect the receivable until the fourth quarter so that is why you have a very high receivables balance and you have an increased use of cash in the accounts receivable line item on the cash flow statement. 
Robert Ryder: Sure. It was essentially some positive outcomes on some tax audits essentially. So the tax audits were cleared. When they are cleared we reflect either the positive or negative in the P&L and this quarter it was a positive. 
Robert Ryder: Actually yes they were. The auditors are usually about 3-4 years in arrears and when the audits get cleared up and these related to previous years’ tax expense that was taken that can flush through the P&L. So if they get cleared positively that reduces this year’s tax rate. If they don’t get cleared then you should have that actually covered and you won’t see a change in the tax rate. 
Robert Ryder: I would say we are a pretty big business and in every industry I have been in the wide majority of your capital spend occurs in the fourth quarter because sometimes it is the engineering school training that happens. I have been in a couple of different businesses so that is kind of happening. The other thing going on is the fusion ERP project we have going on that certainly we will be spending around that in the fourth quarter and there was very little if any in last year’s fourth quarter. So that is probably the answer to that. 
Robert Ryder: There is a lot. Again as I said, the way you do a capital forecast there are thousands of projects that sort of roll up and it is very difficult to get…the engineers always want to hold onto that capital forecast so we do the best we can to try to isolate the numbers and give the best guess we can. But you never know. So it could be a lot of projects get spent against and also the fusion project is a new project so there is no history against which we can look. We are relatively comfortable in bringing down that CapEx number and again the range is $20 million in a $250-270 million number. So there is a lot of moving parts in the cash flow forecast. 
Robert Ryder: I think that is a pretty narrow range for a long-term forecast. I think if I was you the long term forecast a fair number would be 130-150 and again because of where we are in the wine business we are pretty mature. We have all our facilities so our big use of capital is more around inventory than it is around capital spending. 130-150 I think is probably about 3.5% to 4% of sales which for us isn’t a real big number. 
Robert Sands: First of all that comment was relative to our business, not the industry in general. The industry in general although is performing well. I would say it has been fairly consistent as opposed to there being an uptick. In our business on the wine side yes we are seeing some improved performance. I think that is generally as a result of the fact that a lot of our efforts for instance our distributor consolidation and the increase of our promotional activities in the third quarter these things are now kicking in and we really are starting to see some positive impact on that in late third quarter and we have seen some of the positive impact of that into December and the holiday season.  We are pretty optimistic that things are working pretty well at this stage on the wine side. On the beer side, as much as Bob said we had some very good media. The media I think drove some pretty strong sales particularly in grocery. We are seeing some stabilization on the on-premise side. I would say the convenience sector still remains highly challenged.  On beer, I would say that while we are generally pleased and optimistic with the performance we are nevertheless still believing that we will be down from a depletion perspective mid single digits for the year because in general that segment, the import segment although we are way outperforming the competitors. That segment still remains pretty challenged in the beer business. 
Robert Sands: Well convenience isn’t a big factor for wine. For beer it is the largest channel. So two completely different things. In terms of, no I don’t think it is getting worse but as I said it remains a pretty challenged segment but let me just reiterate for wine it is not a factor. For beer it is a significant factor. 
Robert Sands: Not really. By the way in general I would say trading up has picked up and fundamentally there isn’t trading down in that the higher priced segments are now growing much faster than the lower price segments with the super premium plus category growing high single digits again. That said, I still would say that within category there is some trading down going on. I would say categories mean price segments. So if you look at the $10-15 segment within that there will be some trading down towards the lower end of that segment versus the higher end or if you are looking even the higher end segments there will be some trading down.  Fundamentally there is trading up although within segments there is trading down and therefore there can be some negative mix shift which is the case. There is some negative mix shift in the business even within categories some of the lower price products are selling better than the higher priced products and of course margin tends to go with the price point. 
Robert Sands: I would say somewhere between really we can only talk volumetrically because you don’t have a lot of insight into dollars beyond the IRI channel which is only about 30% but volumetrically I would say that around 1% would be a good guess. It could be a bit higher than that. It could be a bit lower than that depending on the state of the economy. That is for the total wine industry in the US. We will see IRI grow faster than that. We will see mass merchandise grow faster than that. We will see on-premise grow slower than that. There is going to be puts and takes. Volumetrically about 1% and then in dollars will be higher than that because of the general trends towards trading up which continue. 
Robert Sands: Our goal is to equal or exceed industry growth on a weighted basis. So you have to take into account what categories you play in and so on and so forth. That is our goal. So equal or greater. 
Robert Sands: I think Lindsey asked the question and my answer was a definitive no. The litigation has no impact whatsoever on the contract. There is no impact on the term. It is a dispute over money which was said an immaterial amount. Clearly again in an answer to your question my answer is no. I am not even clear on what you mean by calling it quits. No, we won’t. We can’t do that. As you know the contract’s initial term runs through the end of 2016. We have certainly no reason to believe or expect that anything different will occur other than the business will continue to be operated and generate the kind of results it has historically.  The results of course historically it has been a very strong performer. With the downturn in the economy the import business has been negatively impacted. I would say as the economy improves there is upside in that business in particular being a bit more cyclical than some of our other businesses. There is no impact on the business that is Crown and there is no impact really on the JV agreement or the term related to the lawsuit which as I said is what we stated is an immaterial amount of dollars. 
Robert Sands: First of all nothing about the lawsuit would impact my previous statements with regard to the value of the JV not being appropriately reflected in Constellation’s valuation for all the reasons I have stated in the past because nothing has changed in that regard with respect to what happens at the end of the contract and the issues around recognizing the terminal value. Nothing has changed at all.  Obviously there is a disagreement between us and Modello on the point that is being litigated in the lawsuit. I would say as a general proposition that both partners recognize we have to get along and we have to work together as it relates to the overall operations of Crown to maximize its success. No, we can’t ignore the fact that there is a dispute over something very specific which is being litigated but we are all reasonable people and we all understand that we have to get along and operate with respect to ensuring that the operations of the business are maximized. That is basically where things stand. 
Robert Sands: The answer is no I really can’t comment on that. It is a matter that is being litigated. It is really not appropriate for me to comment on that point. I apologize for not being able to give you more information on that but clearly that is not something we discuss at this time. 
Robert Sands: Thanks for joining our call today. Let me summarize what I think are the highlights of the third quarter as follows: First, we continued to benefit from our global cost reduction initiatives. Our full year free cash flow is targeted to be at the upper end of our guidance range. We reduced debt by more than $335 million since the beginning of our fiscal year. We continued our portfolio transformation efforts with the proposed sale of our cider business, the proceeds of which we expect to be used to further reduce our debt. We are experiencing improving depletion trends in our US wine, spirits and beer business. Lastly, we continue to progress with our distributor consolidation initiative. Our plan is to continue execution of our strategic initiatives throughout the final quarter of the year.  Finally, we will be providing guidance for our fiscal year 2011 during our next quarterly conference call scheduled for early April. Thank you again everybody for joining our call. 
