Bill Newlands: No. We remain very positive about the back half of the year. The critical things that are important relative to our back half is normal seasonality. We only do 45% in the back half, we do our maintenance in Q3, which always limits Q3 somewhat. And we're going against pricing from last year that won't largely be repeated combined with the normal sales buildup ahead of price increases that occurred again in Q3 last year. But let's just keep in mind, when you look at the takeout data you see in tracked channels, our four-week numbers are very consistent with the 52-week numbers. This is an ongoing growth story that we have a lot of confidence in, which is why we raised our expectations for the year in beer. We expect to have a very strong second half.
Bill Newlands: Certainly. We certainly expect to see a strong reset period. You know, there's some limited resets that occur here in the fall. Most of those occur in the spring. Our confidence around that drives primarily from the sheer velocities that we have within our key brands. No, our portfolio is second to none in terms of delivering against velocities. And those have been consistent year-on-year, which gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to continue to see shelf set gains. Retailers are very smart about this, and they recognize where the growth and velocity is coming from and that will work strongly to our advantage as those resets occur.
Bill Newlands: Certainly. A couple of things stand out, Nik, around this. As you know, a few years ago, we literally had no redundancy in the system. We now do, and that certainly provides much greater flexibility in terms of our operations footprint to do a number of things. One is to make sure we're able to keep up with our increasing demand that we consistently see on our business and in a scenario where something is accelerating at a greater pace than what we had anticipated. We can react to that. I think, A, that's very strong. Secondly, as you know, we made some significant investments in our digital business efforts and those are really paying dividends in terms of our supply chain capability as well. That has significantly refined our ability to make sure we have the right supply chain capabilities all the way through the supply chain. So, I'd say both of those things have been critically important. In fact, and I know you'll be there -- you'll get a chance to hear about this in some depth during our Investor Meeting on November 2nd. We think this is a critical factor that's been important to our continuing ability to maintain and meet the significant increase in demand that we've seen and we'll go into that in a fair amount of detail on November 2nd.
Bill Newlands: Yes. Sure, Dara. On the first point, the question of whether or not the sort of mid-single-digit continues, I think, remains to be seen. Certainly, as Garth noted at Barclays, and we said during our prepared remarks, it's more than it has usually been so whether or not it refers to the norm of what we usually see, which is sort of lower single-digit remains to be seen, and obviously, one that we watch carefully. Relative to the shelf sets, yes, we think this is going to be a great opportunity for us for all the reasons I answered earlier, which is our velocities are second to none. And we fully expect that we're going to be able to expand our presence. That also impacts some of our new product development. If you think about Oro, I mean, Oro is off to an excellent start much in line with what our expectations were.  And that also gives us a chance to expand our shelf presence because we expect that, that particular brand using that example is going to get more shelf space. The last thing I would say, and I got to call out Chelada’s, because Chelada's has just been absolutely on fire. And our additional sizes and variety pack in those -- in that particular category, again, gives us chance outside of the core beer set to also gain more shelf space. So we need to think about this very broadly because we expect to gain both in what I would call the core beer shelf as well as the ancillary beer shelf as well with things like Chelada.
Bill Newlands: Yes. That, again, is one of those things that I think remains to be seen. One of the important things that we see with our brands is the consumer loyalty that is attached to those brands. Taking Modelo as an example, we over-index with the Hispanic community and the Hispanic community has tremendous brand loyalty to Modelo. Also with Corona. Corona is a much broader-based demographic, but that we continue to say it's the most loved beer because it is. I think that's critically important. People make choices all the time about where they're going to spend their discretionary income. And brand strength is critically important about how people make those judgments. So specifically to your question, it remains to be seen, but we feel very confident in our ability to see our brands continue to gain traction simply because there's so much brand loyalty attached to them.
Bill Newlands: Yes. So I think this points out to where our judicious approach to pricing has been spot on. We've said consistently -- in fact, we got questions about that on prior calls at times about why we weren't taking more price. Our view has consistently been 1% to 2% annually. We were a little more than that the last couple of years, but 1% to 2% is the consistent way that we look at it, and we look at it market-by-market, SKU-by-SKU. The rationale for that is quite simple. It's much easier to keep your consumer than to have to go get them again, if you have lost them. I think in this particular instance, as you point out, people are careful. We're seeing less -- more trips, but somewhat less purchasing per trip than we used to see, which simply means people are being a little more careful about what they do, given the inflationary environment that exists. I think the important part for us is the fact that even though there are more trips, they are making more trips to purchase more of our brands, even if they might spend a little less on any particular trip, again, that speaks to what I just replied to on the prior question, which is about our brand loyalty and about the consistent consumer dynamics that really works to our advantage over the long run. So again, I think the critical element to that is our judicious pricing approach over time is one that's going to do us very well when you're in a consumer environment that people are a little bit more concerned or a little bit more nervous about the inflationary environment. And I think that's going to work to our advantage as we go forward.
Bill Newlands: Thanks, Robert. Yes, I would say that our cost savings and efficiency initiatives certainly are multiyear in nature. Obviously, we communicated earlier this year in Q1, we had taken $30 million out and then this year, an incremental $20 million for this quarter, I should say, an incremental $20 million. We're always looking at ways to sort of prove productivity create efficiencies in the business, whether that's through supply chain and procurement or operations.  Examples of that over time have been things like double stacking rail cars and the use of plastic pallets optimizing the location of inventory, as Bill referenced in response to a question earlier, improved purchasing in terms of raw materials, through better contract management and negotiations, as well as more effective and efficient use of our marketing spend. So it's absolutely something that the organization is focused on a year-on-year basis. And certainly, we will share a lot more detail on our cost savings initiatives for both our beer and our Wine and Spirits businesses at our upcoming Investor Day.
Bill Newlands: Sure. When I look at the most recent Circana data for four weeks, our total beer business is up 13.7%, which is very consistent with what the 52 weeks. That's what I was alluding to in my prior comments around that. Certainly, as we also noted, we expected that we would see some element of tightness during the course of the beginning of this quarter that we are in purely because we are lapping the October price increases that occurred last year and some of the prebuild that people do the retailers do ahead of any price increases that existed. All of that's consistent with what we've expected. And we expect, as we've said, the reason we raised the -- our guidance expectation around beer is because we expect to have a very strong back half of the year despite a couple of these headwinds that certainly exist.
Bill Newlands: Yes. So capital allocation is obviously something that we're going to discuss in greater detail at our upcoming Investor Day. But just broadly speaking, I would say, for this fiscal year, as we noted when we entered this year, we were going to at least buy back the dilution that occurred throughout the year. But this year, we are also prioritizing getting our leverage ratio back to our target of 3.0 versus where it was at an elevated state as a result of the reclassification. That said, we're always looking to be flexible and agile as conditions allow for. So something we continually look at. And just as a reminder, we do have $800 million remaining under our current board authorization. So in the event that we decide we want to be a bit more active, we have the ability to do so.
Bill Newlands: Yes, certainly, Lauren. It's really the tale of two cities. The lower end piece of the business, what we refer to as mainstream, has been very challenged. It's down mid to high single-digits, which obviously is somewhat challenging for us because we do have significant involvement with that category still even though we have divested a number of brands that played in that category. So that certainly is a very different answer than what I would say to you about the higher end portion of the business, where brands like Naomi and Kim Crawford and High West and Booker and things of that nature are all significantly outperforming our plans and expectations and gaining share. You're right. We'll talk about that at Investor Day. The other thing I keep in mind, unlike beer, which is about 45% in the second half, it's directly the flip when it comes to wine. That's 55% in the second half. And as we do, and a disproportionate amount of our business comes from ASPIRA and which much more relates to vintage releases those all tend to occur in the second half which again weights our business toward the back half the year versus the first half the year. And the other one I would just point out which I think is important to recognize. We made the choice as we said early this year that we were going to balance our ships and depletes all year long, as opposed to doing it once in the fourth quarter which is what we did last year That creates a bit of a challenge in the early part of our fiscal year, but gives us a significant improvement proposition in the back half of the year, as that won't occur as it did last year, creating a disproportionate shipment number in the fourth quarter last year, which won't be the case and we will be going against a much better proposition this year. So all in I think the wine business certainly has seen some challenges, but much like we see in the higher end of the beer business. The higher end portion of the category is much stronger and certainly our business in that sector is performing very nicely against category norms. And you're right we will go into all of that in much more depth during our investor discussion on November 2.
Bill Newlands: Thank you, and thank you all again for joining our call today. We're very pleased with our performance in the first half of fiscal 2024. As anticipated, our beer business further accelerated during its seasonally strongest period of the year to deliver excellent results. In our Wine and Spirits portfolio, our higher-end brands continued to outperform and track channels, and we're looking forward to an acceleration in the growth of that business over the second half. All told, we remain confident in our outlook for the full year and have tightened the expectations for growth in our beer business at the higher-end of the initial range, while increasing our overall EPS outlook as we drove interest expense lower due to our proactive debt management. In closing, I would like to encourage you to tune in for our upcoming Investor Day on November 2nd, where we will be sharing our latest perspective on the medium-term outlook for our business. You will find further details on how to access this event through our Investor Relations website at ir.cbrands.com. Thank you again for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing most of you, if not all of you, November 2.
