Robert P. Ryder: Tim, I think that the cost of that versus the prior year I think is sustainable. Most of that decrease is due to the overlap of some compensation costs last year. So we do think that, that run rate will persist for the balance of the year. And we should see a reduced corporate cost for the full year.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. So I apologize for this, it gets a little confusing because of the overlap, right? So our sales growth versus prior year, especially in the third quarter won't look very strong for wine or for beer, because there were distributor inventory builds in the third quarter. Now the fourth quarter, it will not be that way. And as Rob had said from a depletion perspective, we do expect to experience better depletion growth in the back half of the year than we did the front half because of the incremental promotion spend and the kick in of additional new products. So expect to start gaining share back in the back half of the year. But I would say from a full year perspective, I think sales are expected to be relatively flattish because of the distributor overlap.
Robert P. Ryder: The mix shift, it's interesting not just to us, it's the category and Rob alluded to it. Generally, the more expensive wines are growing much faster than the less expensive wines. So if you look at the wines above $5 a bottle at retail, they're growing at a multiple of wines below $5 at retail. So we have experienced, and it was in the first quarter as well, a very positive mix shift. I would anticipate that to continue in the balance of the year, because that's driven by consumer behavior.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. Mark, it was primarily an overlap of higher compensation cost last year. So that this year's run rate should continue.
Robert P. Ryder: Yes. I think a lot of that would be just the timing amongst quarters for both sales and how the expenses hit. But I think for the full year, we're reiterating EBIT guidance. It will be relatively flattish for the full year.
Robert P. Ryder: So you must have gotten to the 4.4 million by assuming the sales of the Halloween costumes. But they don't end up in the top line, so you got to take that away and that will get you close to the 4 million.
Robert Sands: Yes. We think that the category is actually pretty robust right now. You can see that in IRI and Nielsen. A few trends that continue are sort of high-double digit, high-single digit growth trading up in general, continues to be a pretty strong trend. And there continues to be a lot of confusion on that. And we see the consumer trading up to higher price category, but there is some trading down that's going on at the -- I'll say, at sort of the highest end of the business from products above $20 down into products that are more in say $15 to $25 range. And promotional activity remains pretty robust in the market as well. So in general, we see the category growing well. We don't anticipate that, that's likely to stop, and we see trading up to be a trend that's also going to continue. So we expect to see dollar sales growth in the category continue to be ahead of volume sales growth.
Robert Sands: Yes. Basically, you see a shorter harvest as I said in the 10% to 15% range. Even with that being the case, I would say that the supply-demand situation in the United States remains pretty well balanced, especially when you take into account supplies of wine from outside the United States that are often used in brands and various SKUs and brands like Malbec and so on and so forth. Pricing will be up. We definitely expect pricing to be up. So volume will be down, pricing will be up. But therefore, the 2 probably balance each other out in terms of the cost of the overall harvest. And as I said, since supply and demand pretty much remains balanced, we don't expect higher grape prices per ton to really affect us beyond what we've already built into our guidance and expectations in general. So it's probably a positive thing for the industry to have a bit of a short harvest this year because we've had some historically some longer harvest. So we think that is not a bad thing.
Robert Sands: We don't know exactly what that is, but we do expect some increase in cost per ton. It basically depends on where we're talking about. We're seeing the biggest probably impacts in the south central valley for some of the typically lower-priced grapes that are used in value and lower premium product. So that will probably impact us to the least extent, because we focus more on the Premium Plus categories. And so they're not going to be impacted as much.
Robert Sands: Yes. Our priorities remain the same, which is our first priority continues to be paying down debt. And obviously, we've been very successful and aggressive in taking our debt down to now about 3.2x debt to EBITDA at the end of the second quarter. We've moderated that because our cash flow is so strong with stock repurchases taking advantage of what we believe has been some very good values for our stock in the marketplace, as our transformational activities have kicked into gear and as we become more and more optimistic about our performance and our expectations for the future. And then relative to M&A, basically, what I've said is that we're not categorically ruling it out. And if something that we think is strategic and material comes along, we'll consider the opportunity. But it's not really our core strategy at the moment, which is really focused on brand building, organic growth, innovation. That's really where we're focusing all of our attention from a strategic point of view.
Robert Sands: Yes. We'll continue to take it down. But we also, obviously, have put in place a multiyear buyback program for our stock. And therefore, we also continue to take it -- we also intend to continue to take advantage of that as well. So just mathematically, the leverage has got to come down in all likelihood, the leverage ratio.
Robert Sands: No, Judy. It's basically the same. If there's some opportunities that arise, which we think are both strategic and synergistic and material, we'll certainly consider it. But as I said at the Analyst Meeting, and as I said today, our primary focus is going to continue to be on driving organic growth. We will continue to pay down debt. And we do have the stock buyback program in place. So nothing has really changed. I mean, obviously, we also announced simultaneously today that we did purchase the remaining 50% of Ruffino. That was expected. That's turned out to be a pretty strategic brand for us, as it builds a niche, i.e., Old World Wine and Italy, which Italy in particular is a growing category. So M&A is really quite unpredictable and not a key part of the strategy. But it's not something that we will ignore either. So no change in our philosophy or approach relative to that.
Robert Sands: Yes. Those promotional activities are definitely not just focused on price, but really focused on driving merchandising activity, i.e., displays, feature ads and things of that nature, which in the licenses is what really drives sales. So in actuality, what we try to do is be very careful not to put all of our promotional dollars against price, but to put them against things like incentives that help to, as I said, drive the kind of merchandising activities that drives sale that don't necessarily impact margins on an ongoing basis. So it's really a good mix of promotional activity. Some price and a lot, again as I said, is incentives.
Robert Sands: Well, we actually think that depletion trends will accelerate for the focus brands. They've been growing in the 3% to 4% range in the first half actually, 3.6% in depletions that is in Q2, which is pretty robust. But clearly, with our promotional activities, much more focused towards the second half, we expect our focus brands, which are growing at a faster rate than the total portfolio to benefit even disproportionately, positively versus the rest of the portfolio. So we expect to see that the depletion trends accelerate on those.
Robert Sands: They represent about 85% of our U.S. profitability, actually about 70% of our U.S. profitably. So the focus brands are what are really important.
Robert Sands: On the new products for Modelo, we see a lot of room to continue expanding within the U.S. on those price. I mean Victoria is not in full distribution by any stretch in the United States. So it's not even in some of the major markets like Florida and New York, for example. So there's a lot of runway on that and also a lot of runway on the new packages like the Familiar in particular, which has been a very, very successful package for Corona Extra.
Robert Sands: We haven't put any definitive time frame on that, but it will definitely take a couple years to expand those products nationally. Yes, for sure.
Robert Sands: We don't necessarily see it as a big drag on the portfolio. Our tail is very similar to the industry's tail in general. Our focus brands represent about 60% of our volume. The rest is, you can call it -- some of it is not tail, some of it is actually what we might even call incubatored. Our new brands, for instance, are not in our focus brands and they're not in the tail. So I guess what I'm telling is that the tail is not a huge drag in general, but it's more about growing the rest of the portfolio at a faster rate to achieve our growth goals. So I wouldn't be thinking of the tail as a big inefficient to meeting any of our goals at this moment in time. So it's not something that we're looking forward to in the future, i.e., it diminishing. It's simply not a big issue.
Robert Sands: Well, Vivien, a couple of years ago, we were in the midst of the greatest recession since the Great Depression. So things are quite different today. We've seen the consumer rebound from where they were in 2009, in 2008, in particular. Our industry was not as impacted as other industry, so the rebound has been quite so stark because we didn't see the consumer basically go away and then come back again. We just saw the consumer shift channels and shift a little bit into some lower-priced segments, even though trading up actually almost remain constant throughout the recession and into the current period. If we look at sort of prerecession, postrecession, I'd say the biggest change in consumer behavior is that the consumer is still looking for more of a bargain than they have historically. The consumers become very accustomed to looking for deals, buying on promotion. And that's a trend that I think we would expect to continue for some time until things like unemployment abate and the economy becomes a bit more stabilized. So in general, the consumer is back. The business is robust, a lot of trading up going on, but the business remains fairly competitive in terms of promotional activity. The consumer remains highly sensitive thereto.
Robert Sands: Most of our promotional activity is pretty lax and loaded for the holiday season. But we're also pretty confident that we put the dollars in the right place to drive depletion growth. And you can already see our depletion growth or consumer takeaway accelerating in IRI beginning with the beginning of September, so I think you'll continue to see that. We're basically in R&D, so it's pretty locked. But that's not an issue. We're there. This is the holidays.
Robert Sands: I'll let you hazard that guess, Tim. But it's obviously a very valuable asset. And as a standalone brand, yes, it probably does have a significant value, a disproportionate value to our market cap. There's no question about that.
Robert Sands: You do. It’s actually turned out to be a very good purchase. The brand has performed fantastically and continues to perform fantastically. We're the third largest import and pretty much tied for second, and growing faster than the #2 import, right, which is Gray Goose.
Robert Sands: It's not quite 4 million or 4.4 million now. The question is what's the run rate? And definitely has a run rate similar to that.
Robert Sands: And it continues to grow at double digits. So obviously, it will get to a 4.4 million case run rate as well. So we haven't seen a diminishment in the double digit sort of consumer takeaway growth rate. So we're pretty optimistic it's got a pretty good runway. And the beauty of SVEDKA is that most of its business is in the 80 proof, the non-flavored. So that bodes extremely well for the future and that it's not a flavor proliferation or trendy kind of thing with flavors coming into fashion and going out of fashion. The vast, vast majority of the business is, as I said, in the non-flavored 80 proof. And that means that it's a very, very stable business, and the growth in the business can be relied upon.
Robert Sands: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody for joining our call today. And as I mentioned, I'm very pleased with our second quarter results, and I'm confident that we'll continue to execute in order to achieve our goals for the year. And most importantly, I remain focused on growing our U.S. Wine & Spirits business in line with the category of growth. And we're excited about the initiatives, which we have put in place for the second half of the year in this regard. We have all hands on deck and we believe we are well positioned for market execution during the holiday selling season in particular. Our next quarterly call is scheduled after the New Year, so please be sure to enjoy some of our excellent products during the upcoming holiday season. And as Tim and I just discussed, don't forget to wear your fembot Halloween costume while sampling our newest flavor of SVEDKA Vodka. So thanks again for everybody's participation. And again, happy holidays to everyone.
