Bob Ryder: Sure, Nik. I will handle the first one and Rob can handle the China question. As far as how much capital was spent on the brewery in fiscal ‘14 that was just shy of $140 million and that pretty much all occurred in the fourth quarter.
Bob Ryder: Yes Nik. We are not updating our guidance in that area. We would be happy if it exceeds it, but we have still got quite a few of steps involved in negotiating our commodity contracts as a standalone company. Going forward, as you know, we have talked about – we haven’t settled anything on glass, which is a big piece of the cost, cost inputs for our business. So, we are very happy with the progress of the project, certainly the progress of the beer business, but we are not changing our margin guidance. What might be throwing people off a little bit is maybe in the fourth quarter, the beer business had increased margins and really what that is, is in the fourth quarter again I think volumes exceeded our expectations, but we spent accounting wise very little marketing in the fourth quarter. So, you had a pretty high level of sale certainly growth to the prior year with very little marketing expense against it. For the full year, the margin from the date of acquisition through the end of year was about 31%, which was a little bit higher than what we guided when the transaction just started, but very much in the ballpark. So, we are sticking to that mid 30% operating profit margin guidance.
Bob Ryder: Yes. And Bryan just to follow-up on Rob, we are currently assessing because volumes are doing so well. When do you expand capacity and where do you expand capacity, so related to that question if we were to put the next tranche of capacity expansion at the existing brewery, I think we would get some efficiencies from the $1 billion we are spending on the first 20 million hectoliters. If we decided to put the capacity somewhere else meaning you build another brewery or buy a brewery somewhere, then that wouldn’t help us so much. So we are currently in the thought process around that.
Bob Ryder: Yes, we are happy to see that even with that increased capital costs as I mentioned earlier because I know a lot of investors are keeping an eye on our de-leveraging and keeping an eye on when we potentially reallocate capital. So all those de-leveraging targets and free cash flow targets even though we have increased these capital spend they all remain intact. So frankly after you get past the brewery, right what that means and you guys know your math guys right is the EBIT higher, right. So that’s going to drive much better returns after you get past this stage where kind of the snake is eating a camel.
Bob Ryder: Yes, there was a price reset for what we pay InBev for the finished goods that they are making for us based on the audited EBITDA of the acquired business, but building the brewery out does not change any of that. Those numbers are still intact.
Bob Ryder: Yes, I mean, on pricing, we will – as we said before, beer is a very regional business. So, we look at what’s going on with volumes and what’s going on with competitors in our various different regions and we talk to distributors, we talk to retailers to try to assume what will happen to volumes, what will consumers’ reactions be to the price increase, and then we determine what that price increase will be on a regional basis, then it kind of rolls up. So, the only way you will know kind of what happens is to watch IRI, generally beer pricing occurs right after the peak summer season. So, September, October, you will be able to see what the big boys have done and what we have done and we take a guess generally what pricing would be when we give guidance. So that’s included in the volume and net sales guidance you would have seen in our beer segment.
Bob Ryder: Yes, there is a couple of things going on there, Caroline. We actually did have a very strong year in California. It’s our highest share state. It’s kind of where Corona began. I think we are around 20% share. But as Rob mentioned in his statements, right, they are experiencing a drought in California, so actually we experienced very good beer weather in California. And we also have like elsewhere in the country, very good consumer momentum from our great marketing and our great sales initiatives, but we did have pretty favorable weather for beer in California and we are very happy with our results out there in fiscal ‘14.
Bob Ryder: Yes, we had our strongest performance in fiscal ‘14 in the west and the south. We had strong performance, but not as strong in the Midwest and the East. Okay, it’s kind of how we broke out regionally, but we grew in every geography, we gained share in every geography, we grew in every channel, we gained share in every channel, but we did better in the west and the south.
Bob Ryder: Sure. It’s – yes, the answer is it’s one distributor and yes, we are anticipating that it will be a one quarter or first quarter phenomenon and as we mentioned it will have no impact on our bottom line, no impact on earnings whatsoever.
Bob Ryder: Yes, Caroline definitely sort of the 3%, 4% range is sort of a good number that’s sort of what the industry has been growing at. We are pretty optimistic about our wine business going into this year, our 2015 fiscal year as I have mentioned we got a lot of I am going to say tailwind this year. We have been focusing for the last few years on developing strong momentum behind our brands making sure our brands are healthy. And as we move into 2015, I think that our brands are healthier than they have ever been and that positions our self well to capitalize on that and take some actions to drive profit growth as I said. So I think that that business is going to be – it’s going to make a very good contribution to our bottom line growth this year.
Bob Ryder: Sure, I will handle the first. I will let Rob handle the second. The dividend we haven’t changed the way we are thinking about it is we would start assessing redeploying capital to shareholders when we get close to being below four times EBITDA leverage and that goal has not changed. It looks like that will happen if everything happens the way we think towards the end of fiscal ‘16 is when we will get below that leverage ratio. So we would start to talk to investors and our Board in inverse order of course around that time. I will let Rob handle the M&A question.
Bob Ryder: Yes. So in the beer business, we are investing commercially both sales and marketing, investing ahead of sales, because we want to keep our momentum up and because the sales and marketing guys have some good ideas that we think are worthy of investing in. So marketing and sales will be going up faster than sales. Marketing in the beer business is about 8%, 8.5% of sales which has gone up over the last three to five years.
Bob Ryder: Yes, number one, we didn’t say we haven’t or if we did say, we said it incorrectly. We have been working on glass and we have been working on other commodities. We are not at a stage yet where we are prepared to say exactly what our strategy is on glass. But it is something that we are working on. And yes we are working on the other commodities as well. And I would say the most we are prepared to say at the current time is I think that where we end up on commodities is going to be favorable.
Bob Ryder: Sure. We will have something to say. I am sure we will have something to say on commodities as we go out, go through the year. Yes.
Bob Ryder: Yes, so the cash tax rate for the year is kind of anomalous, so let me kind of walk you through. What we have said, we haven’t updated this guidance in a while, but we would expect a cash tax rate like the mid 20% on an ongoing basis. I would say that the beer structure will probably improve on that over the medium to long-term, and we will update you on that when things settle down. I would say that fiscal ‘14 and actually fiscal ‘15 as well are going to be pretty anomalous because of the big increase in the stock price and some option exercises from options that were expiring, etcetera or people that are just exercising some in the money, we get a tax deduction for that and that’s actually a reasonably big number, right. If you look at the cash flow statement, you can see the cash we brought in from option exercises. So that will bring the cash tax rate down, relatively dramatically while this situation goes on. We don’t expect it to last big time past fiscal ‘15. So I would call that not really an operating cash tax environment. It’s just that – the anomalous equity activity.
Bob Ryder: Yes. So the way we handle this and actually – and we told you this on previous calls, the peso-dollar rate was more favorable than we thought because actually the rate physically has gotten favorable from when we closed the deal. We do hedge transaction exposure to the peso. There isn’t actually as much peso exposure as you would think, because most of the commodities in the beer industry are dollar-based. So, really the core peso exposure is our onsite labor at the facility which still is a sizable number, but nowhere near what you would think. And we do have hedge contracts, we go out two or three years on those and we are actually relatively hedged for fiscal ‘15, right. So – and as I recall that I haven’t looked at it in a while, but I think the peso dollar is around 13, right. So, we monitor closely and lay on hedges when they get more favorable, but we are not expecting a ton of volatility there in fiscal ‘15.
Rob Sands: Sure. Hi, Nik. China, I think you really have to look at that as the long-term investment or I would say a long-term project. We are just really kind of getting up and running and developing our plans. It hasn’t been a material business there historically. So, the idea is developing it into a material business in that market, but it’s going to take a number of years. So, I wouldn’t expect it to have any real impact from a financial perspective in the short-term.
Rob Sands: So, yes, Bryan, I will answer that for you. Number one, the fundamental answer to your question is yes, we are designing the brewery in a manner to get more volume out of the capacity that we originally planned. So, we are expanding the brewery from 10 million to 20 million hectoliters in theoretical capacity that still remains the case, but in terms of the efficiency, i.e., how many cases will actually get out of that? We are expanding the brewery in a manner to get more cases out of that than we originally planned. That’s point number one. So, we are taking steps in that regard to plan for higher volumes than we originally anticipated. And then with respect to your second question, the capacity that we are currently building we do expect to be sufficient on four, I would say the mid-term meaning the next few years. But if the business continues to grow at the rate that it’s currently growing, we will have to be thinking about additional capacity increases sometime in the near future in the next couple of years and to begin that process so a good problem to have in essence.
Rob Sands: Yes, there is definitely a premium that we are paying to complete the project within the three year timeframe. There is no question about that. It’s pretty much half the timeframe in which the original brewery is built and it’s a pretty compressed timetable. And we have got to do everything in our power to ensure that the brewery is built in that timeframe, so.
Rob Sands: Yes, well six to nine months ago we had obviously just closed the deal. We have very short timeframe to actually decide and agree to purchase the brewery and purchase it, we put together at that time a very rough estimate of what we thought the cost would be and we spent the last basically nine months bidding out the project and translating it into definitive cost which have resulted in the number that we disclosed. So there was definitely changes in the scope of the project from what we also originally – what we originally thought. And it was along the lines that Bryan suggested in that, although we are building the same 20 million theoretical capacity, okay and we expect to get more out of it and scope the project to get more out of it than originally planned. So whereas you might only get 80% or 85% efficiency out of your theoretical capacity, we are building the brewery now to get more out of it than that. Really as the result of the increased growth in the products that we are experiencing and that we expect to continue into the next fiscal years. So that’s basically why or how the brewery project cost increased from our original estimates which were really in many respects just a swag, in that we – it had not been able at that stage and obviously so to bid the project and to scope it fully.
Rob Sands: Yes. So on M&A the answer is our position or our strategy has not changed relative to M&A. Our principle goal at the moment is debt pay down that’s really what we are focused on, but obviously M&A is opportunistic, so we keep our ear to the ground for investments that we think will generate superior returns to our shareholders. But generally the focus is debt pay down versus M&A.
Rob Sands: Well, as I have said, we are certainly focused on debt pay down at the current time, but as it relates to investments there is potentially good investments in all three categories. We look at it very fundamentally. I mean, we don’t have a favorite child necessarily. And so as opportunities arise we are going to look at investment opportunities in all three categories. And they will be evaluated on what generates the highest return in the shortest amount of time. That’s basically the bottom line right, IRR and payback. So we will see.
Rob Sands: Sure. Number one, this is the particular circumstances of one distributor who desired to do something really outside of the parameters of our normal business relationship. That’s the answer number one. Answer number two is no, we don’t have any expectation that it will occur in any other context or in any other cases. And number three since it’s outside of our normal contractual relationship we felt that a make whole kind of arrangement was most appropriate in this particular case. And more importantly, as far as what we invest in the marketplace behind our business, we determine that completely on a commercial basis meaning it’s not based on any payments that we might receive or might not receive. We will spend what we think is appropriate to drive the business in any event. So it just still happens that with the way this particular transaction is structured, we don’t expect it to have any impact on the bottom line. And it is a – it is an isolated matter with one wholesale customer. So we bring it really to your attention and only in that it will affect the top line. In the first quarter, we really expect the top line materially even for the whole year. And as you said, it will have no impact on the bottom line. So that’s really, that’s it.
Rob Sands: Yes, I would say, we have about a 15% total market share in the wine segment. As you know, it’s a pretty fragmented category compared to the other two categories in the beverage, alcohol business. Therefore, I am not even sure to talk of being a leader in this and that is even particularly relevant. We take a look at our products. We take a look at the competition. We take a look at the categories. We see what’s happening. And we decide what we are going to do. Over the last few years, there hasn’t been much pricing in the wine business period. We are seeing some opportunities for pricing as we move into our fiscal ‘15 and we are going to take those opportunities that we think that they are in the high end and the lower end. So that’s where we are going to focus in terms of that element of our strategy. So it’s really as simple as that. I don’t think leader or follower makes a lot of sense in terms of even the discussion in this particular context. But yes, we look around, we see what’s going in the marketplace and we make our judgments in that regard.
Rob Sands: No. I mean, we are really developing our plans and our strategies for taking the pricing in the areas that we are going to take it and they are not fully baked at this time. So it’s really kind of hard to discuss the absolute magnitude of it at this moment.
Rob Sands: So, yes, our assessment of the marketplace and so on and so forth is the fact that we do feel pretty well positioned given our previous investments and where we are relative to momentum in brand health that the timing is right and it’s no, it’s really not related to commodity, not related to commodity cost, although from a commodity cost perspective just kind of the opposite we have. We are not facing any particular headwinds this year in wine. So we are not expecting much inflation in cost of goods sold.
Rob Sands: Okay. Well, thanks for joining our call today. As Bob mentioned, the beer deal has been a real game-changer for us and the team plans to capitalize on the tremendous momentum that we have underway to continue to drive the growth, enhance financial performance of the business. As Bob said, we now expect the beer business to exceed our original expectations from a return on invested capital point of view. And I believe that our plans for fiscal 2015 prove that we have not wavered from our overarching strategic goal of generating profitable organic growth across all of our businesses, including our wine and spirits businesses. We have recently posted two videos on our website that provides nice views of the Nava brewery. I encourage you to take a look when you have a few moments. Thank you everybody for your participation today.
