Thomas DeRosa: Thanks Jeff. Our strong results this quarter were driven by excellent operating results across all of our business segments. From an earnings perspective, funds from operations per share was up 6% and funds available for distribution was up 9%. The Scotts will take you through a deeper dive on what is driving our performance. But first, let me give you the high points. Overall same-store NOI for all of Welltower was up 3.3% versus last year, this is largely being driven by the performance of our senior housing business. The senior housing operating portfolio registered 4% same-store NOI growth versus a year. Despites the industry confirms about new supply and vague expense growth the Welltower family of operators were able to pass along on average, 4% rate increase, while increasing occupancy by 100 basis points. These results can only be realized by from owning A quality real-estate in A quality markets, that is the Welltower story. A key differentiator for Welltower is that 90% of our revenue is from private pay sources. You should expect to see our private pay percentage increase through this year. However, we also had a strong history of managing the credit exposure to government reimbursement for our shareholders, so regarding our Genesis assets, we believe Genesis is continuing to strengthen its business platform and financial position. I can only speak to our Genesis portfolio and I can tell you that the operating performance of our portfolio improved during the quarter. We are pleased to see a strong final Medicare rate increase, the DOJ settlement that was announced by Genesis yesterday and both Welltower and Genesis shareholders should be pleased to have some clarity around there capital structure. This goes a long way towards adding some ballets to the Genesis story and we believe position for Genesis management team to focus their time and energy on the future of their business. Speaking of the future, we are pleased to announce the $1.15 billion Vintage acquisition this morning. This is an ideal strategic acquisition for us. It allows us to go deeper into two important core markets, significantly solidifying our number one market share in Los Angelis, gaining the number one position in San Francisco and which by the way adds to our already number one market position in New York, Boston and Seattle, fives of the Section-56 corner markets in the United States. The Vintage portfolio will be mange by Sunrise, Silverado and SRG. Three of our operators with a strong position in these markets. The Vintage scene has built a great business with some irreplaceable assets. We expect rebranding and connecting these assets to the brooder Welltower senior care network will enhance their value and capture significant upside our shareholders. I do hope you reviewed the Vintage portfolio side presentation available on our website. Our strategy of building scale in A quality real estate in the leading core markets in the U.S., UK and Canada is driving the excellent results, we are reporting today. Our ability to bolt-on a large acquisition like Vintage underscores the dominance of the Welltower franchise and enhances our ability to continue to drive best in class operating results and growth for our shareholders. Now Scott Brinker will give you a closer look at our operating performance.
Thomas DeRosa: Thanks Scott. Before we take your questions, I wanted to highlight a few promotions that were approved by our Board and announced last week. Many of you know Mercedes Kerr as she is an important leader in the senior housing industry. I’m delighted to tell you that Mercedes was named an Executive Vice President and a member of the Well Power Management Committee. Mercedes oversees business development and relationship management activities and has relocated to the Mothership here in Toledo. Additionally, Matt McQueen, Senior Vice President of Legal was named General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. I am grateful for their contribution to our success and they have further strength to an already deep senior management bench here. Now, Kaila open up the line for questions please.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes Michael I will be happy to. The held-for-sale bucket include $68 million in Genesis properties that are already under contract and that should closed in the next 60 days or so. Those are unique and that Genesis is actually existing the operations as well, so we are selling the real estate they exit in operations. And I would say that unusual or unique, because for the most part, we own core Genesis assets that they want to stay in as the operator. So would be selling our real estate and Genesis would remain as the operating partners. So I think that’s less complex transaction and trying to sell the real estate and the operations together. In terms of interest level it’s strong and it’s from number of different sources, private equity for sure, overseas capital for sure. And we are actually starting to see that private and public REITS show interest again, which we were not have been the case in the past three to six month as the stock prices have come back and the capital rates has improved. So there is actually a pretty deep buyer pool and the lenders continued to be interested in the space as well provided the payment coverage’s reasonable. But I would highlight something that Scott said earlier Mike is that based on the Genesis announcement yesterday I think there is even greater interest in owning these assets. Because there were a number of issues that were providing a little bit of a smoke screen in terms of really understanding the true value of the real estate and the future of the Genesis operating platform. I think the lot of that has been taken care of by the measures that we have already talked about.
Thomas DeRosa: Mike, we have always been both buyers and sellers of real estate and we are opportunistic and strategic in both those regards and we again are evaluating opportunities to sell across our portfolio as they come in. I think we are comfortable with what we own today, and felling better about it today then we might have felt a few days ago. So again, just we ask you to stand by and assume that we are seeing a lot of interest and we’ll make the best decision with respect to our shareholders.
Thomas DeRosa: And Kevin we don't know of another opportunity to be able to create the level of scale in the Los Angeles and San Francisco markets that this acquisition will give to us. So we think it's very a highly strategic move for us to be able to acquire Vintage, we are very excited about it. The Vintage Group, Vintage Senior Living really assembled at excellent portfolio of assets in some extremely high barrier to entry locations that's what we are all about. So this as Scott said down in the middle of the fairway this is exactly the type of growth opportunity that we seek out.
Thomas DeRosa: I guess Kevin, the world of healthcare reimbursement is moving towards underlying and it’s hard to answer, you question incrementally, because there is so many unknowns. Genesis is very much preparing for world that looks different than today in terms of reimbursement and I would say as the lowest cost setting with that can deliver the best outcome will be the winner.
Thomas DeRosa: One that answer what I can, Genesis who have their call on Friday, I think they are disclosing particular governance but the point is when these covenants were set three and four years ago, it was a different business environment and they were set in a level that give it cushion to the projected performance and that’s the same thing that we've done here. The idea behind covenants is to give you self to see at the table, when things are turning in the wrong direction so that and you can sit down and have a rational discussion by how to proceed and that’s what happened here among Genesis and it’s various capital partners. So we agreed to reset the convenient to levels that certainly have all of us being paid and as they disclosed the caution in the 20% to 25% range against the EBITDA projection that they recently provided that’s based on today’s operating environment.
Thomas DeRosa: So I don’t think it’s appropriate to talk about specific numbers Juan, but there is the fixed charge coverage, there is an interest coverage, there is a leverage convenient, liquidity, networks, I mean there are number of covenants that hit all the key factors on our corporate credit. And for us there is a master lease payment coverage as well.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes Juan One on the payment coverage, we are talking about, because we always report on a trailing 12 month basis but also on a one quarter lag, so the number that you see in our reports is, it can be a bit miss leading. So when I talked about the second quarter being strong I’m talking literally about the three months from April 1 to June 30 and that the performance in those 90 days was a nice improvement over the prior two quarters which is encouraging to us. In terms of the payment coverage the lenders are looking for and the same is true of the buyer pool and it tends to be in the 1.3 times coverage range. So, our coverage today is close to 1.25 so we are slightly below but not in any material way, which gives us additional comfort that these are very saleable assets particularly now that the Genesis corporate profile is a lot less uncertain than it was a week ago.
Thomas DeRosa: So regards with who the lender as one looks at one capital sac, you want to payoff to the highest cost that you can. So I would say that given that Scott said this is market terms of this kind of paper, it’s always going to be the type of paper that management what is to get rid of as soon as possible so.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes Nick the occupancy today is in the 84% to 85% range to bit lower in Southern California, then it is in Northern California and it’s going to take a couple of years. This isn’t unlike redevelopment opportunity and we think given the locations in this scale the 6.5% to 7% stabilized yield is more than adequate return for this type of opportunity and then in longer-term. We think it’s fits right into the profile of inflation plus outperformance. So this is not a [indiscernible] investment for us, this is continuing to built on a really important footprint in great market.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes Vik, there is always a usual, it’s one reason that we try not to focus too much on 90 days increments of time, well that’s a plus or a minus with this many properties, there is always something that usually going on but. We don’t really move those in or out, the pool is the pool, if there are any adjustments that are particularly unusual, we tell you exactly what we did in the supplemental. So the numbers are always going be a little bit was also, let’s say triple that lease. The compensation for sure is escalated this year, particularly in the UK, in the US, we talked about that at length. It’s in our projections for the year and those expectations are being meet. I don’t know it’s good or bad, but we actually predicted the cost would be up quite a bit with respect to labor. The fact is we are in core markets that are at the leading edge of the change and the minimum wage like San Francisco and New York and Los Angeles. And the benefit is we have the pricing power to offset that. So we can’t view these things in isolation and our performance to-date is showing that the revenue growth has been enough to offset the cost growth and still deliver really good performance.
Thomas DeRosa: Vik there aren’t many opportunities of this scale sort of most of what you’ll see from Welltower in terms of investments in everyday portfolio will be select acquisitions that are in core markets and new development and virtually every one of our 10 U.S. RIDEA partners is actively doing new development between two and five properties a year. sometimes they do it alongside of us sometimes we have an option to buy when it opens or when it stabilizes. So you are much more likely to see us to one at a time, two at a time acquisition and development to grow that portfolio going forward. But there always a handful of portfolios that are interesting to us or that may be aggregated overtime. But there is nothing else out there like this Vintage portfolio in terms of its scale in core markets.
Thomas DeRosa: I think so Vik. When I started doing this 14-years ago the typical coverage for seniors housing was in the 1.25 or higher range and to us that was a structure that made sense for the landlord and the tenant and this has become more competitive the coverage ratio have declined and declined and 1.1 today is sort of the market. And for years operators are going to enter into leases at those coverages. Frankly we were not doing many if any acquisitions at those coverages. We have been saying for years now that to us the distinction of risk in focusing on triple-net versus RIDEA was really not the way we think about risk. And we would always prefer to own a Class A asset in class A market and deal with the quarter-to-quarter variation in results and that’s exactly why you’ve seen us concentrate our investments were you have for the past six years. We have various yield triple-net investments, when we do it tends to be a new development, were there is an opportunity and enough profit, in the development for there to be strong opinion coverage or a turn on opportunity. We are just, we don’t like the thought of doing big acquisitions to near one coverage. It looks straight on the press release because you got great structural protection here so got structural protection, but we seen already that there is don’t always out as plan and, if the deal doesn’t work for both parties, it eventually doesn’t work for either party. And I think you have seen that and to us to market coverage’s ratio is today are not appropriate and there is not enough for the balance between risk and rewards for the tenants.
Thomas DeRosa: You said differently the way I think about it Chad you really do have the opportunity for four to five years for mid to high-single-digit NOI growth for the year after spending those additional dollars.
Thomas DeRosa: I would even remind everybody, I think it’s important, where everyone is still focused on Genesis, we actually and even today we just announced an incremental progress on disposing a skilled nursing assets. So within our 1.3 billion of projected disposition proceeds about 60% or so of that is skilled nursing and pro forma for what we have announced through today, we are already at 90% private pay. So Genesis is just a little bit of part of those numbers currently, but we are actually seeing those reasonable prices, we have 760 some million of potential proceeds, some asset held-for-sale in that low 9s kind of cap rate. And that’s kind of, I think a good example of how we are continuing to improve the quality of the portfolio.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes, I think that you just answered the part of the question. Yes I think it is too soon to tell, I think we have seen a very different view of the impact of the Brexit over the couple weeks. The thing you have to understand as 99% of the population in our building are UK residence. So they are not leaving the UK, because of Brexit. The UK is not going to be building new assisted leaving assets for its population. More and more of the UK residence will have to turn to a private pay alternatives to local authority funded elder care. And the bulk of our assets are in the London Metro Politian area, which I don’t think you bet against London long-term. I think London has had a 30-year head start on building an irreplaceable infrastructure, an economic machine that will prevail regards what of what happens here. So I don’t think we are losing sleep over it. I think there are some challenges, you have heard us talk about on the wage side in the UK, but we continue to manage through that again for the same reasons why we are managing through that in the U.S. I said we have the best located real estate with the best operators and people want to live in this portfolio. So at the same time, we are watching what is happening in the UK and Europe very closely. But at the end I would tell you that we have assembled a really great portfolio of assets there.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes, it’s more because among the assets that are being sold are in-patient rehab hospitals that have particularly high values in extremely high payment coverages. So that’s what is driving it and it’s not a huge portfolio at the end of the day. So if you sell a $60 million, $70 million property that has three times payment coverage unfortunately impacts the portfolio about two or three basis points and that’s what happens.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes, it’s more driven by revenue in this case one property 13 taxes have a impact immediately, the minimum wage is an issue in a lot of these markets so we have budgeted for that and our operating partners expect to increase of the service level and not decrease it. So it’s not like we are assuming big expense cuts, it’s really just the opposite here.
Thomas DeRosa: Well Mike, we like what we own across the portfolio, but that’s how it’s changing. What today is the good market may not be a great market in the future, so expect that we are always looking for opportunities to recycle capital and constantly improve the quality of the portfolio. I would say that we are laser focused on building scale in the top markets in the country. You know Scott mentioned that the six of the sexy six is DC where we are number two, but expect that we are very focused on building scale in DC. And a number of our operators have development properties being the constructed in the greater DC market that’s an important market for us. But you have heard us say this before, we are looking to go deep in the top core market in the three country, in which we operate and get as close to the centre of the core as possible, which is not typically where you found senior housing assets. So that speaks to what we are doing in New York city, which we talked about on our last call. And it speaks to some of the things; we are doing in market quite Toronto very much in the centre of the urban market there. You will see on assets, we are either own today or developing in Los Angelis. So it’s very much our strategy, expect you are going to continue to us to follow that strategy and the other piece of this, which you will be hearing more about in the future is, how we are connecting what we do to the major health systems in those core markets.
Thomas DeRosa: And we are in a good place from a cash position Todd, with almost a billion of pending dispositions and $467 million of cash on balance sheet currently.
Thomas DeRosa: That’s mostly correct Rich, there may be handful of properties 10 plus or minus they would prefer not to be in. So there are some states like Ohio and Kentucky where they have got a very small footprint and prefer to exit. We are the landlord on those and we would be happy to participate in a complete exit from those properties otherwise, yes, they will remain the operator.
Thomas DeRosa: No, it’s lower than that, but what Scott gave is the blended yield for the entire held-for-sale bucket is in the low nines.
Thomas DeRosa: I haven’t seen it that much from when we bought it. I mean I guess the point is the cap rates and the payment coverages haven’t really changed over the years. So we can talk about it when we actually announce something Rich, but I think it’s fair to say that when you compare the cap rates hit the property level when we entered portfolio six years ago to what we think we can exit at, they are awfully similar. So I’m not sure what is happening elsewhere whether it’s in the [indiscernible] or inside Genesis, but our properties I think are quite valuable and we are seeing a lot of interest from buyers.
Thomas DeRosa: Well, today we announced another fantastic quarter and we spent 90% of the call talking about Genesis.
Scott Estes: Michael it’s more the latter, there are couple of properties that would benefit from some CapEx and redevelopment but that’s not the reason for the gap between the first year yield and the stabilized yield. That’s more of that we are going to pretty dramatically change the service profile at the communities. I think the service level of the price point is going to change pretty dramatically and you chosen three operating partners to do that with who have extremely deep experience in these markets. So we have underwritten occupancy rates and expense assumptions, they are very much based on their historical experience in these markets. And any time you do an operator transition you have to assume that there is going to be a decline in your line, especially if you are increasing the service mix. It's just the way it works is the expenses go up first and it takes time to be able to increase occupancy and rate to match the service level that you implement day one. And no doubt you have staffing changes as well as turnover within the resident population. So the year one is always a bit depressed.
Scott Estes: Kevin the only much we can say about something like that, I would say that patience is a virtue sometimes and the timing here was particularly well for us given cost of our capital today and may be versus in the past and our disposition proceeds that are pending. So we felt like this is always been a portfolio that we had our eye on. We always had operating partners that we thought could do a great job creating value and at time it came together perfectly.
Scott Estes: We think there is opportunity to bring it up to the industry average. Our occupancy in these markets is in their low 90s SRG, Sunrise, Silverado consistently run at that level and it will take a little time to get there. But we are confident that overtime these properties will be at that 90-ish percent level and that's why we one of the reasons why we see the yield in this investment improving overtime.
Scott Estes: I think that’s what is exciting about this acquisition is that while Genesis has been doing a good job. We think that the scale being that we already have in those markets and the operational efficiencies that being part of the Welltower, Umbrella bring to any asset in our portfolio, was the very reason why you see our performance leading the industry. It’s not magic, it’s hard work and believe, we bring tremendous synergies with the other pieces of our portfolio to the with this portfolio and we think that will benefit our shareholders over time.
Scott Estes: Yes, I think just look at the occupancy the fact that our occupancy increased across the portfolio a 100 basis points as we are pushing rate growth that is not what you see across the industry. It is what we are able to do because of what we own, how our operators manage and the benefits that the Welltower platform gives to the portfolio. That’s why we get those results.
Scott Estes: You have seen often the operators is getting frustrated, when once at the profitability is going into the ramp and we find that it’s much more constructive to have the RIDEA structure where you are both incentivize to try the NOI share in the CapEx and you want to drive the performance as supposed to try and find some means that starching out profitability when it’s right around one, one to one.
Scott Estes: Hey Chad it’s Scott. Occupancy today is in the low to mid 80s and our portfolio in this market - pardon me.
Scott Estes: Yes, that’s right Chad in the low 90s which is where we are today in these markets with our operating partners.
Scott Estes: Yes in terms of the percentage stabilized versus unsterilized, I would probably think about it a little bit differently. There are properties that we think have the opportunity to grow senses pretty materially. And almost across the board we feel like there are opportunities to change the service mix, the service level, and change the value proposition pretty dramatically for the residence. So that’s in addition to the occupancy upside it’s really on the rate and service level that we see the portfolio changing the most over the years, but that will take some time. And it is a drag in the earlier years because you’ve got to put the new service platform in place before you can charge for it. All right, people need to see it before they will pay for it and it takes time turn over the population. So this is a long-term investment for us, the 5% cap rate is accretive day one, but the fact is where cost of capital is today it’s probably is accretive 5% this is very much a long-term play for us.
Scott Estes: I don’t recall anybody saying that Sniffs were an area that we wanted to invest in. We said that we are comfortable managing our Sniff portfolio that’s operated by Genesis, but I don’t think you have heard us…
Scott Estes: I would just say Chad that the skilled nursing environment is still one that is attracting in investments dollar, it’s just as we think about the direction of our company, it’s probably does not in Welltowers portfolio. So that is the population that uses those properties, it’s going to double in size over 20-years and the supply of properties is declining. So when you think about the longer-term rather than the next three quarters or the three months. I think the supply demand dynamics are still quite favorable for that business despite the headwinds that exist. And in a world with yield that are pushing zero percent in most developed economies. You can still price skilled nursing in the high-single-digits unlevered, and get attractive financing. And it generates an awfully attractive return on equity immediately and the payment coverage is unlike seniors housing, were they are awfully low with 1.3 times coverage, it’s a pretty stable yield, particularly if you own good real-estate with two good operator. So look it is actually still is a good investment. It’s just not for us.
Scott Estes: First quarter I think it 3.8% blended to 3.3%, averages to about 3.5% and I think in short we like to keep a little bit of conservatism in there and are attracting toward the higher end of the range. So really the only variable is again around the operating portfolio, but we feel like it’s doing pretty well. So we are hopeful we would again be able to come in toward the high end of that range at this point or may be in a little better.
Scott Estes: The one thing I would add - Mike its Scott Estes. I think it’s important that, because what Tom just said, we have here at visits, investing methodology and I think we see less variability between the portfolio, I think we start talking about the six core markets that’s used is generally in industry. But, I remember when Scott Brinker had some color during the first quarter think about our same-store RIDEA NOI growth was 5%, 5.5%. The best markets were 7%, 8%, the low were 2% or 3% all positive. And around the 4% this quarter, we don’t see why variability and no big negatives or anything, we don’t dislike any market. I think it’s important that we feel a pretty about the market we are in.
Scott Estes: Yes Mike it starts at $1.15 billion and there is some capital that needs to be put into a couple of buildings in particular, but that’s accounted for when we talk about a stabilized yield in the 6.5% to 7% range.
Scott Estes: Yes Andrew this is Scott speaking. We have commented in the past and we’ll do it again. Our properties have performed quite well over the past four years there is a 3.5% lease escalator in our master lease that’s a high bar for Genesis to climb over every year now next year that goes to 3% so a bit of relief from their standpoint. But our coverage is other than in 2011 when Medicare cut reimbursement substantially have been very consistent over the past four years. And we think…
Scott Estes: They have huge geographic scale in these markets so we are concentrated in New England in the Mid Atlantic they have been there for decades they have their referral networks the brand, the staffing and it’s good real estate. So I don’t know as much about the Sun portfolio or the skilled health portfolio we don’t own those assets. We do own their core legacy assets and they have held in quite well, which is why keep saying we are confident that there will be interest for our real estate. And the issue was clearing up the corporate credit situation, because they have done three or four big acquisitions in the past three years that on hindsight may be not all the assets were perfect and they did use a lot of debt to finance them. So the corporate credit isn’t as strong as it could be despite strong performance in our real estate.
Scott Estes: So There may be some confusion, we are using the RIDEA structure, so this is just management contracts there is no lease or payment coverage in place.
Scott Estes: It was owned by a different operator and a different owner. Sorry I’m not sure even how they deal with structure...
Scott Estes: There is real small amount of that we have seen that like $35 million in the low force, with a eight year maturity, so there was its cash.
Scott Estes: I have that, John now are you doing? Its Scott Estes. I would say it is about half skilled nursing and then the other 25% is about evenly split between 11 medical office buildings are in that pool and some triple-net seniors housing. Probably it will happen more heavily into the third quarter as well. I didn’t comment too much on that, but again our guidance was flat. You have $300 million of incremental disposition largely in the third quarter, about evenly offset by the benefits of the vintage acquisition that’s probably more towards the later part of the year, end of the fourth quarter, plus some better operating performance kind of netted each other.
Scott Estes: Most of the buildings are in the 10 to 15-year range, there are couple of other buildings that have been completely redeveloped and renovated including one in San Francisco that technically is 100 years old, but if you walked in it [indiscernible] so. It’s sort of material those off the average, but most of them were built in sort of the late 1990s early 2000s.
Scott Estes: Oh sorry, I thought I covered that. There is excess land at particular campuses, but that’s not part of our expectation right now, we want to focus on maximizing the value of the existing buildings.
Scott Estes: We don’t think it elevates the risk profile, because we have very seasoned operators and an infrastructure to manage RIDEA assets that’s unparallel and we feel much more comfortable in our ability to manage our RIDEA assets than we might with certain triple-net just by the nature of how the ownership is structured. We think that not that we would say that triple-net is necessarily riskier, but we think we know how to manage risk and enhance value through a RIDEA structure better than anybody.
Scott Brinker: Hey Nick its Scott. It’s interesting that where we thought about the term loan is that it’s not a core business, so 98% plus or minus of what we do is high quality real estate. So you are not going to see us do things like this so often on occasion to accomplish a longer-term bigger goal we will extend a loan and we have a good history of having those loans repaid. And in this situation we can’t speak for Omega, but for Welltower we told George and his team to go out and talk to the marketplace see what a third party was willing to lend and we would be going to match it and that’s what we did. Because this is an important security and the Genesis capital structure and we prefer to control it rather than have a hostile third-party be in that position holding the parts even though they have 1% or less of the capital at risk. So the situation existed a week ago to us was untenable and was not allowing us to accomplish important goals and was distracting Genesis, but we did not do a below market loan, we didn’t do an above market loan this is a market rate clearly it’s not a AAA credit. So we are being paid for the risk that we are taking.
Scott Brinker: Yes now that the great point and I think the other thing that is, just understand that we have built and infrastructure here over the last five-year that really allows us to maximize the performance along with the operator of the RIDEA assets. So I think that’s a key point that you have to consider, going forward. There will be a rare occasion that we will, you will see as acquire seniors housing assets in a triple-net lease structure. You might expect to see some of the triple-net lease assets we own moved to our idea structure, if that’s the possibility in the future I think , we think it’s better for us, we think it’s better for the operator, we think it’s better for our shareholders.
Scott Brinker: Tayo, it’s Scott speaking. There are a long list of projects that we are working on. With Genesis some of them disclosed, some haven’t, and it’s fair to say that the term loan is well as to covenant really were part of a much broader discussion. So we are not prepared to talk about this specific pluses and minuses. I would just ask, you to have patients, give us time, we are clearly focused on the situation and there is a much bigger picture that we are focused on than covenant release and a term loan.
Scott Brinker: Well I can’t speak for the details of what Genesis and Sabra agreed to. I can tell you that all 180 plus reminders of our properties are in one mass release that matures in 2032. So the maturity date is not something we are not worried about.
Scott Brinker: Well we will only invest in real estate that’s in core markets, that’s part of our strategy and I don’t think you’ve heard us say that we want to invest in life science related buildings. We told you when we did the deal with Four City in Cambridge that was an opportunistic investments and it was an opportunistic sales. I don’t think you’ve heard us say that we had any interest in getting into the life sciences real estate business.
Scott Brinker: Yes when we talk about performance, we talk about the entire portfolio, we are not bifurcating our portfolio. We generally like the markets we are in, we are skewed to the core markets. It’s not a 100% of what we own, but we have edited the portfolio, over many year and that’s why our performance is better. Because we don’t have a lot of weak links in our portfolio, that is one of the key differentiators of the Welltower business mode. Again, it’s not magic, that our same-store numbers are what they are, it’s because we have better assets and much fewer lower quality assets
Scott Brinker: We are just looking at from how we underwrite it and we are happy to help walk you through that offline if you would like.
