George L. Chapman: Thanks very much, Scott. During the past several years, we have built a world-class organization and portfolio designed to deliver strong earnings growth and long-term value to our shareholders. It's clear that health care delivery will continue its rapid pace of change, and we believe that Health Care REIT is best positioned to capture the many opportunities presented by that change, and we look forward to continuing success and delivering substantial value to our shareholders. And with that, operator, we're -- we'll open for questions.
George L. Chapman: Well, in the case of Belmont, they were already managing -- operating those facilities, and we're doing very, very well with them. But James, I think you're asking a very good question. One of the things that I want to do and all of our team wants to do in the next 2 or 3 years is to help put the right people, systems in place for all of these operators so that they -- so that, in fact, they have a scalable infrastructure, and all of them are working very hard with us to do that. And one of the real points of emphasis in our best practices sessions, which are held 3x a year, is to talk about what we all need to do to make senior housing even stronger in the next 2 or 3 years, take it from really good to great, because it's already being acknowledged as a critical part of the property sector. So I think that Patricia and her team are just doing a great job out there. But again, we want to have a major influence on all of our operators in trying to help them be even better. But lots of progress is being made.
George L. Chapman: We don't think that there are significant additional litigation risks at all. The person -- or the company that is actually operating the facility is the manager, and we are just given an opportunity to benefit from some of the operating results through a taxable REIT subsidiary. I don't know, Scott Brinker, if you want to comment on that further, but we don't see -- we think the returns more than outweigh any minimal additional risk, Rich.
George L. Chapman: Rich, let me just comment on that. Because every now and then, all of us in the health care REIT sector get sued if something happens to a resident and usually we spend a month or 2 or maybe as long as a year just getting dismissed from the case. So I wouldn't unduly focus on that.
George L. Chapman: Well, Rich, we have grown earnings. We haven't grown earnings as much as we would have if we wouldn't have had to fund absolutely terrific investments. I think we've been trying to lead you to the point where gradually we're going to be at a steady-state where we'll do $2 billion a year from our existing operators, and therefore, the capital raising will have less impact on the movement up of our earnings, okay? But we have been very surprised and very appreciative, by the way, of the opportunity to take some of the best portfolios in senior housing off the table and put them into our camp, when it was quite a competition for Sunrise. And we've done well there. We'll continue to do well there. But it's pretty clear to us that we are moving in the direction of a more steady-state of investing, but as long as great opportunities come up and we can really create value for our shareholders, we'll probably take advantage of it. I mean, there are just many fewer, Rich.
George L. Chapman: Well, I think that the fact that we have added other operators like Belmont and Sunrise and others over the last 2 to 3 years, there's a chance that, in certain years, we might get more opportunities on the $1.5 billion to $2 billion. We have done a lot of thinking about it, but I still think that I'd keep it in that range for now.
George L. Chapman: There's a chance it's low, but actually, these have -- we talked about $1.5 billion to $2 billion of investments on a steady-state more from an ongoing stream of opportunities from existing operators. So we did 94% of our investments in the fourth quarter with our existing operators. So that's how -- what we think of as our strength. Now whether in the next 2 or 3 years, when we've seen folks essentially take advantage of a liquidity event, whether or not that drives a higher level of growth during the next couple, 3 years, I think that's a possibility.
George L. Chapman: $500 million. So I think we'll always do some, just because we don't want to spend a lot of time and incur an opportunity cost for operators that aren't performing that well. But I think it's definitely starting to ebb a bit.
George L. Chapman: Just to add one other piece of the color, I guess, every now and then, especially on the reimbursement arena, for example in the SNF area, you'll find a state that gets really tough on reimbursement, so you can never tell when that might occur, and at that point, we probably allow one of our SNF operators to take some of its facilities to HUD or reduce the cost just to make it work better within our reimbursement system. So there are always those issues that all of our asset managers have to look at when they come back to management to make a recommendation for a disposition strategy in a particular year.
George L. Chapman: I think you did mention too that you're going to reset -- we're going to reset rate after 3 years to look at the market with suitable coverages, too, so we see substantial upside here, Jeff.
George L. Chapman: We always have thought that doing a certain amount of development, both in senior housing with the demographics becoming even more compelling makes a lot of sense for existing operators within the context of a master lease. And then two, for MOBs, given the relatively small size and the fact that many of the older MOBs do not have outpatient surgery centers, et cetera, and haven't really been as well positioned vis-à-vis complementary services from that, we think there's a very strong reason, rationale, for doing some development, but except for a period back when we were the leader in assisted living years ago. And then when the capital markets crashed, okay, and we have, if any, certain development, I think we've always been within a very reasonable range of development and we're not going to go above, what, 3% or 4% or so going forward, but there's sure a need for it, Jeff. So we're not concerned about it, especially when we're dealing with existing operators who are already covering very well within the master lease.
George L. Chapman: And I think, Scott, just to add a little color that being able to convert certain floors of that from IL to AL will give a more certainty to our fill up as well. So we're feeling pretty good about that.
George L. Chapman: We think there is an opportunity to do that and we think their model is very good. We're pleased to see Andy become the CEO and we think they're a great -- entity. We'd really welcomed the opportunity to do more business with them.
George L. Chapman: Genesis. What we're are doing with -- excuse me for 1 minute, the Genesis deal is a different story. What we like to do with George and Chuck and people who have been very active in that is that we are encouraging them to refinance some of their older Medicaid facilities and put our money into the new post-acute facilities connected with or close to some of the hospitals for more of the post-acute provision.
George L. Chapman: We've continued to look. We have not had much luck in finding other additional investments in Life Sciences that gives us the type of returns we think we need, but we're very, very pleased still with Cambridge.
George L. Chapman: We're mainly focused on modern, larger MOBs and if it's a development with at least 75%, 80% preleased with great systems and especially senior housing, both triple that and RIDEA with the best operators in the country in the best markets. That's our focus.
George L. Chapman: Well, Rich, right now, we tend to think of it compared to a triple net in the senior housing area, and usually, we're talking 100 to 150 basis point increase and unlike some of my colleagues in the health care REIT field, all of us really look at the operator first and try to determine if we can do either a triple net or RIDEA structure with a great operator, and a great market and a very good facility. Ultimately, I suppose, as we begin to get some of the credit, vis-à-vis a better multiple compared to a multifamily, we'll get back and talk about it later.
Scott A. Estes: James, I think there would be no veering from our traditional strategy, which would be to use the line of credit. To some extent, part of the reason to have a larger line in place is to have a little bit higher utilization and also, provide us some additional flexibility. So I feel good about that, combined with the level of dispositions this year also being a potential source of capital for us. But again, I would presume that, as you do your model, once you got up to $1 billion level or so, you could put permanent capital in place, and it's up to you to -- how you want to model getting to 40%. That's undepreciated book over time, but debt and equity will be on the table.
Scott A. Estes: We've also articulated the Sunrise assets that we're actually spending probably, closer to what, Scott? $2,000 per unit on -- we've talked about that, so we can work on the math.
Scott A. Estes: I would think as we would have the opportunity to add investments, we would hope that they would be accretive, although usually, if you model financing and relatively similar timing, it's marginally accretive to that level. But I would hope they would be accretive. Sure.
Scott A. Estes: You're breaking up a little bit. George, he was asking is the $1.5 billion, $2 billion investment is changing given our larger size now as we think about investment opportunities.
Scott A. Estes: Yes. I think that's right. I would just add that we feel, as you said, George, very good about where the skilled nursing portfolio is. About half of the disposition is scheduled in 2013, our skilled nursing assets. So upon completion of that, we should really have only about a $3 billion portfolio that Genesis represents about $2.6 billion of it and another handful of 3 or 4 other operators, so really 4, 5 core operators, and I think we mentioned on a previous call that are all projected to cover rent in excess of 1.2x. And as you mentioned on the medical office building side, George, the portfolio is doing very well with aggregate occupancy at 94.4% and now 93% of the building is affiliated with health systems and average square footage increasing to over 60,000 square feet. So even some of the recent MOB's dispositions have actually been fairly high occupancy buildings, so they're much more strategic in nature. So I think we've done really well in that front too.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, it's not that big. This is Scott Brinker again. Our growth in the fourth quarter was just under 9% and the growth in this stabilized portfolio is just under 8%. So most of what you're seeing is still the stabilized portfolio.
Scott A. Estes: And I'll point out, Jeff, too, that our policy on not breaking ground under medical office building developments until we're at least 75% preleased, and note the ones we have under construction currently are 89% on average preleased, so it's clearly an appropriate risk-adjusted return. And I think we pretty consistently would say we get -- we get, say, 150 basis points higher returns on a relative development opportunity versus an acquisition.
Scott A. Estes: I'd say it's an intermediate term goal. I mean, Mike, we're always looking at the capital market opportunity and balancing that with our investment opportunities, and like I said, it's nice that we have, I think, all the tools in place, and fortunately, we've had access to the different components of the capital market, even including the drip in ACM option as well. So the honest answer is, I would say it's over a period of years, generally, but there's no immediate need. As long as we're within a relative range, we'll look to be opportunistic as we think about capital raises.
Scott A. Estes: My guess to gut [ph] is that that's a little bit higher than normal. As a reminder for everyone's benefit, we were actually projecting about $700 million of dispositions last year and we ended up, I think, at $534 million, so actually, there is some, call it spillover effect, of a few of those dispositions are happening in 2013. So you're probably moving to, call it a more normalized rate. We'll always look at some level of access, but it should be lower other than, it's always the decision to look at anything opportunistically, but I would think lower than that as a general run rate.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, that building is actually just starting to gain some nice momentum. If you look at it, the assisted living Alzheimer's and skilled nursing components are all essentially 90-plus percent full, but they are a fairly small piece of the aggregate building. And then the independent living had been filling about 7 net units per month last year. So occupancy is actually on the cusp of adding some meaningful growth, we hope. They're about 40% full now. So making the transition, albeit painful, from just a short-term earnings guidance, we really do have some nice upside there that we should hopefully capture a lot of the 2013 earnings impact if that building fills over the next couple of years.
Scott A. Estes: Tayo, I think it's probably being driven by a conservative outlook. As a reminder for everybody, we came up with 3% guidance in 2012 as well. The general component's really, again, with the RIDEA. Again, we would hope to prove conservative that 5% as we've already discussed and the majority of the other triple net component blends, as usual, to somewhere between 2% and 3%. That's where we went out with the 3% overall guidance.
Scott A. Estes: No, it's not. We're excluding the same-store pool because the restructurings are vastly different models and we provided more than adequate disclosure about the entrance fee community.
Scott A. Estes: Rob, this is Scott Estes. The MOB growth, it's probably actually a little bit below that average that we've traditionally gone into the last few years and next year is pretty similar, at kind of a 1% plus type range. So we'd hope to do a little bit better than that. It's better -- it's probably going to be a little bit less than the 2% or 3% average as you think about it.
Scott A. Estes: Right. Yes, 94.4% occupancy. The team is about maximizing the occupancy there, so maybe unlike some others that have some assets that are underutilized, we're trying to get members successfully getting, I think, as much as we can out of that and its results in about 1% plus growth in the last couple of years.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, Rob, maybe I'll provide for you and everyone else just a little more color. If you look at that portfolio today, you can see in our supplements, there's about $480 million of entrance fee assets that are probably at about 5% -- 4.5% to 5% in 2013. The 3 assets that were moved to the rental model are probably in the $175 million range and the 1 RIDEA building is probably about $100 million facility. So the $175 million and the $100 million components, those 4 buildings under the new structure basically have breakeven to slight income currently. So again, I think it's taking a lot of the impact now with having very good upside with those buildings fill over the next 3 years.
Scott A. Estes: It will depend on the fill progress from here, but yes, they would actually still have reasonably good increases to the extent the buildings fill. There, again, I think, they're probably on average about 75% occupied.
Richard C. Anderson: Okay. So if you have 25,000 in -- as of the fourth quarter and you add another 11,000, I don't see how you get to $54 million at a $1,700 per unit run rate for average for the portfolio. Can you just reconcile that for me? $1,700 times 36 is a bigger number.
Richard C. Anderson: Somebody didn't like how they're treated, they're going to sue everyone, it doesn't matter if that makes sense or not, you have to protect yourself. I guess, that's the way I would think about it. But anyway, we can move on. And my last...
Richard C. Anderson: Okay, nothing beyond that, that's the point. And then George, if I can ask a kind of a conceptual question for you. There are 2 kind of camps as they think about RIDEA and the returns required to compensate for the risk. I'm curious if you have a thought -- if your thought process is where you think about it is a premium to a triple-net execution, or do you think about a return relative to a conventional multifamily transaction. I'm just wondering how you think about being compensated for risk and what mass is behind it for you.
Scott M. Brinker: Maybe we'll follow up with you after this call, but there may be a timing issue as well and not all of the Sunrise assets are being acquired as of January 1.
Scott M. Brinker: Sure. This is Scott Brinker. Last year, it was 3.2% growth in rate and 280 basis points increase in census. And for 2013, we're expecting closer to 2% to 3% increase in rate and about 2% increase in census.
Scott M. Brinker: We would hope to exceed the budget. Like I said in the prepared remarks, for 10 quarters now, performance within our RIDEA portfolio, our growth has been about 7% in every quarter. So hopefully 5% ends up being conservative.
Scott M. Brinker: No. We continue to think triple net is a great business. We've invested over $3 billion that way over the last 2 years, with yields over 7%. We've got some of the best operators in the country under our triple-net structure, and we'll continue to pursue investments that way as well.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Jeff, I don't think there's a ceiling. These markets, we increased rates at a level that was 50% above what the industry achieved. So we expect these communities to continue to outperform the sector. Hopefully, the guidance does end up being conservative but there's, of course, always a little uncertainty with the state of the economy. The good news is there's very little new supply in these markets and the housing market is at least starting to improve generally.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, sure. Yes, the operator is a group called Covenant Care [ph] that we have an existing triple-net lease portfolio width of about 10 buildings. They've been in the business for several decades and has outperformed on rental CCRCs in our experience with them. In terms of the economics, because we're converting from an entry fee model to a rental model, you don't have to dig sort of first-generation entry fees coming in. You otherwise would have, which impacts their ability to pay rent in 2013. Over time, the NOI will be substantially higher than it would be in an entry fee model. So the NOI growth is in the neighborhood of 20% per year on average over 5 years.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, it's a separate portfolio, really. The 3 assets that were transitioned to rental were with 1 operating partner. This other building had been converted to rental before it opened 2 years ago and has been operated by a third-party operator since the date it opened. And we just made the decision that, given its current performance and future expectations, that the RIDEA structure was the right way to align incentives and capture the improvement in economics over time.
Scott M. Brinker: No. They had done, this is Scott Brinker, joint ventures with various third-party private equity companies over the years and Brookdale already managed these properties and had a joint venture interest in them. And we essentially just replaced the private equity company, which is a model that we've used on a number of occasions in our portfolio.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. Our investments in the fourth quarter for the RIDEA portfolio were about 6.5% on average. The Brookdale portfolio was at the high end of that.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. They didn't participate in the initial sort of cash basis for bundled payments, but they're certainly well set up to participate once it becomes more formalized. It's still very early stages. What they are doing, though, is participating with various managed care plans where they have a geographic concentration with the goal of reducing rehospitalizations, which is really the key point in the bundled care, anyway. And they're already receiving economic benefits for reducing those rehospitalizations over time.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Tayo, this is Scott here. Fixed charge coverage remains at about 1.3 and we would expect to stabilize at that level. We're now at the full year of the new reimbursement system. We actually think that coverage will start to pick up over the next 1 to 2 years. The acquisition of Sun Health should be particularly helpful to payment coverage as they realize synergies. That's going very well to date, but again, we see that stabilizes 1.3 today and improving over time.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, the 1.3x assumes sort of all of these worst-case reimbursement scenarios, not that they do something on top of what they're talking about today, which we don't expect, but I guess it's possible then we'd have to revisit our expectations, but the 1.3 improving over time does assume that sequestration happens, and therapy reimbursement continues to be challenged.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Rob, this is Scott. One thing that makes it both challenging, but also in a good way, there's very little rollover in our MOB portfolio. It's only about 20% of our leases expiring over the next 4 to 5 years. So it's a highly stable source of income in our portfolio. It just doesn't produce extraordinary NOI growth.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Rob, the NOI growth that I referenced is for the 3 properties that are transitioning to the rental model. There is NOI growth built into the entry fee assets as well, but it's certainly not 20% per year.
Scott M. Brinker: No, there aren't, Rich. We own 125 Sunrise communities. The Sunrise management company, of which we're a 20% owner, is a lessee of our portfolios, and they, of course, manage the 300 assets. I'm not aware of any third-party purchase options in that leased or managed portfolio.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, so Rich, just to make sure we're clear. We were certainly participating in that decision because we now own that asset. So there's nothing beyond that.
