Tom DeRosa: Thanks, Scott. As you've heard from Mercedes, Shankh and Scott, we cannot be more excited about the opportunities for us. We've taken the last few years to assemble what is widely regarded as the largest and best located premium seniors housing operating business in the world. Yes, headlines of senior housing oversupply and the continuing saga of weak senior housing operators with poorly managed real estate make for bad headlines. As you've just heard, this is not our story. With respect to assets subject to government reimbursements, there is uncertainty and, as we've seen before, the potential for volatility. As you know today, these assets represent a much smaller percentage of our NOI. But we believe we know how to manage this volatility and our shareholders can trust us to work hard to capture the value of remaining in the postacute care sector even though admittedly the road can be bumpy. Nevertheless, it is clear to us that major academic and regional health systems do require a postacute care solution. Given that, we're exploring how we can best deploy capital side by side with these high quality, strong credit systems to address this need. Nothing more to share on this now, but we're looking into this opportunity. You see we're laser focused on driving shareholder value and we're not afraid to make tough decisions when we believe it's all for the long term benefit of our shareholders. Welltower prides itself on having the most experienced and talented team, the lowest cost structure, the best senior housing real estate and operating platform, an outstanding national outpatient medical management business and unmatched global access to capital to realize the many opportunities to own the real estate that will drive healthcare delivery forward. And with that, Holly, please open up the line for questions.
Tom DeRosa: And Todd, it's Tom. The other thing to know about Canada is there are provinces in Canada that have greater acceptance of independent living as an option for particularly the 65- to 85-year-old active senior. This is a concept that is actually promoted by the government as a very good alternative for this older population. It's lower cost and actually allows - at some point when people have health issues, it allows a national health service like you have in Canada to more efficiently deliver healthcare services to this population because they are living in settings that range from 100 units sometimes over 800 units.
Tom DeRosa: That's a good question, Mike. Nothing has really changed. I mean I think we've been pretty articulate about how we deploy capital across healthcare real estate. I think we've been pretty consistent. Again, we see in senior housing the majority of the capital we will deploy is behind our bench of leading operators. Occasionally like we did this past year, we brought a new operator into the mix. I think you know that we've looked to decrease our postacute care exposure, but we've also been quite vocal about the fact that we're not abandoning the sector because we think there will be opportunities to deploy capital at good returns in the future. The model by which we deploy capital may be different and we're continually looking to deploy capital around our outpatient medical business. As you know, we own 17 million square feet. Today this is a business that is scalable. We think we're best in class. We drive tremendous performance out of that model. So, again, you will continue to see us looking for opportunities to grow that business. With respect to outside the U.S., you should continue to see us look for good opportunities in Canada and for good opportunities in the UK where we have resources on the ground. We have infrastructure in order to properly own, underwrite and manage those healthcare assets.
Tom DeRosa: And, Mike, the other thing I would add is we're very snobbish about the quality of our portfolio. So we're not looking for opportunities to dilute the quality of what we own.
Tom DeRosa: Josh, we're questioning everything about the way we do business and I think that is something you should demand of us in any company. We're always reevaluating how we can do what we do better and more efficiently. So this is not a one-time plan. This should be something you expect from us longer term.
Tom DeRosa: Well, Chad, we're looking to rebalance our postacute portfolio. We're looking - our postacute portfolio was highly concentrated. That is something that - we've been very upfront about saying it's something that we needed to address. So when we think about redeploying capital to postacute, we're thinking about it, as I mentioned, in respect to major health systems and helping them to address their postacute care need. If we do not have a model that institutions like Welltower can invest in, then we have a bigger problem because it means many people will remain in hospital beds. So we're working very hard with major healthcare providers to rethink how this postacute care model will work in the future.
Tom DeRosa: Michael, one of the things that we're seeing is these large superregional and academic medical systems are taking a very keen look at the senior housing space. So we talked little bit about postacute and why that is - for them is an issue that needs to be addressed. But they are also looking at how they can connect to the senior housing operators, particularly around the conditions of high levels of frailty and dementia Alzheimer's. Mercedes talked a little bit about one of the large regional systems where we have effectively brought our operator together with the system. And it is not only benefitting that health system, it's benefiting Welltower by seeing a 200 basis point increase in occupancy. This is very early days. We were invisible. Senior housing was completely invisible to hospital systems. Why? Because it's outside the reimbursement framework. But increasingly, these systems need to see senior housing as part of effective healthcare delivery networks because the people that live with us are the largest risk population for those health systems. They are seeing how our sector can help them manage that risk, so I would say more to come on this.
Tom DeRosa: I think it gives us a competitive advantage versus all the capital out there that would like to invest in the MOB space. What that capital doesn't bring is all the benefits which I just articulated.
Tom DeRosa: Well, Jordan, one of the things I said earlier was that the major academic medical systems and regional health systems are really taking a very close look at their outpatient ambulatory care strategy. It's going to require a lot of capital for them to build the networks they need to grow their patient population base. One of the key strategies of major health systems is they've invested significant dollars in generally their Center City acute-care facilities where research and teaching and technology are driven from. In a world where length of stays are decreasing every day in hospitals, how do you keep those beds filled? You need to build a broader feeder system to that acute-care hospital so you can maintain your competitive edge and they are going to do that by building larger ambulatory care networks. This is something that because of our relationships with these systems is an area that people are looking very closely at. One of the reasons why you haven't seen the business grow perhaps the same rate as senior housing is it's rare that there are large portfolios to acquire in this space and if they come about, in many cases they haven't been of quality that reach our screen. So we're always in the market, we're always looking and we're a big player. Again, we own 17 million square feet of outpatient medical and we're a full-service outpatient medical management. So this is an area that has always been import and we're seeing some of the changes that are helping across healthcare delivery perhaps bringing a new set of opportunities that we have not seen in the past.
Tom DeRosa: And think I think that's pretty similar to what HCP may have announced in the last week or so, that their coverage was about 1.2 times just like ours.
Tom DeRosa: I think you're going to see more buildings that are designed to drive procedures out of the acute-care hospital into an outpatient setting. So what you're essentially seeing is it a transition from the old doc in a box to basically day hospitals.
Tom DeRosa: No, Mike. I think we're going to be very selective. And I hope that came across clear in my remarks. We're going to be very selective about how we deploy capital into postacute. We're not looking to roll up existing supply of postacute that is out there. We're looking to help drive the next generation of postacute where we can feel the opportunity to deploy capital will provide our shareholders with the right risk return scenario. Next question.
Tom DeRosa: Now, Mike, you also asked a question about development - our development pipeline and occupancy there.
Tom DeRosa: One of the things that we're hoping for, if you follow the progress of some of the major regional and academic medical systems, they are acquiring other hospitals. This gives them large portfolios not only of additional hospitals but also ambulatory and outpatient assets. We're hoping that at some point these systems will look to sell some of these or partner some of these assets. That's where most of the high-quality outpatient opportunities lie. They are sitting in the hands of these major health systems.
Tom DeRosa: This could be one of the biggest pools of potential investment opportunities that the healthcare REIT space has ever seen, if you think about it, if you look at the amount of real estate that is owned by these major systems. And that's why we have limited our strategy to these major systems. We believe they will wind up growing and essentially pushing a lot of weaker systems either out of business because they will be increasingly marginalized or pushing more and more acute-care into the safety net business of caring for the uninsured and Medicaid population. And that's not where we intend to be.
Tom DeRosa: We don't comment on M&A and like anything, Rich, if the stars line up and that's the right thing for the shareholders, we would always review any opportunity. But that's not anything we're laser focused on at the moment.
Tom DeRosa: Rich, when I stepped into this role a little under three years ago, I inherited a bloated inverted pyramid organizational structure. Since then, without fending off any major players, we got it to a rectangle. And as of January 3, we get it to a functional pyramid.
Tom DeRosa: No, it's not a trapezoid. It's a functional pyramid. So when you look at the way we're organized, the Company is now organized across three verticals. So one of those verticals reports to Mercedes, one of those verticals reports to Scott and one of those verticals reports to me. Those verticals create a much enhanced internal management structure, functional oversight structure and internal governance structure. So those structural enhancements allow for us not to have a Chief Operating Officer role because it is those aspects of that role are filled by the structure. Same thing with not having a Chief Investment Officer. So that is - the role of the Chief Investment Officer is fulfilled by a functional structure. This is something we can talk to you more about at any time, but we think it's working really well. And you know what? We all work 24/7 and that's what you should spec of any management team.
Tom DeRosa: I can tell you we've all been passing the flu around here in Toledo. That should be an area of concern, but we continue to come to work every day.
Tom DeRosa: Michael, it's because I think there's always going to be a broad need for skilled nursing. So, remember, our business is more aligned with the top end of the market and the top end of the market has a skilled nursing need. But the broader market won't always have a skilled nursing need. So when you can own skilled nursing with the right operators in the right markets, that should remain a reasonable asset class to invest in. It has been challenged because of all of the issues, whether they be from Medicare or Medicaid and we're in a period of uncertainty now because we don't know how the repeal of the ACA will affect particularly Medicaid reimbursement. There's a lot of questions about that. All I can tell you is, if this administration can address the fact that Obamacare expanded Medicaid to include able-bodied adults - so some people believe that of the 20 million of newly insured, 6 million were able-bodied adults that were added to the Medicaid ranks - that is a problem for everyone because Medicaid is for the elderly children, the blind and the disabled. So we're hoping for some clarity there and maybe that provides some relief to SNF operators that rely on Medicaid to get reimbursed for their services. But, you know, it's been a tough go and we're trying to be optimistic but we maintain skilled nursing cannot go away.
Mercedes Kerr: Sure. We actually are developing a couple of assets in Canada - again, part of Toronto, something that as we talked about before, highly targeted location market. So we're not really seeing any pressure in our individual local markets from new supply that is anything to speak of. In fact, we had very solid performance in the past year in that particular portfolio.
Mercedes Kerr: Excuse me, I just wanted to add one more thing. Our relationship strategy is actually very deeply rooted. We have eight folks in our business development team altogether and Tom just said, some of them are actually in Canada and the UK. But the relationship strategy that I touched on earlier and that Tom was just highlighting is very deeply rooted from the organization. So we continue to see the same momentum that we always have and expect to continue to have that going forward with our shallow pipeline.
Mercedes Kerr: Well, you're right in that we don't typically give any guidance on that, but I did touch on the fact that we're actively in the market with our existing platforms and are actually optimistic about some of the opportunities that we see could materialize for us and for our investment.
Mercedes Kerr: I expect them to become more explicit, Michael. One of the things that we're going to be working with Johns Hopkins on is real estate infrastructure and our objective is to find ways to innovate to become better partners, if you will, for health systems as they are expanding their ambulatory strategies. Naturally those ambulatory strategies will have real estate implications and so that is certainly a focus for us.
Mercedes Kerr: That's right. Because historically it has been a landlord and tenant relationship that we have had with them and what I'm describing is a partnership much like the kind that you've seen us have with senior housing operators.
Mercedes Kerr: The relationship is expected to be a long term one, but we will be updating everybody certainly as we make progress on the multiple initiatives that we're undertaking. We're actually already working on a quality measurement tool that we think will illustrate the value in assisted living and memory care that Tom was describing before. Obviously the information can be shared with existing and potential customers. It could also help to pave the way for other mutually beneficial partnerships between health systems and our seniors housing operating partners. So there will be a number of different fronts that we're going to be working on together and we'll bring updates as they become available on the progress that we're making.
Mercedes Kerr: Certainly, as you know, we announced a closing in October and since then our operators have jumped in and they are very focused. They are executing on their plans. So it's early days, but they're doing everything that we would expect them to do hiring staff and working on renovation plans and such. The property is obviously a great fit for us - our Sunrise in Silverado and they are great operators. So if anybody can deliver on a plan, it would be them.
Mercedes Kerr: Yes. Thank you for that question. In fact, it is one of those locations that is prime for the innovation that we've been trying to describe and we're in conversations with the health system about how we can collaborate in that market to bring more value to the population. We continue to make progress on the project. We're on track. The properties that we're actually going to demolish are now vacant. So we're going to start our pre-demolition work here probably by next week. So we're excited to see that kind of progress. We've also actually increased the size of the project slightly because we found some efficiencies. So more value enhancing our returns. And, believe it or not, are already fielding phone calls from prospective residents who are quite interested in living in the community and have actually offered to become almost ambassadors on our behalf and getting the message out about the property. So the schedule continues as we have always advocated for now and we're starting to make progress.
Mercedes Kerr: So I'll start off, we're not actually looking to expand our relationship together. So consequently we're actually not participating in any process there. What I can tell you about our properties with Brookdale is that we have a solid group and I will say that we're not in the habit of giving individual portfolio statistics. But just to illustrate my point, I can tell you just this one time that our portfolio there covers 1.2 times. So we have a solid relationship, but it's not one that we're expanding.
Mercedes Kerr: And we have actually many examples of that in our portfolio already because we identified this trend quite some time ago and it's actually the reason why we talk about our portfolio as an outpatient medical portfolio and not a medical office building portfolio.
Mercedes Kerr: Sure. You probably have heard this from others already and seen the numbers yourselves and there is, indeed, a spike in 2017 in the incidence of the flu. Obviously we monitor that very closely and we're always in very active dialogues with our operators about this sort of thing. Naturally they have protocols to contain the flu and other such epidemics. These are the kinds of things that we're in dialogue with them about and their use of those kinds of tactics to try to stay ahead.
Mercedes Kerr: Well, look, as you can imagine, our agreements have consent rights and the like that might apply in different scenarios. So a process that would require our input and we always seek to be constructive. We always seek to protect our shareholders' interests. So we really have no particular idea of what to play out if anything at all. It is speculative. But just know that we will have a seat at the table if ever it's required.
Mercedes Kerr: And I can appreciate that, Michael. I maybe I'm just repeating myself, so I apologize for that in advance. But it's what we said. We have a strong relationship network. We have a very strong business development team. We've described to you some of our initiatives with respect to the new business and how we're looking to replicate our success in outpatient medical. We feel that that is going to yield us off-market opportunities. We have - again, I'm repeating myself a little bit, but it's all to say that those are some of the reasons we feel optimistic about this coming year and our opportunities.
Shankh Mitra: And I will add to that. Canada is primarily an independent living market, right? So you are seeing some construction that we're bringing in with our partners, Chartwell and Nuvera and some very high barriers to entry locations in Canada, but there's not a lot of macro supply to speak of at least that's impacting our portfolio.
Shankh Mitra: Mike, we're always - we're never in the market for new relationships. We've been in the business for a very long time. We're outstanding professionals who have been in the market and the industry for a very, very long period of time and you have seen we have been following some of these leading operators a decade plus. Northbridge is a very good example of that. They happen when they happen. But as you have seen from other investments, previously most of the investment volumes will come from existing relationships. Do we have a list of operators that we would absolutely love to have in our family of brands? Absolutely but it will happen in that time when the opportunity comes.
Shankh Mitra: And to specifically answer your question on Mainstreet, Chad, Mainstreet was not aligned to the whole health system strategy that Todd was talking about. As you know, as we've told you last quarter, we have ended our relationship with Mainstreet and to specifically answer your question on Mainstreet debt, they paid us a premium on face value and we absolutely - what we did to sell them our debt that we owned at a higher price than face value. So, if you think about Mainstreet which was not in any of the COS states going forward, we ended the relationship. So that's the answer to that question - that anybody would pay us at a premium we're happy to sell them.
Shankh Mitra: Michael, it's Shankh. I will tell you that we're expecting roughly similar growth in U.S. and Canada next year and what is driving - we're expecting significantly higher growth for on a relative basis in our UK portfolio next year. So relatively same U.S. and Canada and higher UK is how I will describe it on a [indiscernible] perspective.
Shankh Mitra: So, Karin, it is very hard to comment on 2018 at this point in time. But if we look at the NIC information, you will see that most of the supply - the sort of peak of the supply will be delivered in the first half of 2017 and you also have in - you obviously are following the flu situation - the impact will also be sort of the first quarter. So our focus was the first quarter. So you will see that, relatively speaking, you will see a little bit of acceleration in the back half of 2017 from a numbers perspective. Now if supply doesn't really pick up, you can see at least in our portfolio, our U.S. portfolio still has occupancy upside left. And obviously the expense growth moderates, stays at that elevated level but at least moderates from a year-over-year perspective, you can see some acceleration in 2018, but we're not prepared to talk about that just yet.
Shankh Mitra: If we continue to sell Genesis, as Scott said, that obviously Genesis buyback is in our guidance, that coverage you should see should continue to go up.
Shankh Mitra: Tim, our head of asset management will give you the details. But overall obviously, as you know, we provide very detailed disclosure. We're not prepared to give you even more than the occupancy projection in different parts of our portfolio. But, as I said, the U.S. we lost occupancy and we gained in UK and Canada. Relatively that's what I want to think about.
Shankh Mitra: And, Jordan, I'll add to that. As you know, medical office business has been very, very competitive from a pricing perspective and you know our investment philosophy is more offmarket relationship driven. So every time you saw opportunities, obviously the option tends to run very crowded and that's not how we invest capital. So obviously now what you're hearing from Tom and Mercedes and the team that we're replicating the same relationship investment strategy from the senior housing that we have been very successful and trying to go and replicate the same idea and same strategy in the medical office business and that's what you're hearing from us. The relationship that we announced today is just the beginning of that. But we do not want to deploy capital for the sake of deploying capital. We want to deploy capital when we think we can make money for our shareholders.
Shankh Mitra: I'll add - Jordan, I'll just add from the Q4 numbers that we released this morning, our Brookdale exposure, as we said this morning, is lower because we have closed the Brookdale as part of our Cindat joint venture yesterday.
Shankh Mitra: One, we'll follow-up with you on the exact number on CapEx. I want to make one point, though. As you know, we have the youngest assets in the industry in our portfolio, as you can see in those numbers. So we're not particularly worried about as they put CapEx in existing facilities to drive performance. But if your question is more focused towards the industry, that is definitely something that you should probably see or will see from the industry. As far as we're concerned, we have the youngest assets asset pool in the business and we think -
Shankh Mitra: And, Mike, I just want to add, as you heard from Scott, we have the Genesis buyback of $400 million or so built into our guidance. So, if anything, net net you might actually see our exposure go down. But we're definitely not looking to bulk up in that space.
Shankh Mitra: And just as you think about - John, as you think about the numbers, if we have an outbreak of the flu that is greater than what we're talking about today, that probably gets us towards the lower end of the guidance and vice versa. So if you thought about the flu trend, it is one of the things we're thinking about. That's why we sort of created a range. That gets you from one side of the range to the other side of the range, depending on how it plays out.
Shankh Mitra: Michael, they were actually supposed to close in mid-February is what we thought. And one of them, as I said, closed yesterday. I thought it was going to close in two or three weeks, but they were never supposed to be closed by that year end.
Shankh Mitra: Michael, I'll just add to that that, as you heard from Mercedes, that we feel better about the opportunities as we sit right here. However, we'd never include acquisitions in our guidance and it's hard to do that, right? I mean you don't know when they are going to close, you don't know when you are going to shake hands, what your cost of capital will be, how much you want to keep, how much you want to JV. So all of these things play, but what you should remember is we have - opportunity is never constrained and the second point is we're seeing better opportunities. The third is we feel pretty good about the business. So, if the stars align, you should see strong acquisition opportunities from us as you have seen in the fourth quarter.
Shankh Mitra: And, Michael, adding to Tom's point, if you think about it, we're very focused on capital allocation as our main job, right? Tom said, as you heard from him three times today, we want to maintain flexibility. And environments change. Investment opportunities change. If we see really good risk adjusted return opportunities with great health systems, we'll explore that. On the other hand, we think that there is a huge demand for these assets coming from foreign and domestic investors. If we think that we should crystallize the value for our shareholders, we'll go that way. You have seen us doing both and we want to be flexible and remain open and change as the market changes.
Scott Estes: We're highly confident in our ability to get there. Your run-rate point is right on and as we look at our budget for the teams as we think about them, as well as just contractually what we're thinking in terms of legal tax and consulting, we already have a good feel for what those numbers are going to look like this year.
Scott Estes: And it really started this year, frankly, in 2016 because that's why we wanted to point out our original guidance was for $165 million in 2016. So this is something we've really been driving last year 2016 and 2017 and beyond.
Scott Estes: Sure. I Think it's important just to take a step back on our loans big picture. As a reminder for everyone, loans are only 3% of our total portfolio. We actually project them to be down in the 2% range by year-end and we've actually already decreased the loans by about $100 million year to date. We've disclosed the three different components really of the Genesis loans. You're right they aggregate to about $464 million. I think it was the bridge loans are $317 million of that and it really was a part of a bigger solution that provides a little more time to pay those off at a reasonable rate and it was, again, contemplated as a part of the all Genesis transactions that we've been working on.
Scott Estes: Sure. The CapEx number is in that Exhibit 4. It's $71 million for 2017 and the income tax line we're projecting roughly $2 million to $3 million per quarter in 2017.
Scott Estes: Hi, Karin. It's Scott. I think first in terms of the coverage you can see there was a nice improvement this quarter, but that really was largely the result of those Genesis dispositions that affected the occupancy and affected the coverage that you see on the first Page of the supplement. It's almost the same answer to your question as why I can't get more color - why did we take out our disclosure? We were reporting Genesis information on a one quarter lag like we do with everybody else. We don't do that for anybody else and since they are a public company, what would've been in the supplement was what they reported four months ago. So you can continue to see their dot and their bubble page in terms of their coverage overall which is a little above 1.2 for the data that we reported, but we're just going to keep reporting on this basis going forward.
Scott Estes: The one thing I would add to that is every day we're driving more value from our expertise on the operating side and helping these smaller regional businesses operate on a higher level. We've been very focused, as you know, on helping them drive down expenses and driving the benefits of scale that they get from being part of the Welltower family. We're now looking at ways we can help them on the revenue side, so stay tuned on that.
Scott Estes: I think that's a good way to think about it. So I think really in two phases at least. The first phase I can give a good bit of detail on. Like I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there is about $1.2 billion of dispositions that carried over from last year. Those are largely seniors housing triple net deals that have basically happened or should happen within the next few weeks. So the use of those proceeds which are about at least $1 billion of that $1.2 billion, would be to pay off our $288 million of preferred stock. Plus, we've targeted about $700 million of secured debt. So I think the rest of it is a little bit wait and see. We still have some line borrowings available, but hopefully we'll have some success in ongoing acquisitions and development funding. But I think the net reduction probably comes in the first part of the year.
Scott Estes: Yes, I feel great about the balance sheet. I mean it's been very helpful, I think, in terms of how we're thinking about the business. It just gives us a ton of flexibility. So the $3 billion of liquidity I articulated did not even account for the potential $2 billion of dispositions. So we really have an opportunity to take one more notch down here and that just puts us solidly in the range we're at today.
Scott Estes: The only thing I would add, Mike, is that we have a good - most of our fill-up assets are in our triple net or postacute portfolios. So we're collecting rent from day one on those. I don't think I've noticed any material change in the time it's taking these assets to fill up. And I would also note that about 80% of that fill-up, again, is in a master release.
Scott Estes: Final important point, Michael. This is Scott. I think we've actually been making this shift already. Not only is the postacute portfolio getting to about the 10% to 12% range which is right sized, but we've been selling the more Medicaid-centric skilled nursing assets for really the last five to seven years. And even with Genesis as well, we've been growing our powerbacks and the assets there - Medicaid centric and private pay, not even Medicaid certified assets. So it's actually happening already.
Tim Lordan: Yes, Vik. This is Tim Lordan. The story is the same there. So we saw weakness in Chicago, Atlanta and Kansas City, but the core markets held up well.
Tim Lordan: Mike, this is Tim Lordan. As Shankh mentioned, it takes about six quarters to develop these projects and if you do them in the right markets, you develop a nice waiting list or a list of residents as you go through that process. So fill-up could take anywhere from a year or 18 months after that.
Tim Lordan: John, this is Tim Lordan. I would say in summary we see the flu being a little bit more impactful than last year, but not anywhere near the historical flu season we saw a couple of years ago. We're seeing trends like that elevated in the UK. Fortunately to date we're not seeing a lot of exposure to flu in our communities in the UK and in the U.S., as Mercedes said, our operators are all over that. One of the lessons they learned from the historic flu season a couple years ago is how to improve their protocols to deal with that more effectively. So we had seen some impacts of flu in Connecticut and some other areas but nothing widespread.
