George L. Chapman: Thanks very much, Scott. With our $5 billion of investments year-to-date, our total investments since the beginning of 2010, now total $19 billion. Moreover, as our relationships continue to deliver the preponderance of our investments, we will continue to deliver strong investment opportunities even after this period of unprecedented transactional volume is over. We believe that our results clearly demonstrate the success of our business model, as we have continued to add operators and systems as partners. And these new investments, together with our recurring investments created by our existing relationships, have driven consistent growth with asset quality that we believe is the best in our sector. The architecture of our portfolio with a mix of triple-net leases and RIDEA arrangements is positioned to deliver strong shareholder value through all economic cycles. Today, we believe our strong portfolio and sets of relationships in the United States, the U.K. and Canada position us very well for the future. And with that, operator, that concludes our remarks, and we're open for questions.
George L. Chapman: Yes, we do have a right of first refusal on future development that -- from Merrill Gardens. Two, it was clearly a desire on management's part at Merrill Gardens to make their company somewhat more simple and to have a development and a fill up platform. Bill and I -- Bill Pettit and I talked about that at length before they came to that conclusion. Now, why we ended up with Emeritus and a sort of modified triple-net structure, is that we thought Emeritus was -- after looking at RIDEA structures, triple-net structures with different operators, we thought they were the best fit, in large part because the footprints are so similar between Emeritus and Merrill Gardens. But what we did, even though we moved to Emeritus' preferred triple-net structure, we added an IGR, incremental gross revenues kind of feature so that we could capture some of the upside. So we thought it was really a good result. Any other comments from...
George L. Chapman: One other comment on CapEx. I commented about our portfolio being the youngest and most modern in the sector. The MOBs in particular, that's also true in senior housing. And when you look at our CapEx relative to anyone else in the sector, it's remarkably low, which means we're generating really strong NOI growth without needing to put a lot of money into the assets. So I think it's important thing to keep in mind when you think about the quality of our real estate.
George L. Chapman: Well, we're still a fixture in the senior housing arena and we have our discussions with a number of operators, don't know if we'll get home or not. And then, of course, we do know that we have a significant flow of projects, both acquisitions and development from our existing operators. So we're very pleased with our potential pipeline but we're not in a position right now to identify any.
George L. Chapman: Well, actually, I didn't make that comment in my commentary, but we did already comment on that. And that is, as Scott Estes indicated, that is part of our investment process, we have to look at our aggregate cost of capital vis-à-vis the returns on any assets. And we do that every week. And I don't know if Scott Brinker, if you want to talk about any particular asset class but it is clearly a determining factor in terms of doing a deal or not doing a deal. But if we look at it more on the long term, of what is our long-term cost of capital versus the long-term return from particular assets. Scott, any more color? I think that's the answer, though, Tayo.
George L. Chapman: Tayo, this is not a science. Even with our existing relationships, we're going to have to look at what our current cost of capital is and to deal with them in a very upfront way and get to a good result for both parties. I will tell you this, that if the rates continue to go up, there probably will be a lag between cap rates following. There always has been. And we're going to have to be very, very careful about how we price any new investment.
George L. Chapman: I don't think it's meaningful. There could be, from time to time, that the company, that may have a 2-year or 3-year time horizon, that might ultimately decide to shorten it to take advantage of better pricing. But we haven't seen a lot of it.
George L. Chapman: I don't think it signifies anything at all about our commitments to the best operators. And our willingness in the right circumstances to do either a RIDEA or a triple net. And I think, I also indicated to you earlier in the call, Karin, that we selected with Merrill Gardens, Emeritus, because it seemed to have the right footprint to really take over the Merrill Gardens portfolio and move it along quickly. But even there, we added a gross revenues concept to allow us to capture some of the upside as well.
Scott A. Estes: Mike, it's Scott Estes. Yes, we do. The portfolio continues to do very well on the whole. And as I said, we're forecasting about 6% for the year and hopefully, we'll do a little bit better than that. But everything is going, going well with the RIDEA portfolio.
Scott A. Estes: Okay. I would note, Mike, too, of that portfolio, it's only 1.6% of total NOI. Every single one of those lines that we have additional detail is just one facility except for one specific relationship. And that one specific relationship is actually likely to pay us off and remain current on rent throughout and it's projected sometime next year, I believe.
Scott A. Estes: I don't think there's any change. As a reminder to everybody, I think we saw a benefit in our overall cost of capital, given our recent upgrades to BBB flat from S&P. So we're now BBB flat across-the-board and I feel like our general target remains 40% debt to undepreciated book. And from time to time as we raise capital, it goes up or down around that number. But again, that's so we would remain committed to that target long term and I don't think we could've done more than raise $1.7 billion of equity this quarter. So I think we still feel comfortable with our target level.
Scott A. Estes: The factor really -- the #1 factor really relates to the timing of our equity deal and then the incremental investments we've announced since providing our last guidance. So if you take all the parts, we raised $1.7 billion of equity in May, and then really announced only about $1.4 billion of incremental investments through, roughly, our $1 billion ownership of Revera, the Avery transaction as well as the Merrill Gardens and Emeritus transactions. So that $1.4 billion of incremental investments comes out later in the year. I think we're very happy to raise the capital efficiently and do it without any change in our guidance. So the G&A and the CapEx factors are relatively minor and when you put it all together, they're about roughly net neutral given all those parts and we have lower leverage as well, as a result.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, our previous forecast for the year 1 was $73 million. So it's only about $6 million lower at $67 million. So in our medical facilities portfolio, it's something like $5.5 million to $6 million per quarter, and the RIDEA portfolio something in the 13.5-ish million range per quarter.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, Nick. It actually is coming back nicely due to the occupancy rebound you mentioned. So at least margins are up year-over-year, occupancy is up in that portfolio and actually, NOI on the second quarter of '13 versus the second quarter of '12 is actually a little bit above the company, Health Care REIT company average for the quarter.
Scott A. Estes: Jeremy, the expectation for the second half of '13 is still probably in the 9%-ish range. And this quarter was a little lower because we actually got out of an additional entrance fee community this quarter and we had already talked about how the rents on those were a little bit lower.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, it was down a little bit, I think 30 basis points. But the NOI growth was high, it was in the neighborhood of 5% quarter-over-quarter. So good rate growth, very modest expense growth, more than offset a small decline in occupancy, which we've more than recaptured as of today.
Scott M. Brinker: No, it really depends on the portfolio. We try to produce a little bit of detail on each one. Is there a guarantee, is there a letter of credit, what's the term of the lease, what kind of assets are they? So it really varies. Some portfolios are still in the sort of turnaround phase and we're perfectly comfortable that they're eventually going to hit a 1x-plus payment coverage ratio. So it's hard to say. We prefer to have a [indiscernible] above 1.0 today, but on that list, there aren't too many that, I would say, we're concerned about, if any. And as you can see, all of them are current on their rent payment.
Scott M. Brinker: No. Like I said, generally speaking, we're very comfortable with the triple net portfolio. We're happy to provide the additional transparency. We're confident it's going to produce consistent growth going forward and we're providing the transparency hoping that they're going to come to the same conclusion.
Scott M. Brinker: Same pool, Jeff. Over the next year we'll start adding portfolios like Chartwell, Sunrise, Brookdale, Revera, Belmont Village. So it's -- the total RIDEA portfolio today is 357 assets and about a year from now, you'll have all of those in the same-store pool.
Scott M. Brinker: Jeff, let me look at the numbers. But in general, occupancy was down a little bit, but it was more than offset by strong rate growth, and then operating expenses increased only very slightly. So that quarter-over-quarter, if you're comparing 1Q to 2Q, the NOI growth was more than 5%.
Scott M. Brinker: There aren't many at this point. The growth for the whole same-store pool was 8.4% year-over-year, and only 4 of them are lease-up assets. So the 114 stabilized assets NOI year-over-year grew almost 8%.
Scott M. Brinker: It's modest in Canada, about 2% a year, which is less than the growth in the population. So, throughout the country, occupancy is up, rates are up about 3%, and our portfolios are up even higher. U.K., there isn't good construction in this construction stats, but what you have in the U.K. is really a need to replace the lion's share of the supply that exists. Their older, outmoded buildings, mostly government pay, and the assets that we own, 46 communities now, are modern, private pay assets. So I'm not sure what the stat is, but there needs to be more development, not less in the U.K.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, the portfolio is doing well, I had it budgeted, current on rent payments, and we're excited about what that portfolio is going to look like over the next few years.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, they are new. So several have been opened for less than 2 years and are still in the fill-up stage. So occupancy's in the low to mid-80s, certainly trending up. Payment coverage today is around 1.0, but it certainly it's going to escalate pretty substantially over the next 3 to 4 years as we bring in new facilities as well as seeing the existing assets stabilize. So around 1.0 today but I would expect a 1.2 plus within a few years.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. I think we're going to actually start disclosing by MSA. We think it's going to show the diversity of our portfolio. We do track new construction pretty closely. We're really not concentrated in any of the markets where there's substantial new supply like Dallas, Denver, Houston. We just don't have much of a presence, particularly in RIDEA in those locations. So we follow it. But as of today, it's not something that we think is going to negatively impact the portfolio in any material way. And to your specific question, the top 5 markets are London, Toronto, New York, Boston, Los Angeles.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, on the same-store pool of 118 assets as of yesterday, it's flat versus the second quarter average. But if you look at the entire RIDEA portfolio of 357 assets, the occupancy as of yesterday's about 100 basis points above the average from the second quarter. So in the aggregate, we're definitely seeing a positive trend.
Scott M. Brinker: Not necessarily. In the aggregate, the portfolio is trending in the right direction. So we try not to worry too much about month-to-month performance. It's a well-diversified portfolio by operator, by industry type, meaning independent versus assisted, geography. I mean, things are going to fluctuate a bit quarter-to-quarter but in the aggregate, the portfolio is producing superior and consistent results.
Scott M. Brinker: It's a mix. We did try to identify the 2 or 3 portfolios that we're in the process of selling. So there are a few that we'd like to exit from. The others, we're perfectly happy to own and think they're going to continue to trend in a positive direction.
Scott M. Brinker: Right, it's a portfolio that's mostly independent living. So it did suffer from an occupancy standpoint over the last few years. In the past years, the housing markets recovered, it has started to pick up, it's also concentrated in California and the West Coast, so markets that were particularly troubled by the housing market. Again, it's definitely moving in the right direction and we're confident that Emeritus is going to do a great job with it.
Scott M. Brinker: It depends when it closes. We think the transaction will close within the next 60 days. So it's just a matter of the timing.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. Rough numbers, the RIDEA portfolio is about 50% independent living; roughly 35%, assisted; and the balance is memory care. And then in the triple-net senior housing portfolio, it's more like 50% or 55%, assisted living; in the neighborhood of 30%, independent living; and then, the balance is memory care.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. Avery is a privately-owned company that was backed by private equity in the U.K. So we've maintained a close relationship with the management team as well as the previous owner. So it was off market principal to principal with us in combination with the management team deciding that we'd like to go forward as partners. So we bought out their real estate and the management team bought out the operations on these 14 assets, and then we're going to develop roughly 4 properties a year going forward that we'll acquire upon opening.
Scott M. Brinker: It's probably about the same. I'm just ballparking it based on the assets that aren't yet in the pool like Revera, Chartwell, Sunrise, I mean, they're all -- those are the big ones. Belmont Village, they're all -- Brookdale in the neighborhood of 8%. So I think it's about the same.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, it's primarily 1 big portfolio in the mid-Atlantic. It's a really high-quality real estate. Payment coverage is right around 1.0, so it's a portfolio that we expect to renew at existing rental rate plus the increaser. And if the operators surprised us and didn't renew, we'd have 0 trouble releasing those assets.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, I would say the arbitrage between public and private cap rates has certainly declined a little bit. I mean, if anything, we hoped that the recent increase in cost of capital will result in cap rates not falling any further. There's a point where it seems like every transaction that we heard about was [indiscernible] the cap rate than the last one. So I'm not sure if cap rates are going to increase or not, maybe. We're just glad that they're no longer falling.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, the operating expense growth was in the 2% range, and the NOI growth was 3%. So you've got in-place rent escalators in the 2.5% range plus the pickup in occupancy generates the 3% NOI there.
Scott M. Brinker: We don't. We have such little lease rollover that the change in base rent year-to-year is generally going to reflect the in place lease escalators, which is in the 2.5% range.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, it's all the same people plus it's non-traded REITs for sure, 5 or 6 of them that are aggressively looking at senior housing, skilled nursing and medical office. There are pension funds, private equity and certainly, the public REITs, and even some operators. So it's a time where it's particularly important to have a lot of relationships in the industry.
Scott M. Brinker: We have almost 70 health system relationships that are sponsors of our outpatient medical office buildings. I'd say we're extremely bullish on the outpatient sector. The in-patient sector, I think, you need to be a little more careful with. The volume trends are not positive, a lot of the real estate quality is not very good, hospitals are closing and I think, more will. But if it was the right health system with a good quality real estate, with the triple-net lease structure, I think, we'd for sure take a look at it.
Scott M. Brinker: I think it's the latter. Feeling things out. So the recent change was over the past 60 to 90 days, so we'll see. As of today, I don't think pricing again has gone up. It just is not going down.
Omotayo T. Okusanya: So for the quarter, the guidance -- you guys talk about you're raising guidance on the same-store NOI for the senior housing portfolio, G&A is coming in a little bit lower. You're ahead of most of your expected trends. I'm just kind of curious why guidance was not raised.
Omotayo T. Okusanya: And then Merrill Gardens, I understand this whole idea of them wanting to just focus purely on development. But 2 quick questions on that. One, do you have kind of a right of first refusal on their development pipeline? And then second of all, even with the switch over to the new operator, just kind of curious why you didn't use a RIDEA structure in that scenario.
Omotayo T. Okusanya: So, George, during your commentary, you mentioned that you had started to adjust pricing a little bit simply because of the increase in your cost of capital. Could you talk a little bit about that in regards to all the key property types? And just -- when you say adjust in pricing, you're not kind of looking for deals that cap rates up by 25 bps or just kind of a general sense of what your -- what you're indicating -- what you're suggesting.
