Jeff Miller: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for Health Care REIT’s second quarter 2010 conference call. If you did not receive a copy of the news releases distributed late yesterday afternoon, you may access them via the company’s website at www.hcreit.com. A live webcast of today’s call maybe accessed through the company’s website.
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Tonya. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for Health Care REIT’s second quarter 2010 conference call. If you did not receive a copy of the news releases distributed late yesterday afternoon, you may access them via the company’s website at www.hcreit.com. A live webcast of today’s call maybe accessed through the company’s website. Certain statements made during this conference call maybe deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although Health Care REIT believes results projected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, the company can give no assurance that its projected results will be attained. Factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in the news releases and from time to time in the company’s filings with the SEC. With that, I will turn the call over to George Chapman, our Chairman, CEO and President, George.
Jeff Miller: Yes, this is Jeff Miller. What I would characterize is typical kinds of performance requirements out of the management agreement.
Jeff Miller: This is Jeff Miller. There is inevitably some level of tax leakage because you’re working to a TRS however the way we have structured, I think we have done a pretty good job of minimizing that.
Scott Estes: Hi (Jerrall) it’s Scott Estes. Breaking up a little bit, I think your question was general performance in the senior housing sector and independent living in particular. You know, we report senior housing on a combined basis since the majority of these facilities are combination independent living, assisted living et cetera. The answer is, the performance has been fairly stable. I think through the economic downturn, you saw a little bit of impact on occupancy but overall coverages have been very tight actually over the last two years. So, I think the senior housing portfolio has proven to be fairly resilient even through the downturn. We are optimistic about the growth potential as the economy hopefully continues to recover. And I think you can see the metrics in our supplement.
Scott Estes: I guess that the assisted living is probably marginally better, but again so many of our facilities are combinations, and operators have combinations of independent and assisted living. There’s not too much of a distinction.
Scott Estes: Sorry, I think the basic assumption is our portfolio has been a strong portfolio over time. We believe that the current occupancy is running a little bit below where it can trend over the next few years. So, we think that there’s an opportunity for some occupancy in margin expansion and you know we arrived at 5% NOI growth long term through what we believe is our moderate assumption case.
Scott Estes: We’ve talked in ranges, Ross. We will have to look at each asset, but we really are pretty confident that we are going to be Bill’s partner, Merrill Garden’s partner, for virtually all of the future development yields.
Scott Estes: We think that the 80:20 partnership, both at a real estate and at the tenant level provides more than sufficient alignment. We think it’s some of the best alignment that we have seen actually for (inaudible) structures.
Scott Estes: Sure Ross, I’ll give you some additional color, I would generally categorize that the current outlook for the loans that non-accrual bucket is encouraging, we do as always feel we’ve been fairly conservative by not recognizing interest here, but I would say we’re making some good progress. When you look at the loans in that bucket, they are basically six different operator relationships and essentially driven by either better performance in one case a potential transition to a new operator that we’re working on, would they assume the full loan and begin paying its current interest and potential payoffs, I feel like at least $30 million to $40 million of that $78 million number could move out of the bucket over the next few quarters and really again the biggest risk at this point is probably $20 million to $30 million of loans where we’ve chosen not yet to move forward on development projects. And really as we evaluate the our options with a few of those projects those are the really to quantify the risk and so we determine that, that’s probably the best number for you to think about. But again I wouldn’t be (inaudible) and say still extremely small part of the aggregate company portfolio.
Scott Estes: It is just obviously on the table, yes. Again these are some projects that commence so we’re looking at our options. So we have – since we haven’t made the determination I would put those $20 million to $30 million in a limbo stage as we figure out the best option for those handful loans.
Scott Estes: Yes those numbers are the three operators that are in our top 10 that George referenced represent about $256 million of that $472 million totals about 55% of the total loan bucket.
Scott Estes: I think if you look at the loan interest maturity schedule, its 2011 and 2013 for some of those larger ones.
Scott Estes: I think the short answer is I think it would be flat to slightly accretive. You think about the total transaction value of $817 million, there is $381 million of debt on the properties at 5.4% and obviously we’ll use our line initially which makes it incrementally very accretive and so you use your theoretical cost of capital, but using an equity cost of something like 8% I think you can lend and assume it slightly accretive next year.
Scott Estes: Karin, situation is we have a $1 billion available and based on our current guidance net of the terms debt we basically need between $350 to $750 million of capital. So we have current availability more than enough to meet our current pipeline but as always we’ll be watching the debt and the equity markets.
Scott Estes: Hey Jerry, the short of it is about 80% or so our senior housing portfolio has at least compliant of the annual rent increase or then influenced by CPI and if you remember last year, really through most of last year that number was negative, so we kept rents flat and what we’ve actually found through the first and second quarter the year-over-year monthly CPI increase which is what it is for calculating increase there is range between roughly 3.5% at the high end and I think 2% or so at the lower end. So we’ve actually received full increase or the need in some catching up of previous year’s flat rent impact. That is in part driving the higher same store performance this quarter.
Scott Estes: It was existing, it was an operator fine portfolios of ours, so just great sale lease back transaction.Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
Scott Estes: Some of it is the tax considerations and some of it are related to debt assumptions.Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Scott Estes: Sure Tayo, you can see most of our leases would have, the typical 2.5% of approximate annual increase and as you can see even see it in some of our independent and assisted combination operators we saw as much as kind of the 5% to 6% year-over-year increases when they’re leases came up during the first half of this year because effectively what was happening was last year rents were held slight while CPI was negative and then the CPI has come back positively, we’ve been able to not only get the normal annual increase but catch up some of the rent that should have been increased in the prior year.Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company: Okay, so that’s something works. Okay, it sounds good. Thank you.
Scott Estes: As far as the differential, we’re doing a right deal versus doing a straight acquisition. I think it potentially is one property I think it could be larger spreads depending upon the growth in the RIDEA portfolio that maybe out there. Even IRRs too – I mean some of our potential IRRs on a typical triple net be on senior housing maybe more in the 9.5 to 10 range and we think we can get in excess of that based on some pretty reasonable, what do you think reasonable assumptions and in terms of growth in the Merrill Gardens portfolio as well as terminal cap rate actually using in cap rate that’s kind of higher than the growing cap rate. We still think we can just kind of at least 10% to 11% potentially and that’s kind of another way we think about the value added proposition.
John Thomas: They’ve been better than expected this year, actually much better from budget and what we were seeing last year early in the market, but still lot of pressure in the economy.
John Thomas: These are high quality assets and again they are, I think all of the – well I think these are all off-market deals and built through relationships. There is a lot of competition out there for the auction, transaction, you know, the cap rates are running kind of – 7.5 to 8.5 cap rates, kind of all market transactions. But again these are reflections of high quality systems, long-term leasing in place and really just the efforts of our origination team.
John Thomas: And I know that’s in their nine communities currently under development, and we do have exclusive rights to look at those and I believe their projected completions are over the next one to three years. If I could put the aggregate value, I think it’s about $300 million to $350 million of community value.
George Chapman: Dustin I would also add, Chapman here, that there is some pretty good pricing power in general in these high-end markets that go on with occupancy improvements. So, we are pretty bullish on it.
George Chapman: You know, it’s incorporated in our detailed models on a facility by facility basis, then I think the main point is we are comfortable saying we think the facilities will generate 5% NOI growth over time.
George Chapman: Some are in development, some are relatively new and occupancy is increasing. We hope all of them will – virtually all of them will end up being in our venture.
George Chapman: No Ross, George here, in some of those as you recall our loan, very good loans to a Florida nursing home operator in Ventas (ph), one liner and we find most of our loans to be very good and they helped to accommodate a very good series of relationships with high quality operators.
George Chapman: You’ll recall when Scott and I have talked to and talked to the street about this, so we told you and all the other analyst that we had built a program that could do a $1.5 billion per year. I think possibly we can go higher than that annually, but again it depends on opportunities. We’ve added some great people. We have great capabilities and we could clearly go beyond $2 billion a year.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
George Chapman: On your unstable progress question. Yes I think that is important and we did have four properties move up in occupancy as you referenced in our supplement and two of those four were actually entrance fee communities in Florida. The other was a combination of rental senior housing property and the other was a free standing dementia building. We are seeing nice momentum, our largest operator and two operators in the entrance fee world are doing very well, as we mentioned part of our optimism is really based on that sequential improvement. As Chap mentioned, we’re ahead of budget in terms of entrance fee moving, above entrance fee and rental components increased occupancy 3% this quarter and if I think important measure if we’re going to think about is as we looked at when we think the majority of those entrance fee communities can stabilize. We currently project between about 1.5 to 2 years and the vast majority of the entrance fee portfolio we think will meet our stabilization criteria of a blended 80% occupancy. So we’re actually getting encouraged and we’ll look at the end of the year based on where we’re at but again as we mentioned we think rents are moving up in direction.
George Chapman: Jerry it’s referencing community in Kenwood, Ohio that is one of the true, we think the (inaudible) real update in its market if the project that is just come out of construction and in July we transition this property to Senior Star who is a high quality senior housing operator that’s already in our portfolio. They will be running that community as a rental model under we think it’s an attractive long term lease featuring an incremental growth revenue component which could enhance future returns. So we’re happy to – team did a good job I think putting resolving that situation and I think probably from a metrics perspective the number we would share is obviously, we’re generalize not a home run but we think based on conservative cap rate assumptions we can still get nearer of 7% to 8% on that asset.
George Chapman: I have no closing remarks. I just want to on the behalf of the management team thank people for participating in the call and to advise you that Scott will be available for any follow-up questions. Thanks very much.
