Tom DeRosa: Thanks, Shankh. Before we begin the Q&A session, I wanted to call your attention to a press release from last week, announcing the appointment of Diana Reid to our board of directors. Diana is an accomplished and highly-respected executive with 38 years of experience across the financial services and commercial real estate industries. She most recently served as executive Vice President of the PNC Financial Services Group and executive of the bank’s commercial real estate business. She’s also held leadership positions in many prominent organizations, including the Mortgage Bankers Association, Commercial Real Estate Finance Council, the Urban Land Institute and Real Estate Roundtable. All of Welltower’s stakeholders will benefit from Diana’s extensive experience and insights and we are extremely fortunate to have someone of her caliber join our board. I’m also pleased by the fact that with Diana’s appointment, 88% of our independent directors are women and minorities. As I’ve said in the past, the diversity of our employee base, our leadership team and our board continue to be a priority at Welltower. This is not only a key component of good governance, but it is a proven driver of higher returns to shareholders. And with that, I will turn the mic back to Galen to open up the line for your questions.
Tom DeRosa: But Steve, I’d add that we’re not sellers underdressed. There are many quality sources of capital, institution investors that see the long-term value of this space and are very interested if there’s an opportunity to buy high-quality assets from us or partner in a joint venture structure with us. So, there are very active dialogues going on and that’s why I mentioned, you should expect more of this as the year progresses, there’s – I definitely want to say that definitively, but we’re pretty optimistic at this point.
Tom DeRosa: Right. Jonathan, that’s what I said earlier. our portfolio is skewed towards the higher acuity. So, these are truly people that are moving in, in this environment, have really exhausted other options. So, the social part of the senior housing model is not as important to them. They need to make sure that these seniors are getting their daily care. They can’t – that cannot be done in – by many families today in the world we’re living in, it becomes impossible, particularly if someone has dementia. So that is the profile generally of who is moving in today. They’re not as concerned about the social aspects of the senior living model, but as things start to come back to normal that once again, will become a more important attribute to the consumer. But today, it’s really all about safety and care.
Tom DeRosa: Mike, I wanted to add to that. I’m not going to name the operator, but there’s one operator in particular, who was very quick to shut the door during the first wave in California. And what I would tell you is in the second wave, they are taking new residents. So, they are needed to adjust to this COVID environment and they did that by really – by effectively shutting down. And now, when COVID back there, they are in a position to safely admit new residents. They have the right protocols and procedures in place that are enabling them to again, meet the demand for this quality of care in a residential setting in markets, where the headlines are pretty scary. but I think that’s a good indicator and it helps us explain some of the stats that you see in our deck. Why the number of cases are not spiking in our portfolio like they had back in April and may when one of the operators were blindsided, not just our operators. I mean, we all were blindsided by COVID. And so again, this could change Mike, but it’s an interesting – California is an interesting data point for us.
Tom DeRosa: So Vikram, we’re looking at opportunities across the board, all three countries obviously, just given the population and a number of product, we’re seeing more opportunities in U.S., distress or rather more favorable pricing. So far, we see across the board, not necessarily one product diverse is other, but probably more in high, high acuity and AL memory care. probably, there is more distress, because you saw the occupancy fall the most in that. And that’s pretty much I can tell you, we’re seeing, as I mentioned, we’re seeing across the coast; East Coast, West coast, we’re seeing extraordinary – we have seen some extraordinary pricing in both coasts. We’re seeing a lot of opportunities in the Midwest. We’re seeing opportunities in Texas. We are in it, our deal team, which is our legal team, our investment teams, and all the teams that support them have never been busier. but whether we will be able to what we execute on will be a function of, as I said, price and needs to be reflective of the environment that we find ourselves today.
Tom DeRosa: Yes. So, I think we touched on this, Tayo, a little bit. but as we can think about our portfolio, primarily our U.S. and UK portfolio, it’s high acuity, it’s a need-driven portfolio, right. So there is again – you can only push off this demand so much. So we’re seeing, as I mentioned that just if you think about leading indicators that just take leads. And I mentioned those in my prepared remarks, you saw a rapid decline of lead a pre-COVID first month, last month of pre-COVID is February, a significant decline, 55% decline, sort of to the trough of may and April. And by June, it was up 60%; in July, it’s now actually – in month of July, it’s approached the pre-COVID numbers of February, but if you kind of peel back the onion and you will see, there are the majority of the people are more need-driven than just lifestyle-driven. And just – that’s due to the fact that they can only push off the need that much into the future. So that’s why we think we’re seeing it. The other thing I will tell you, we have given you the absolute number, not just a percentage of number of what is going on in a community from the perspective of COVID. I hope you think given how large our portfolio is. how many units available versus the number of people in the COVID, which we mentioned 98 cases, that is a remarkable testament to the quality of care, that’s provided by our operators in those places and that reputation does matter. And that you cannot say the same thing about the industry as a whole. but our operating partners have that reputation that delivering on that reputation and that’s what attracting new residents.
Tom DeRosa: Before Shankh gives you an answer, this is that the operators just point out, this has been in place in a while, being annualized the quarter. And so sequential changes are just more pronounced. So, you’re taking the entire sequential change and you’re multiplying it by four to get to that in-place NOI number.
Tom DeRosa: Nick, I want to add something to that, what you see is people are, as Shankh mentioned, the deposit activities is good. The movements are delayed. What’s the way that move-in, I think was your question. In some cases it’s you – if I can’t visit right now on a regular basis, I can’t visit mom or dad on a regular basis. I’m going to wait till there’s some visitation – safe visitation model before I moved them in. So, they’ve secured a place, but they’re delaying until perhaps there’s some again, we’ve seen visitation allowed in many States and again, under very strict protocols. In some cases, in some States, it’s the testing. It’s bad. I don’t want my mom to be tested, to be poked and prodded twice a week. So, I’m going to wait until that settles down. So it’s elements like that. These are people that need to come in. They’ve secured a place with a deposit, but they’re waiting to the conditions might meet their needs a bit better if the situation isn’t desperate, like I need today; I need to move my dad today. I cannot take care of him anymore in the situation he’s in. So, it’s individual, it’s specific to the family and the individual, but it’s, things like that that are causing that delay.
Tom DeRosa: Yes. Josh, I think the way I thinking about that is, just with the quarter looking at kind of COVID costs, the biggest piece of it, if you think about COVID costs and roughly call 20% of that kind of PPE and cleaning. And that is likely going to be around until you have a vaccine or the pandemic has come down a lot. In saying that, I’d say the cost of PPE still likely inflated. So, the cost of requiring has come down quite a bit from the certainly March April area, but it’s still in many years, probably two x to three x, or it should be when supply chains can and completely kind of normalized, but just speaking, the kind of current pricing, if PPE cleaning makeup about 20% of that, and there’s a piece of it then that is kind of dietary and that diet therapies pieces from delivering meals to rooms, instead of running, the common or communal dining areas that will start to come down as you see some normalization of internal activities. And then lastly, the labor piece. And labor piece makes up the large majority of the cost here. And the labor piece, actually, it’s probably fair to think about in our – the deck we put out last night, we’ve got a, our trailing two-week COVID cases. And you see they peak on May 8, and that’s actually probably a very good indicator of when our labor costs are tied to COVID peak. So, April and May both have pretty high COVID related labor costs. It came down considerably into June, that’ll burn off obviously dependent on the pandemic and the prevalence of COVID-19 in our facilities. But as that come down, that labor piece is almost burned off entirely at this point. So, going forward, it gets – it’s right to think about just that kind of PPE and cleaning costs being a dominant force and then labor will be dependent on the actual prevalence of the virus.
Tom DeRosa: Yes. And the one thing we do know, Steve, is that the operators, know what they’re dealing with today. In March, April, May, they were again trying to figure out what was happening and we’re unprepared as we all were. So, I think that the positive today is that they do have the right policies, procedures in place to manage a very difficult situation, but things can change on a dime. So again, reiterating why we’re not being – looking, try to predict what’s going to happen through the rest of the year.
Tom DeRosa: Well, in the UK, it’s a very different story, Lukas. This – there is much government support for the senior housing industry in the UK. And unlike in the U.S. it did not become a target of hysteria around COVID, what’s interesting in the UK, the frontline workers in the senior care business are considered heroes like the people who work in hospitals. In the United States that’s not the case. And that’s a shame, because the healthcare workers in the senior living in post-acute care spaces have been subject to the same conditions that as healthcare workers in hospitals they faced a lot of the same challenges, and like our healthcare workers in hospitals they’re doing the best they can to meet the needs of their population. So, I’m hoping that will change in the U.S. But in the UK, it’s a different and there’s certainly more government support for the senior living industry in the UK. In Canada, remember, our business, is really more of an independent living business. The higher acuity models in Canada are government provided. So today, I can’t comment on government support in Canada coming into the independent living model – into the independent living sector, I really couldn’t comment on that. They’re both, obviously both countries are having very different healthcare system than the United States.
Shankh Mitra: Steve, that’s a very good question. If you think through at least sort of the mental model that we have, we are fundamentally looking to sell at this point assets that we think achieve pre-COVID pricing or pre-COVID IRR if we have sold those days. Our need for liquidity that we had obviously, or what we wanted to achieve in March is all now achieved at this point. So, we are looking for releasing capital from assets that we think is a testament of that long-term value. With that, we’re looking to buy assets or deploy capital, whether that’s assets or any other evitable opportunities such as our stock, unless we think there’s a substantially higher IRR that can be achieved. So that’s how we’re thinking about it. We are long-term value investors and we are not focused on quarter-to-quarter dilution as you might have noted that the sale that we executed in the quarter had $0.02 of dilution in the quarter, but we still think that achieved extraordinary pricing as well as value for the shareholders.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So, we are obviously, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are seeing different strategies, but sort of – more I will just describe that as a tweaking of pricing strategies than a wholesale changing pricing. We believe that we provide an exceptional value to customers and for which, we need to attract a certain level of staffing for what you need pricing. So, we’re not interested in compromising on that pricing or rather compromised on occupancy. So, if you look at, as I mentioned, our assisted living and memory care portfolio, RevPAR was up 1.7% even during this quarter. Now, if you think about as you lose occupancy and you were not building occupancy, you lose community fees. That obviously impacts that number in a pretty meaningful way. However, we’re not seeing any decrease of like-to-like pricing in our communities. just the reported number, Michael was impacted by bringing the lower pricing or lower price points in his apartment into the pool. If you exclude that we would have reported a RevPAR increase of 20 basis points – increase of 20 basis points relative to flat, what Tim described last call.
Shankh Mitra: So rich, as we have mentioned in, pretty much every call, our asset allocation is strategy, or really a capital allocation strategy is driven by price. in the scenario that, which you described that every asset class that we play in, remains perfectly over priced for rest of 10 years and senior housing remains perfectly underpriced for next 10 years, then yes, the description that you gave that is possible, that is rarely how things happen, obviously, right? In moments of opportunity in the – when you see in capital markets, where capital comes in and out of a sector for various reasons, you see these moments of opportunity, and that’s what we believe we’re seeing. So near-term capital allocation, you will – obviously, you’re going to see a significant increase in senior housing, but we love all of our asset classes. We love, like we love all of our children. There’s no question that we want – we remain interested in playing all different asset classes. Our incremental capital allocation strategy is a function of price, not function of love for one asset versus other. Right now today, we have never seen a better opportunity to invest in senior housing as an asset class.
Shankh Mitra: Jonathan, that is a great question, which is why you are seeing the lower acuity models, where the need of providing healthcare and social determinants of health is lower. You are seeing rates not as pronounced rate increases with – as we have described to you that we saw a slight decrease of rate. on the other hand, where the social aspect of business is very important, social aspect of the living is very important, but more important is taking care of other health issues; obviously that’s where it’s increased the rate. So, it’s an interplay between all aspects of the services that we provide, where you have more need driven, obviously residents, they will have less impact on rates in this kind of environment, where you have more lifestyle-driven residents, you will see more impact over it, just because of what you just described.
Shankh Mitra: That’s a really, really good question. Frankly, I’m extremely encouraged and positively surprised by the example, you just brought it up in your course. I was going to use that. California is probably, the only place, where you can see there’s a true second wave, right. There’s a lot of other states, where you’re seeing sort of the first big wave. I’m happy to tell you, this is why I was so encouraged by the performance of last three weeks. We haven’t seen significant admissions ban or lack of performance in California in last three weeks, that really surprised me. We reported as you can see in our presentation sort of 10 basis points of occupancy decreasing last three weeks, those are obviously rounded numbers, Mike, but if you just followed the real numbers, they were down 14 basis points, down 10 basis points; and last week, it was down 7 basis points. given California – Southern California is our largest market. Given California is obviously impact to those numbers. You would have seen a much, much worse – and a worsening impact, not an incrementally better numbers going forward.
Shankh Mitra: No. Well, I cannot sit here and tell you that I know or have any idea. I will only tell you that depended on one thing and that’s price, and expected return out of those buy and sell. If we find the opportunity to deploy capital that at an extraordinary basis, and return we’ll buy more. And if we think that we’re better off selling, because the market is providing us great value for our assets that sort of seize through these uncertain times, then we’ll sell. on a practical basis, there’s going to be a combination of both, obviously as you think through how assets – how debt gets re-priced, eventually the stress to debt service coverage, how that stress is obviously, equity. It takes time, but we’re very encouraged by what we’re seeing already seeing today. But I cannot tell sitting here on any given quarter, how those sales forces buy volumes, whether they will sort of cancel each other, one will be higher than each other. I can tell you that. it’s just purely price dependent.
Shankh Mitra: One of the things I’m going to add to that Tayo is the decision has changed today, it’s – can you – number one, is their COVID in the building. Can you take my mother or father? Are you able to take them in what – how are you going to protect them? And can you meet their needs? That is the decision chain today, because so many people have exhausted their ability to care for that relative and have been in many cases; in many markets, they’ve had no options, but just to take care of them at home or in their home and if you think about it, a lot of these residents or incoming residents, their lifestyle is being shut into a room in a house, or they’re living by themselves in an apartment with some limited, either family care or home healthcare. So, in a sense, the lifestyle component doesn’t change too much for that individual, except there’s much more security and consistency around their care program then can be achieved in a conventional hall unless you’re extremely wealthy.
Shankh Mitra: But regardless, John, you make a point, there’s no question that some of our higher acuity operators have definitely underperform. And if you add high acuity with coastal locations, that is definitely some – in some operators, we have some significant performance decline. But that is why you have a diversified portfolio, right, without getting into very specific names. But if you follow through the coastal market and then you add acuity where we saw the most decline, it is not difficult to find out who would have performed relatively better or worse. But as Tim pointed out, that you should not take one quarter when NOI declines staggering 25%, if you multiply by that four, you’re going to get very, very different results.
Shankh Mitra: First is, let me answer your second part of your question. Deposit activity is extraordinarily strong. As I pointed out the move-ins activity, which has been obviously improved, pretty meaningfully is not matching the deposit activity as people are spreading out their moving dates. That’s what I think you’re asking about. And I pointed out in my prepared remarks. I think the other part of your question was, is move-ins down from last year? Absolutely it is. If you think about what we are trying to get to at least what most analysts and investors asking, they’re trying to get to a point understand the run rate earnings power of the company. Sequential gives you that year-over-year is a function of what happened yesterday. Sequential gives you what is going to happen tomorrow. And I think that’s what sort of, we are personally with here to figure out the exact same answer anyway. What is our run rate EBITDA? But is move-in down from last year? There’s no question. Of course, you see, we have lost 500 basis points occupancy in one quarter. So, you are not at the same level of activity and it is going to take some time to come back to the same level of activity.
Shankh Mitra: And Nick, that’s why we’re not giving you our best guess scenario, our best guess that occupants will be up next quarter, right? Given the amount of activity and demand that we see in the system, you would think that, just from that, we will be indicating that occupancy will be up. We’re not, because we wanted to see that hesitation. So it gets at least for next three months, we want to see how that plays out before we tell you that we feel that the consumers are coming back in-house. We’re not saying that we want to see how that plays out.
Shankh Mitra: Steve, to your second question, do we – are we here to sit down and predict when move-in and move-out across the world will absolutely not. You tell us how you think COVID will play out, and we’ll tell you how that will transition to a numbers. We’re only telling you what we have seen until yesterday. We’re not going to sit here and predict what might happen tomorrow given the uncertainty of this environment. We’re encouraged by what we have seen. We’re also obviously telling you that we’re very cautious, that things can change anytime. So, we’ll obviously not going to sit here and predict when those two will across the world. But we haven’t – we are very, very encouraged that it can very close last week.
Shankh Mitra: Dan, I am not only concerned, I’m paranoid about everything that changes investment returns. So that’s why, in this uncertain environment, the price needs to reflect that uncertainty, right? But I do think the industry is coming to a point where you can underwrite different scenarios and then price that in, at the end of the day, we deploy capital to make money for our shareholders. There’s no guaranteed return. If we wanted guaranteed return, we’ll be buying government bonds. But we do think that, today, as opposed to 90 days ago, one sector is reaching a point where you can underwrite, and you can price in uncertainties of the various things that you mentioned. So, we’ll see how it plays out, but we do believe that at the end of the day, if the revenue characteristic, the cash flow characteristics, not just revenue, the cash flow characteristic of an asset comes down. What we’ll do with that will depress returns and obviously that means that will depress future development, if there’s no returns developers will not chase the assets and ultimately demand and supply will balance. That is true for any capital intensive business, so, will not be any different here as well. But you’re raising some very, very good points and we are not only concerned. We’re also paranoid about those things, and we’re trying to do the best we can from top down sort of data analytics approach to bottom up, value investing approach and I sort of described on my prepared remarks, however, bringing those together.
Shankh Mitra: And Sarah, as you think through, we’re not obviously going to speculate, but as Tim talked about it, that’s how we think about it. As you think through our numbers and try to get to your best guess, just remember our reported numbers still include a very large tenant that we have already restructured and announced to the street, which is Capital Senior. That’s already still in those numbers there will be out the next two quarters, but that has already happened.
Shankh Mitra: Yeah. So, Tayo, we’re reading the same things that you’re reading. This is inappropriate for us to speculate on what additional government funding might be or might not be coming to this space. So, we’ll just leave that for future discussions. But we’re encouraged by the support that post-acute industry has seen so far.
Shankh Mitra: Thank you for trying Tayo, I’ll remain the same answer that it is an inappropriate venue for us to speculate on the future state government action as well.
Tim McHugh: I would just add to that, from Shankh’s, point at this point, who you’re seeing move-in, as you’ve seen move-in to pick up are really going to be your most needs-based resident. So, the value proposition from high-quality care, which – and then reputation, which is where our operators sit within these markets, has probably never been higher. So, there could be a point when things actually start to pick up and you see the incremental demand come back, where pricing comes into that equation. Just given where – how suboptimal occupancy is across most markets. But at this point, pricing is in what’s driving incremental occupancy, it’s not driving the marginal customer and it’s truly, really a needs-based client that’s coming in.
Tim McHugh: Thanks, Steve. It’s Tim. I’ll start with your question on move-in bans, and then Shankh can answer your second question. I think I just kind of re categorize your comment on our operators being on any offensive. I think our operators being very smart about the way that they’re admitting residents. And I think you’re correct in what we’ll call it kind of outright admissions bans and Tom kind of made this point about California with one of our operators that kind of voluntarily moved to admissions bans in first wave, the second wave they’re admitting presidents. But certainly the admission protocol is extremely heightened. And that gets a little bit Tom’s point on even some of the hitting of that protocol being part of the reason why you’re not seeing people choose to move-in. But I think part of what we’ve seen so far is, as you’ve seen the cases spiked nationally again, you’ve seen cases within our facilities move-up, but stay very controlled and start to come back down the last two weeks. And I think that’s actually, it’s symbolic of the admissions protocol working very well. So, do I think, the actual admissions bans you’re correct, that will be driven more so by probably state and local municipalities. And then obviously the building itself when there is an actual case of COVID, but the building, the operators themselves, I think, are just being very cautious about admitting. So, that’s playing a role here. But the actual bans will be more driven by governing bodies.
Tim McHugh: Yes. So, as I said in my prepared remarks, the Triple-Net business and senior housing in two different structures. And so that wins have been felt by every day business, there’s certainly being felt on the Triple-Net side. There’s some differences given the different product mix in location, but what I said, last quarter and more repeat again, is that the economics long-term have to support the rents. And I think that’s something we’ve talked about a lot on calls the last three years. Did we restructured a lot of these rents and got ahead of some of this is that operators see the long-term opportunities asset class, and want to remain in these buildings and in control of the buildings. And so the thought of there being kind of a rent reset based just on current economics, I think is somewhat misplaced. So, and you look at rent collection and it remains very strong in this space as well. So, I think in general there’s no – we’re not here to say that the economics underlying these properties been challenged and there will be certainly conversations around how the economics and the rent a line and we were prepared to have those. But at this time, I think the best we can do is continue to see where rents go and flush and stay high and we’ll continue to observe that and report to the market.
