Mark Ordan: Julie and Greg described the company whose turnaround is underway and real. This is not an exercise in financial rebalancing but an across the board drives forward. Our team, thanks to the best brand in Senior Living, a very strong paying spirit as we determine long-term effort has steadily solidified our balance sheet restored our fighting culture and positioned our return to profitability and we expect growth.  Greg sighted the latest two transactions with both HCP and Ventas and their important effect on us. These are the two leading capital partners in Senior Housing and we are proud of both relationships. Well in both cases we had to work through difficulties, we have added and are determined to continue to add value to our portfolios and to our product. We are very pleased to be able to move forward and we do what we need to do to enjoy both a long-term relationship and one that maximizes value for both companies.  As Greg said with HCP, we now manage a very strong growing high margin portfolio. With Ventas, where we have always enjoyed a strong partner relationships, we are very pleased to continue to manage the entire portfolio and expect to do so for many years.  As Julie detailed, Sunrise has taken advantage of the stabilizing economy and the many organizational changes we've made to enjoy its 5 straight months of occupancy gains along with the overall revenue growth. Our overhead has steadily declined, with our transaction expenses as Julie mentioned is now approaching a forecast of $100 million run rate. Our overall and lead course debt levels have both declined great. Our line bank balance as Greg mentioned is now at 0, a 100% reduction from our recent high of $95 million.  Now that our only relationship with our bank group is a $16 million of letters of credit, we will seek to establish our full banking relationship based on a reputation as a solid client with those what it says we’ll do. We like most companies still have stresses on a portfolio. We hope that we have demonstrated in the unshakeable conviction to move Sunrise from tough to prosperous times. We have no magic wand to make problems disappear but we'll continue to fight hard of half of our residents, team members, capital partners and investors.  For the past two years, many have asked, “Where is Sunrise going?” Some who asks this assume that the answer was into the scrappy. Well, we don't think so and I would like to tell you why. Sunrise is the only company in Senior Living with an unbroken 30-year mission of service to seniors and we will continue that for a long time to come. Our team, our supportive founders, our board and 35,000 dedicated team members grow stronger by the day. Last week we celebrated the success of 19 communities, who won huge awards in our simply the best contest, the grand prize went to a team in East Cobb in Atlanta, who proved that a committed Sunrise team can do amazing things. We have many examples of this. And that this led to our recent success. We are determined to have the very best people who in turn make our residents life special every day. We are moving slower as we said we would to be a strong profitable company. Over the coming months, we want you to learn more about Sunrise and about how our pieces stick together. Today, we are 320 committees in many contractually distinct portfolios united under one brand. We are working to take every non-productive cost out of our system and our overhead at the community level but we're doing this without ever chipping into the things that have made Sunrise special.  At the same time, we have to make sure that Sunrise is very competitive market-by-market and community-by-community. We also operate in a highly regulated environment. And we look forward to one of our nation's foremost regulators joining the Sunrise team in a couple of weeks to help make us a stronger more competitive organization and at the forefront of revelatory compliance excellence. We believe that the combination of our initiatives will drive us forward. We will strengthen our balance sheet and reach profitability. We intend to grow both inside and we are profitable by increasing our stake in the properties we manage. We'll continue to strengthen our brand and services while increasing our efficiency by driving down costs. Let me assure you that we love the opportunity before us to merge our brand in strength, time-tested mission, financial stability, deferred demographics and a great supply demand imbalance. In summary, we are far stronger and stable shape than in years. We are gearing Sunrise towards profitability, solid asset values and enhanced balance sheet for the future. My team and I are most excited and determined to move down this path. We thank you for your support. Operetta will open the lines for questions.
Mark Ordan: As we've said now for a few quarters we are looking at opportunities where we can own more of our assets. And we think that there are possible opportunities in some of our JVs to reconstruct where we are, so we are possible where we are going to look to do that if we think we have a proven record of adding value to real assets. So we like that part of the business.
Mark Ordan: Well certainly like to the atria and other transactions we see we see like in the capital markets just the other thing that’s great is that we have. We have pools of extremely high performing, high-margin assets. So that certainly makes it a lot easier. We think some of our portfolios are absolutely best of class. 
Mark Ordan: We don’t anticipate any exchange in that number so we think this is the size of the company and unless we get there. 
Mark Ordan: I can’t forecast where occupancy is going to go. My point is that when a company gets stronger, it gets stronger overall. Its not enough to be stronger in pockets. And I think that’s true to Sunrise and I think that that does in a competitive world, I'm not ashamed to say lead to a fighting spirit and we should be competing for market share based on our brand, based on the care that we give to our residence, based on the 30 years of mission that was well articulated and built by Paul and Terry and many of the people. So we just think that that leads to increasing strength and if the economy is stable to growing we think we will atleast get our share of the pie. 
Mark Ordan: Great then we thank everybody for as I said earlier on behalf of the team your support and we wish you all a great day and holiday season. 
