Scott Brinker: Thank you, Tom. I may kick off with investment activity. Our deep relationships drove $2.2 billion of carefully selected investments last quarter. The vast majority was follow-on activity with our existing partners and was sourced in private negotiations. As a result the blended initial yield has a healthy 6.9% well above our cost of capital. The list of repeat clients was long and included Revera, Benchmark, Avery, Belmont Village, Cascade, Brandywine, Mainstreet, Genesis, Signature, Kelsey-Seybold, and Merrill Gardens. We have a simple but highly disciplined investment strategy, high quality real estate, trusted operating partners and aligned interest. Our partners continue to bring us opportunities that meet these criteria. What is equally exciting is that our network of partners is growing, last quarter we added two new relationships, the first is Oakmont, who develops and operates Class A senior housing properties in California. We acquired two of the new developments which achieved stabilized occupancy and just for in nine months respectively. The second is Aspen, a leading private pay hospital provider in the UK We completed a sale lease back on their four crown jewels, there is a nice presentation about the Aspen investment on our website. The properties are located in extremely affluent densely populated sub markets in London, which is now our number three market. London is joined by New York, Philadelphia, Boston and Los Angles in our top five. We listen to your feedback and included lots of detail about our investments and dispositions in the earnings release. All assets are not created equal; the cap rate tells only part of the story so we're making a major push to tell you more about our investments and our existing portfolio. Our experience is that higher quality real estate reached a superior, more resilient growth. And by virtually any metric and against any benchmark we compare very favorably and a wide growth rental rates, building age, local income and housing values. Scott Estes will you more about our enhanced disclosure. Speaking of high quality real estate earlier this week we agreed to sell our life science interest back to Forest City or $574 million which is a five cap on forward NOI that pricing underscores inherent value of only class A real estate. We will recycle the capital just as we've done one roughly $3 billion of asset sales in the past five years. We saw the benefit last quarter of having built the diversified portfolio; we posted 3% same-store growth in the operating portfolio despite of flu season that significantly impacted occupancy in many of our core markets such as the U.K., Canada, New England and Mid Atlantic. The National Health Departments report that flu related hospitalizations increased over last year by roughly 90% in the U.S., 70% in UK and 50% in Canada. The flu caused in unusual despite and move outs that we estimate reduced occupancy by 100 basis points and reduced NOI growth by at least 150 basis points. Importantly, the spike in move out is a temporary issue. The demand remains strong across the portfolio, moving activity continues to be excellent and rental rates were up 3% versus last year. The Flu season was long this year, so occupancy hit a trough in mid to late April and only recently begin to improve. As a result same-store growth in the operating portfolio will likely to be low single-digit in 2Q then move higher to the second half of the year as occupancy gather momentum. Looking through the unusual circumstances this winter, the fundamentals of the business remains strong. Our operating partners are universally positive about the outlook. Moving to triple net seniors housing, same-store NOI grew 3.4% last quarter. It’s an excellent result that is once again well above inflation. As a reminder we don’t include any fee related income in any of same-store metrics. We think this provide a more accurate picture of underlying performance. Turning to post-acute and long-term care, our rental income is well secured and growing consistently. Same-store NOI grew 3.1% last quarter. Genesis just reported an excellent first quarter particularly in our portfolio with solid expense control and improved occupancy and queue mix. They expect to be headed towards 1.4 times corporate level payment coverage by year end with upside thereafter. Next up is outpatient medical; this business segment continues to turn out predictable steady growth. Same-store NOI increased 2.8% last quarter, a convenience and low cost of outpatient care at in great demand from consumers, payers and providers and our platform is well positioned to capitalize. In summary. our deep relationships best-in-class portfolio continued to deliver shareholder value. Scott Estes will now discuss our financial results.
Scott Brinker: It’s Scott Brinker responding. The last two quarters were really below our quarters from an investment standpoint, an average of 2 billion per quarter, that’s not the right run rate. Those were unusually high; it was just opportunistic, the consistent theme now is our partners are bringing us these opportunities. And that does lead to more consistent and higher volume of deal flows and I think most of our peers would see. So the outlook is strong, the underlying thesis I think is fantastic, but 2 billion per quarter is definitely at the high end of what we would expect.
Scott Brinker: It was not part of it overall strategy to start doing more loans, when we do a loan it is with a important partner and Genesis certainly qualifies. This skilled health portfolio include a lot of owned assets and there was a big loan secured by those assets, it couldn’t be assumed by Genesis as part of the merger. To get the deal done, they asked us to help out and we were happy to do that. It is really a transformative deal for Genesis, materially changes their operating platform as well as their financial statements in a positive way. So this loan will be outstanding for roughly a year, we will make a nice return and Genesis will end up being a substantially stronger company today but also a year from now. So it was really one time in nature and this is not a change in strategy where we’re going to move away from doing high end private pay, high end locations that will remain our investment strategy.
Scott Brinker: The only thing I would add is that the modern post acute buildings are still generating about $400 million of investment volume a year for us, through the Mainstreet partnership, those are all acquisition of brand new buildings with providers that we want to do business with like Genesis and Ensign, so we like that business, the yields are good, and I think the fundamentals of the business are good.
Scott Estes: Yes, that’s right Nick. It should be in the same neighborhood as the first quarter just because of the dip in occupancy. It took a while to bounce back this year. , move outs great; unfortunately, move outs continue to be way above normal until late April.
Scott Estes: Yes, well, I mean what we saw, Nick, in the first quarter was unprecedented in terms of the flu season particularly in the UK was something that we would have never anticipated and, I think, the fact that we were able to report what we’ve reported is a tribute to our operating model because it could have been worse.
Scott Estes: Yes, Mike, I would also just pointed that public company evaluations because it really is a different business, the hospital provided in the U.S. tend to trade it seven or eight times even a very best ones, where as in the UK there was multiplies and more like 10 or 11, 12 times, because it’s just a different business. Tom mentioned how much of the revenues from an outpatient, from outpatient services, which just needs the better pricing power, more stable demand. So I think if their label is hospitals but it’s important to think about them is different business and there is a pretty long history of the propco-opco structure in this sector and the lease yields have been very low overtimes. We actually feel like the yield we got is remarkably high given the locations and now credit quality from Tenet, these are $5 billion equity market company with $2 billion of EBITDA.
Scott Estes: London always had a very well developed private acute care hospital system. You don’t see that to the same extent in other countries in Europe but there are some. Spain has a private pay acute care hospital systems and very good hospitals. You see them in few other countries, but I would say no country in Europe has developed what the UK is developed over many years.
Scott Estes: Hey Josh, really more of the latter, I think we feel great about where the balance sheet it today, I think the other way you could ask that question is do you think leverage goes back up from here and I think no, I don’t think we need to push it down a lot more but I think there is a noticeable difference from where we were and it gives us the flexibility to access really both equity or debt market in the future when new volumes play out.
Scott Estes: Well, there is plenty of activity and we passed on at least $10 billion of acquisitions in the last couple of quarters. We were fortunate have the lowest cost of capital inter-sector which means that if you want the deal we can get it. But we passed on a lot of them. They continue to be available, there are lots of people looking and make there is investments. We’re focused on our partners in a high quality asset they tend to be off market. So we look all the big strategic things and everyone once in a while, one makes and we have the ability to win those.
Scott Estes: Yes it’s more, it’s both. But it is primarily asset quality. I mean I guess at the right price you consider owning the lower quality assets but that is really not our model.
Scott Estes: And Vik a lot of it goes to the whole hub and spoke strategy that many of the premier hospitals are trying to build now, so how do you drive population to the core acute care hospital there is often in urban location. So many of the major hospital systems in the country are focused on developing good quality outpatient medical outside of the core market in order to drive traffic, drive population into the beds in the core. And we want to be part of that.
Scott Estes: No, Dan, I think that’s the right summary, the important point is that we’ve partnered with the leading providers across the continuum and it makes a great deal of sense for them to work together because no one company is going to be able to do everything. That’s just the reality of the way the health system is evolving, is it’s going to be critical to form partnerships among providers to deliver great care. That is why healthcare is going and that’s how we’re shaping our investment strategy.
Scott Estes: It’s the sponsoring health system on 19 of our medical office properties in the U.S. Its a million square feet.
Scott Estes: First question is, secured debt is part of the payoffs, what is it guys, $174 million in secured debt that will come off as a part of the far city disposition.
Scott Estes: As Tom said, that was really a opportunistic decision in terms of to vacate the Forest City and we’re always looking at the balance sheet from a bigger picture perspective. We like to keep secured debt low on the 10% range and when we acquire assets and have some debt on it we like to have that availability and the try to pay it off and its we are able to.
Scott Estes: Rich, that’s right. When I look at, say the Riviera portfolio that we bought, it’s a $650 million joint-venture, and we own 75% and we’ve been talking to them since early 2012 and we knew the assets were coming. The benchmark investment in New England, $360 million, a similar timeline; four years of discussion. So, it’s this - there are a lot of other properties out there that we know will come at some point and as Tom mention it’s a matter of the right timing. You know, we’re happy to be patient.
Scott Estes: Yes, Rich, I would say that senior housing is still in the early days of its evolution and professionalization at that level. They are excellent at providing care, which is why the businesses of successful and there is great demand for the product, but in terms of sophistication in things like revenue management, it’s still very, very early. We think these great opportunity. Its one thing that makes the business so exciting is that it’s doing well even though we think there’s a lot of room for improvement.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes, I think that’s right Nick. It could end up being a bit below 5% for the full year just because of the weak first half of the year. The run rate, I think, we remain confident is in that 5% range. So, there’s really what we’re focused on. The operators are very positive about what they’re seeing in the facility level. We just had a [Indiscernible].
Thomas DeRosa: You know Nick, I think that’s it’s important for both the equity and debt investors to understand that these RIDEA investments have been made associated with operating investments, asset management investments, technology investments on our end. This is not a passive investment for us and I think that when people see how we manage that business and the amount of people and resources we devote to it, I think that they get comfortable with it. They get comfortable that we can drive the upside that you believe that we can generate from having that percentage of RIDEA in our business model.
Thomas DeRosa: I think the rating agencies, as they spend more time with us will get as comfortable with it as you are.
Thomas DeRosa: I think, here are some other good markets in the UK and if there, again, we’re generally focused on investing in private pay assets in affluent markets. That’s our strategy. So there maybe assets that will become available in some of the better markets outside of London, and we’d certainly consider them.
Thomas DeRosa: Well, Smedes, you know that London has a very international population, I mean I lived there and was not able to use the National Health Service, we had to use private healthcare. So I would say the ex-pack community has grown exponentially since I lived there in the early 2000. So there is a strong market there, there has always been a market of people that travel to London for healthcare, and then you have many people that are opting out of the NHS because of the fact that they don’t want to wait for certain types of surgeries. And the NHS is plagued by the dreaded queue as they call it for surgical procedures. So many people will opt to bypass the NHS, the other piece of this is that the NHS will often look to the hospitals that we bought as places to put patients in where they cannot treat them properly in their system, they may not have beds available. So often times any empty beds are filled by NHS by people covered by the NHS.
Thomas DeRosa: Josh we like to own real estate, we are not looking to use our low cost of capital to book some high yield loans. In this case for Genesis it makes - this loan makes is a bridge for Genesis to owning real estate, makes them a stronger company, but that is not an area that we are focused on for new investment volume. We want to own real estate.
Thomas DeRosa: The more important part of the calculus is who is the partner, where is the assets, we tend not to get too worked up about 10 or 20 basis points on the yield, the real question to us is whether this is a partner that really meets our standards and Oakmont and Aspen did, they own the types of assets that we want to own, they continually grow their business, your acquisition in development and we think they will come to us to help and do that and that is really the important part of our calculus not whether the yield is 6.1 or 5.9 over time much more focused on partnering with the right providers and owning the right real estate.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes, it’s all about passing on the lowest cost of capital to our operating partners. That’s our covenant with them. So, we really pay close attention to our balance sheet and we want to make it as strong as possible, so it gives us the most flexibility.
Thomas DeRosa: You know, this was an opportunistic acquisition for us. When we made it, it was a time when capital was quite constrained and Forest City approached us and it was an outstanding asset; we made the investment. Today, as I said, it was an opportunistic sale for us. We think it’s a tremendous return. It’s a great strategic asset for Forest City to own as a change their business platform a bit and I would caution anybody to not read into it as we’re not interested in the life sciences sector. It’s just that this asset was an opportunistic acquisition and an opportunistic sale.
Thomas DeRosa: We view life sciences as being in an asset class that would be important to certain academic medical centers that we endeavor to do business with at some point in our history. So, as you establish a relationship with one of the major academic medical centers in the country, there may be life sciences assets that they may need for a partner to own, manage, finance. So, we keep ourselves open in that respect. We’re not interested in broadly going out and building a portfolio in life sciences really outside of what we might do with an academic medical system.
Thomas DeRosa: Sure. I think we’re moving in the right direction and there are opportunities and it’s important to us to make sure that agencies take time to come to Toledo and learn how we run the company and they’ve been doing that, which is great. So, we’re optimistic. We can hope moving in the right direction and I think maintaining the leveraged and credit metrics where they are right now combined with the quality of the portfolio and our ability to watch it and monitor it and have great people in place. I think, we have great potential to move up another notch or two.
Thomas DeRosa: We’ve already done it. We’ve accomplished that and there are some of those assets that makes sense for us that we have in our portfolio today. And it’s not a big number. So there is no reason for us to be thinking of doing any kind of larger portfolios so.
Thomas DeRosa: No. I mean, younger is always better to less CapEx, we tend to have a one modern floor but a key question for us, is always who is the prior honor and how much money did they invest, so that’s an important question that maybe age of the building doesn’t always reflect and equally important is where is the building located. If you are in a high quality location in Toronto or London, it’s okay to own an old building, it’s almost a replaceable real estate as long as it’s been maintained, that can be a very profitable building and we have a lot of those. But it’s different if you are in newer world secondary market with a 30 year old building; those are the types that I think are really challenging to own.
Thomas DeRosa: We have so much on our plates in the U.S., Canada, and the UK that’s hard for us to really be thinking about places as far away as Asia. So I would say Asia today just not fit prominently no our radar screen. But we pay attention to what’s happening over there, I’ve been over to Asia, and I can tell you that although even healthcare REITs in Japan. So there is a need for what we do there. But today is it where we’re focused I’d say now.
Thomas DeRosa: On balance, we think it’s positive but because we are largely a private pay company it doesn’t dramatically affect our business.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes the U.S. was strong in the first quarter despite a challenging winter in New England in the Mid-Atlantic, so it is 5% plus growth in the RIDEA portfolio nationwide U.S., UK was down almost 4% and that’s because debt related move outs were up more than 125% and being it was highly unusual and that is starting to bounce back. Movement continues to be really strong in the UK and the move out activity fortunately have stabilized. So you will start to see that pick up again that the first quarter was unusually bad in the UK.
Thomas DeRosa: I think there are two questions there, we haven’t seen a material change between IL and AL and our portfolio is pretty equally balanced between the two. I think that was your first question and then the second one in terms of new supply in our markets, it hasn’t really changed in the past two years, it has been pretty flat.
Thomas DeRosa: We like both. What we don’t like is off campus that is not affiliated with the health system, those are the MOBs that really don’t pursue it all, they make up a very, very small percentage of our total portfolio but we are happy, on campus properties as long you get health system in the hospitals where you are gaining market share but you’re right, a lot of the new construction today is off campus and that is because that is where the people live. People want convenience, they want low cost, that means building new properties in the suburbs where the wealthy people live, it is where there is job growth and people are moving. So when you look at the newer asset that we are either buying or developing they tend to be located off campus just because that is where healthcare is moving, that is where these hospitals are increasingly delivering care.
Thomas DeRosa: Maybe, I’ll start with the last one. I think we’re in early days of operators collaborating. we always point people to Voorhees New Jersey because it’s an example. If you speak to Genesis, you speak to Virtua, you speak to Brandywine, they will all say that their performance is better because of their location, adjacent to each other, and the communication that they’ve established. We think connectivity is the future of healthcare delivery and it’s one of the reasons why we’re excited by the hospital acquisition we made in London. We have a big investment in London. We think it’s among the very best markets in the world where you could have the concentration of real estate assets and we believe that creating connectivity between our elder care network and those acute-care hospitals is going to drive better performance. We’ve seen it in - we’ve seen it here in the US, but Dan, it is early days in this. Typically, hospitals saw themselves as the beginning and end of healthcare delivery, and we are encouraged by the dialogues we have with major hospital systems that they are moving away from that view. That they know they have to work with the post acute and senior housing operators in their catchment areas, but it’s early days, and Scott you want to comment on any kind of merger activity you think or combinations in the space, even though we never comment on a M&A.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes, we’re not aware of anybody thinking about a move towards vertical integration that they should be. I think it’s really the opposite of that, Dan.
Thomas DeRosa: Dan, John Goody, who runs our London office, has had a long relationship with the Aspen hospital group in London. So, he’s been speaking - he’s had a relationship with Mark Hopser who ran that for many, many years. So, this has been on our radar screen for a long time. We have - HCN has a close relationship with Welsh Carson, so this is something we have been circling long before we ever knew Tenet was going to be involved here and we think that’s a positive. We already have - what is it Scott, about a billion dollars of…
Thomas DeRosa: A million square feet, not a billion dollars. A million square feet with Tenet and today, and we’d like to think that this is going to draw us closer together with Tenet and we see Tenet as a growing acute care hospital company and, , I would hope that there are lots of things we can do together in the future.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes. That’s been the trend in the last six months, Dan, for sure. Maybe that slows down, now that the treasury is up a bit, and some other healthcare REIT stock prices have come down a bit. But what my counter balance that is that the big institutions that have a historically look at our space are starting to look pretty closely and I’m talking about foreign pension funds in insurance companies in particular that have a lot of money and are scared away by low yields, healthcare real estate still looked really attractive by comparison, and those are the world’s biggest investors, not to our lot of the wealth resides if they start coming into our business in a major way. You are going to see property values escalate.
Thomas DeRosa: I got to tell you that, the cap rate with - Aspen is a great operator and Tenets is a great operator and this is extraordinary real estate. So the cap rate was set independent of Tenet. When we negotiated this transaction Tenet was not in the picture, it happened later and had it come to market today with Tenet being operator perhaps people might have put a premium on it. But understand these have been extremely well run and there’s been lots of investment on Aspin, Welsh Carson has invested lots of money in these assets. When you go see them Todd, you will be impressed. You would be very happy, to spend to either have a day surgery at one of these hospitals or spend a night if you had to in one of these hospitals, they are really extraordinary assets at extraordinary locations. The cap rate reflects that.
Thomas DeRosa: I’d say that we haven’t really thought about it like that we think that we think we paid a good price for these assets. And I think they will become more valuable as we connect them to our other healthcare assets in London. I think that will make that more valuable certainly.
Thomas DeRosa: Juan we have greatly expanded dialogs and established some relationships with some of the sovereign wealth larger pension funds in the usual suspects you would expect us to and we made great headway there, many of them have visited us here in Toledo and they have done significant due diligence about investing with HealthCare REIT and I think they’ve all been very happy, they’ve seen as you can imagine they would be most interested in the types of assets that we’re interested in which are often in major metropolitan markets and I would say that outpatient medical is the most easy asset class for them to get their hands around. So if work, if you were to see any kind of joint venture investments with those types of names it would likely be in the outpatient medical space.
Thomas DeRosa: Juan that remains to be seen, I think that where we would be helpful to them because as you know they’re not invested in the space. So they would be leveraging our expertise whereas they don’t need if they are investing in simple business district office with a REIT, they would perhaps need less of their expertise because they’ve been invested in that asset class for many for decades. So we expect that there is some level of fees that we would be able to capture and but mostly associated with if we were in the outpatient medical space with the fact that we have a medical office management company. So that is an area that is a value component that we bring to the mix when we enter into such a joint venture.
Thomas DeRosa: Historically, Juan those hospitals that we would be interested in have very low cost access to capital, what we’re hoping with some of those systems is that at some point they may look to partner with us and there are other real estate assets not necessarily their hospitals but perhaps their outpatient assets which most of them continue to own and manage internally. So I would say that is where we are more focused on, if we could own some of those hospitals that certainly something we might be interested in. But again any interest we have in acute care would be in line of what we’re in be in line with what we’re articulating which is we want to be in the major markets in the U.S., Canada and the UK. We’re not really interested in secondary cities in tertiary markets particularly to own acute care in those types of markets.
Thomas DeRosa: I would say that discussions with Aspen Hospitals started to move along probably seven months ago. Yet you got to understand Rich, John has had a continuing dialogue with Aspen - with the London team for Aspen for a lot of years. So, you know, this was not something that happened overnight. This is not something that came through a broker. This was something that came out of a relationship. You also have to know that Scott Estes has a very close relationship with Welsh Carson. So, you know, the reasons why this - you know, why we wind up owning this. This is something that everyone in healthcare real estate would have loved to have owned these assets, but we own them.
Thomas DeRosa: I’d say no. I’d say no. I’d say that remember that so many of our operators - again, you have to come back to - so much of our new investment growth is coming from our existing operators and eight is a matter of when it makes sense for them, essentially to transfer that ownership to us.
Thomas DeRosa: Rich, if Angelina Jolie or anyone of her children got sick when she was making a movie in London, I can assure you she’d be very happy to bring them to Parkside Hospital.
Thomas DeRosa: We have, Rich; and it’s actually built into our G&A for this year and we are - you know, stay tuned on that.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks for the time. Just wondering if you could speak to any opportunities you guys may see to partner with sovereign, pension, or insurance companies, noting that they are significantly more interested in the space than they have been historically, and what kind of fees you may be able to generate, and maybe what kind of assets they are most interested in
Juan Sanabria: Okay. What kind of fees do you think you could generate? What value do you provide them, for them to..
Juan Sanabria: Great; thanks. Then just one more for me on the hospital side. Obviously you guys seem to be very focused on the gateway global cities. But do you have any interest in dominant hospitals in other top CBD or maybe even secondary markets outside of UK, London, New York
