John Goodey: Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. I’m excited to joined HCN at such a strong time for us. Our international investment plan will follow HCN’s well proven investment and partnering strategy, and is highly focused and foolproof. We see it as a logical progressive extension to our U.S. investment platform. With the opening of our expanded international office in London, we believe HCN is in an advantage position and able to develop sustainable leadership in our chosen international markets. HCN has already build a number one position in the attractive UK prime elderly market, which is essentially the same as the U.S. assisted living industry. Importantly, we are seeing strong same-store NOI and rental coverage increases across our UK portfolio. Working with our existing UK partners and beyond, we have a pipeline of high quality developments and investment opportunities; and as Scott said, we believe we will be active in the near term. Hopefully in the future, we will have the opportunity to host some of you in our new London office and tell you more about our investment opportunities. With that, I'll hand over to Scott Estes, our CFO.
John Goodey: Sure. So I think firstly we are following the same model we have in the U.S., so our partners are brining us opportunities both in the developments and in the acquisitions, and you know obviously our sort of near $2 billion investment in the UK will give you an idea of where those opportunities in the short term will lie. Yeah I think beyond that obviously we’ve titled it international as opposed to UK. So I think we do look over time to clearly look internationally. But I think again we’ll follow the same sort of strategy that we’ve used here in the U.S. and in the UK, and do that in a measured way, and do it only in the best markets and with the best operators. I think it’s probably a little bit premature right now to say, we see this or this country as the absolute preferred country within Europe or beyond. But I think as we go forward we’ll be able to give a little bit more guidance on that, but right now, I’d say we’ve got a great pipeline of opportunity with our existing operators and within our existing country the UK.Emmanuel Korchman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Great. Thanks guys.
John Goodey: Sure. I think clearly and mathematically clearly the opportunity for us to grow the percentage because of the leverage of percentage Europe international and the U.S portfolio. I would say there is enough opportunity for us to, significantly change that if we wish, but we will be judicious in working out, and working on only the best transactions for us, but I would think mathematically, I would hope it will increase over time.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Thanks, Scott. I want to close by thanking everyone on our call for your support by awarding HCN the highest multiple among our peers. You recognize the unique value in our platform, a platform that can deliver the type of strong predictable results we’re sharing today, quarter-after-quarter. HCN’s business is different, we’re deeply engaged in the healthcare industry, not just as a source of capital. We are unique in establishing a setup quantitative metrics and qualitative initiatives to help drive the seniors housing, skilled nursing and post-acute, MOB and acute care delivery systems forward. Together with our partners, we are developing the most of effective environments to improve healthcare outcomes. Here’s a simple message; we are keeping people out of acute care hospital beds, that’s the key to driving down healthcare costs and living within the Affordable Healthcare Act. It’s a big and important job, and HCN is uniquely qualified to do it. Holy, please open up the line for questions.
Thomas J. DeRosa: I would say that, no negatives come to mind. I think the surprise for me was how deeply connected the management team here is to the operators. That was something that, as a former director of the company, I can honestly say, I didn’t have a strong and appreciation for. And now actually having met all of our operators and spent time with them, it’s really a – it’s such a differentiator for this company, and something that I want to make sure that is really appreciated by everyone on this call. And those are not on this call, because that is what is allowing this company really to deliver the kind of results that we delivered today.Vikram Malhotra – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks guys, and congrats on the strong results.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Hey, Rich.Richard Charles Anderson – Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: So a couple of questions, in terms of the International, can you, John, can you give us a sense of the, kind of the acquisition or investment pipeline that you’re seeing today, I mean what’s the level of deal volume that’s out there, and I think you’ll close on all of it, but that you may looking at.
Thomas J. DeRosa: At most. It’s probably lower than that given how much of the play is senior housing, and medical office.Richard Charles Anderson – Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.:  Okay. So I got, thank you.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Sure, Juan, it was 7.7 for the whole portfolio. The U.S. was pretty much in line with number, and then the UK was higher and Canada was lower, so similar trends till last quarter.Juan Sanabria – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that’s it from me. Thank you.
Thomas J. DeRosa: We do own the medical office building that’s attach to it. It’s a hospital in California that was expensive to build, and the lease rate was maybe just higher than the hospital wants to pay. So it’s a mutually good outcome, we’ll continue to own the outpatient medical building that’s attached, and the hospital is essentially buying the real estate back from us.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Well, we hope it's a good run rate number. It's kind of hard to exceed, one thing that we are on into as even though the business is doing fantastic and occupancy is trending up, compared to quarters are just getting higher and higher as a threshold. So, we hope we can grow 8% rather that seems unlikely, despite the quality of the real estate, what we’ve told people though, and we continue to believe is that, we think we’ll outperform this sector consistently, because of the quality of the real estate and the operators.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Our market is definitely competitive. That’s not surprising to us. The risk adjusted cap ratio is really strong against alternatives in the real estate space. So it isn’t surprising to us to see new capital coming to the space. With yields in the mid-6s like last quarter, we can still make a pretty strong spread or profit. Hopefully that continues. We do have a pretty significant pipeline. We’ll see if it closes. So I think that’s a reasonable estimate for where we’re trying to place deals, Michael.Michael Carroll – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks.
Thomas J. DeRosa: I’m just giving you an NOI figure, so no CapEx deduction, which is typically all, the market report cap rates.Nicholas Yulico – UBS Investment Bank:  Okay. So mid-5 cap rate for Sunrise for the $6 billion.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Yeah. I think that’s true. And I think it goes to what I was, the point I was making before, Nick about just the New York City metropolitan area how difficult it is, for instance you’d be hard for us to find good quality seniors housing beds on the island of Manhattan. So, it’s – these markets are, they are toughs. But they need to have seniors housing alternatives.Nicholas Yulico – UBS Investment Bank: All right. Thanks everyone.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Sure. We clearly deserve a better rating.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: Okay, that’s it from me. Thanks.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Yeah, I think from a – we are well invested in our relationship in UK environment, so we have extremely good contact with all of the providers there on the prime elderly side as well as in the other sub sectors there. I think given our footprint a bit like the U.S. for sure given our capability of generating investment opportunities from within our existing portfolio, it’s clearly going to be lead of what we do in the next 12 to 18 months. We’ll come out of the UK prime elderly just because of the backdrop which we found ourselves in. I think we clearly want to grow outside of that, that’s our plan. As we’ve mentioned a couple of times before, some of these will be opportunistic as well as that’s trying to deliver proprietary transactions. That’s very hard to give you a balanced sense to say we envisage 50%, prime elderly of 50% other things or 25% in the consent extra. But I think we will continue to place our model over the opportunities we see in the marketplace to see what they fits us and working on that basis, we drive the absolute potentials that we deliver.Michael Mueller – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay, that’s it. Thanks.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Yes, well any building will be in one category or the others and some to our point will be purely post-acute and some will be almost purely posted long-term care. So we haven’t quite determined exactly what that dividing line will be but that’s the concept.
Thomas J. DeRosa: I am sure some has in its push back (indiscernible) on the equvalibrum and we hear about that from variety of sources occasionally.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors:  But Michael for the last three or four years, the average rate growth in the operating portfolio is in the 3.5% to 4% as an average. And that’s roughly twice the national average that is reported by NIC. It’s also got twice the rate of inflation. You know part of that is the fact that occupancy has which is moved higher more but more importantly just where the bills are located. And afterwards sounded them in the higher quarterly. The buildings are provided a service that people are going to pay right. Michael, I think you’ve recently toured some of our LA area properties?Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors:  Yeah that’s right.
Scott M. Brinker: I would say it’s more flat, I mean it bounces around quarter-to-quarter depending upon the season, but overall it’s pretty flat.Omotayo T. Okusanya – Jefferies LLC: Great. Okay, that’s helpful. Then second of – could you just talk a little bit, the environment in general for doing big acquisitions, I mean, on each quarter you guys continue to do very well with the original operators, but the world of billion dollar deals whether its seniors housing or MOB or what have you. What that were looks like – there will be a lot of transactions out there, what cap rates look like, who is bidding for this stuff responsibly winning some other stuff that kind of color would be helpful.
Scott M. Brinker: This is Scott Brinker speaking. I mean based on comparable transaction we’ve seen recently, and adjusting for the quality of our portfolio, I’d put senior housing little higher than 6%, same for medical office and skilled nursing is an interesting one. It’s…Richard Charles Anderson – Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Careful Scott, I got my NAV model open here. So I’m just ready for the cap rate number.
Scott M. Brinker: We’re in the low-60s, so let’s see where you can come up. Skilled nursing is an interesting one. It’s about 15% of our NOI, and we really think of that as two separate businesses. There’s a post-acute business.Richard Charles Anderson – Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Right.
Scott M. Brinker: Hi, Josh, it’s Scott speaking. I would say there is a handful of operators in the U.S., UK and Canada that we’d like to add to the portfolio, but its not a huge number most of our growth is going to be with existing partners. And I think that tells you another thing which is its very difficult to reproduce the market position that we are in. We feel strongly that the high quality operators are a scarce asset. And the investment majority of them have chosen to partner with HCN. So anyone hoping to partner with the caliber of partners that we have, we’ll be looking for a long time because they’re just not out there.
Scott M. Brinker: I think a little above there. I do think people have grown comfortable with our development capabilities. So overtime look about they come from again, they come from relationships.Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Great, thank you.
Scott A. Estes: Well, we didn’t participate in the last two, and they reported a yield around 6% or assets that at least in our mind were not of the quality of things that we’re buying. So that gives you a sense of where our bigger portfolios are trading at least for senior housing?Omotayo T. Okusanya – Jefferies LLC:  Okay
Scott A. Estes: Josh, how are you doing? It’s Scott Estes, I’ll start with our, the mix of the $450 million approximately for the year. So, within that $450 million projection overall about 70% of that is hospital assets that 15% skilled nursing 10% MOB and maybe 5% seniors housing. And yes the specific increase there is one potential sale that we think we’re could get among this year that was the driver of the increase, but Scott Brinker, any color you'd add to that.
Scott A. Estes: I am trying to think about that. We don’t have specific numbers in front of us. Obviously in the supplements, you can see where the same store occupancy was trending in the third and fourth quarter of the year. It was only about 88.8%, 89.2% in the third and fourth quarter of last year were up to 89.3% as of this quarter. So the point is that it’s a reasonably high number but if it does well we can still enhance occupancy.Nicholas Yulico – UBS Investment Bank: Okay. One way or another it seems like the third quarter and fourth quarter year-over-year same store numbers, you reported that segment December unlike the 4% to 5% range. That sound alright? I mean if you’ve already 8% year-to-date.
Scott A. Estes: Yeah, we would help to do better than that, we will see it’s possible. I mean (indiscernible) to say if we end up getting in 5% to 6% that should keep to you a great number and I stand by Scott Brinker’s comments that we still think that our relative portfolio performance will be great vis-à-vis the other assets in that category.Nicholas Yulico – UBS Investment Bank: Yeah I mean that's what I was asking about the occupancy because it seems like in this quarter, you had the occupancy is going up, you had rate went up 3%. So whether those trends – it seems like the occupancy – unless there's a tough occupancy comp in the second half, it seems like your guidance here seems very doable for senior housing, and operating. And it's probably going to exceed that. Unless there's some occupancy issue we don't know about.
Scott A. Estes: No material impact, so its inline with expectations, it’s better than we’ve seen in certain recent year. So, that should allow them to maintain coverage.Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Scott A. Estes: Yeah, there is definitely a framework that we think about that guides all decisions. But we have to be opportunistic at some level and take what's available. But the important piece for us is that always buy a highest quality assets in back the top quality providers. That’s the most important decision, but we do think about the portfolio allocation in a strategic way and we don’t want to get too far out of balance.
Scott A. Estes: I do have it, Rob. In short that number should go down a bit more to a first quarter levels in the second half of the year, and with that line is – where HCN is a minority owner, so if there’s a thing such as transaction cost around the Sunrise management company deal or SRG acquisition where we’re a minority owner, there’s accelerated amortization of intangibles. So that number is a little bit higher by that $4.5 million this quarter, but it should essentially not be there next quarter.
Scott A. Estes: I think we’ll always recycle some level of assets and look to be proactive in managing the portfolio but my guess would be and it feels like the strategic disposition effort is winding down. So I think it would be a lower number than you’ve seen on average over the last two or three years.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then on the balance sheet, Tom, we were all pleased to see the equity offering and see that leverage come down a little bit. Just curious your sense or Scott, your sense of how much more improvement you anticipate over the next couple of years with respect to your leverage and sort of turning to the last recent question that I asked about cost of debt and balance sheet.
Scott A. Estes: Yeah. We look at all possibilities Michael and I think that is what’s important to us is having as many ores in the capital waters as possible and we’ll always do – every decision we make is based on what’s in the best interest of the shareholder and that’s how we manage our balance sheet. And again, we are exploring lots of different ways to attract capital here knowing that the capital markets may not always be accommodating as they’ve been in the last few years. So again, flexibility is most – is paramount here.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors:  Okay. Thanks for answering all the questions. We’d like to see even lower leverage. Thank you.
