Shankh Mitra: Thanks, Tim. I wanted to conclude this call by addressing something that you -- we usually don't talk about and that is our comprehensive team. We have completed -- completely overhauled and upgraded our team and this was a multi-year effort building out new areas such as predictive analytics to create a truly scalable platform. With extremely low volunteer turnover, we continue to hire the best and the brightest to further deepen our capital allocation expertise. Historically, the majority of the alpha we created have been through astute raising or deployment of capital. Over the last 15 months, though, we have also built out an industry-leading and, frankly, a very significant development team under the leadership of Mike Ferry and Ayesha Menon. The last piece of this puzzle is building out our operational excellence and asset management capabilities. This started with the hiring of John in 2021. John is building out a world-class team that will accelerate value creation for our shareholders for years to come. We have added a net 51 people last year and we're likely to add another 80 new colleagues in 2022. Many of you who follow our company closely understand that our asset platform is like a coil spring today. We spent heavily during the pandemic, but most of these assets are sitting with low occupancy and thus cash flow, which is about to be released and surge forward to realize its full value. Similarly the people side of our business platform is also a coil spring today. You are only seeing them in G&A line, but their full contribution to the revenue line will be seen in 2023 and beyond. With that, operator, please open up the call for questions.
Shankh Mitra: Fantastic question Jonathan. As I said right now I can think of two operators that in US particularly -- this is a US-specific comment and they'll probably be the same for UK and Canada, that I can think of two specific operators that we don't have relationship today that I want to have a relationship. One of them we already have had shaken our hands this quarter and likely probably we're going to talk about it next quarter's call. So, what you are likely to see that means is we generally have the operator base the platform that we wanted to build. You would recall that before pandemic we talked about with you that we have a map, right? And in that map we have different ideas of where the different types of acuities of assets should be and what kind of operator should be running those, right? We kind of generally feel out that map. Now, what you're going to see we're going to go deep. Instead of going broad which you have seen over the last, call it 18 to 24 months, you're going to see us go very deep. And that sort of talks about -- we have a slide on our presentation you can see that we talked about give or take this 25 to 30 relationships across all asset classes not just senior housing, senior housing, medical office, and wireless housing. All three platforms that we are growing pretty significantly that we think creates a very significant opportunity of external and growth that we estimate could be an upwards of $2.5 billion, $3 billion a year for a decade to come. But that's sort of how we're thinking about it. It's going deep instead of going broad but we'll talk about hopefully another exceptional operator relationship next quarter.
Shankh Mitra: Vikram, to answer your second question, we are getting you back to the pre-COVID margin on that slide. I think you're referring to slide 17. There is no question that, if you have pricing power that will improve. But remember, you also have higher labor cost. So to the extent that, you have higher pricing power in excess of higher labor costs, you will see upside to that margin. But it is getting you back to margin Q4 of 2019 margin for the portfolio that was there in Q4 of 2019.
Shankh Mitra: Has anything changed? The answer is, yes. So if you think about, what we have been saying that, we are mostly focused on what we have been buying – as you can see the average age of those assets would indicate, they are the children of supply over cycle of 15 to 19, right? What you had is disruption from the revenue side because of all these variants. Then you had a disruption from the cost side because of our employee situation that we talk about. Something changed there, yes something has in the last call it 45 days. And that is what you didn't have is the pressure from financing cost. All construction loans are made on LIBOR, right? Pretty much all construction loans, a variable LIBOR-based loan. And obviously, if you look at the – how the outlook for Fed has changed over the last call it 45 to 60 days, you can imagine that third pressure is just about to come which is higher financing cost. So something has changed. And now going back is this a level of acquisition possible or beatable. The answer to that question is very simple. We're not a volume-driven investor. We're a value-driven investor. If the volume is there to create part share value we will do it. If not, we will not do it. That's just a simple how to allocate capital. The success of a team is not measured at least our team in our opinion is not the growth of the enterprise but part share value creation for existing shareholders. So as long as that opportunity is there we'll absolutely do it.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So on the revenue side we're assuming 420 basis points of occupancy increase on a year-over-year basis driving that 10% revenue growth. So the remainder of that revenue growth is being driven by rate. And on the expense side, I think the best way to look at it is sequentially, we're talking a lot about agency labor. We are assuming a sequential reduction in agency labor about 10% from the fourth quarter to the first quarter in that pool. And that's supported by early trends we've seen in the quarter.
Shankh Mitra: Hey, Rich. John just talked about that. The street rate comments I made is a net effective rent. And you are seeing because obviously, the concessions that were given, the lack of community fees that you had, the effective net street rate is moving up because of that. Not necessarily, the pace is moving but the net effective rent is moving, we continue to see. In fact we have seen some – a couple of our operators have now moved street rate at Well [ph] In-Place rent, a couple of our very large operators have gotten much closer. So it's a pretty encouraging sort of it as we look in the future. Tim just walked you through at our 10% guidance, means, from a rate and occupancy perspective. And that sort of gives you the second answer to that question, right? So we are a shop. We're focused on ultimately optimization of revenue, not necessarily one component of the revenue. And on top of that you have to think about, one component of the revenue comes with higher cost, which is labor, right, if you just occupancy, which obviously rate doesn't. So we're trying to optimize all of those things together and that sort of blends to what we talked about which is a 10-ish percent revenue growth in Q1, 15% NOI growth in Q1, and that NOI growth should continue to accelerate as we get to the year for two reasons, right? One is, as you build occupancy, you will get obviously your marginal margin will expand obviously, right? So that's one point. Second, you will get a continuation of sort of burn-off of the agency labor that you got. So that's sort of two of these things together, you will get an acceleration of NOI growth as we get to the second half of the year. 
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So, first, you said the magic word, excluding any more new variants, right? So that's a very important what you mentioned there. And despite that I'm not going to venture a guess of what it will look like. I will tell you there are a couple of things to think about. Last year you got a massive disruption in Q1. You've got a significant occupancy loss, you started at a big hole and you had to climb up that hole to get to a point where on an average basis you can build out documents. So you don't have that problem this year, right? John talked about January, our occupancy from point to point is down 20 basis points, which is probably will make this January the best January we ever had seasonality perspective. So, you don't have a hole to climb out. Second, you have better demographics this year. You can see the demographics is building. So we have more demand there and that's sort of playing out for all the leads and other data that John disclosed on his script card, you have a significantly lower number of deliveries this year, right? So -- and then if you -- under your assumption if we don't get hit by four waves like we did last year, and hopefully, that will translate into better occupancy growth. I'm not going to comment on any specific operator or try to sort of venture a guess of what entire year is going to look like. However, the table is set. If all of these things we just discussed lay out, we'll see a better year. But we're long-term investors. We're not focused on how occupancy plays out this quarter versus that quarter, but we're pretty optimistic because of what the underlying trends we see in the marketplace.
Shankh Mitra: Mike, we're not going to get into a specific deal, let alone things within the specific deals, right? Obviously as you know how these things play out is that you sign a confidentiality agreement with the seller. We're not going to get into it. We have talked about I believe in the last call that what we like about that transaction is A, the price per unit was very attractive to us; B, some of the underlying land ultimately as you were thinking about real estate investment you have to think about the dart, exceptional dart; and three, we think there is value to be created because of what these assets are and the lands that come with it and what you can do with this only. With all of those three combined we're very excited about the portfolio we got, but we're not going to get into economics of a specific deal, let alone different parts of that deal. That just will put us in a significant violation of a confidential agreement that we have signed.
Shankh Mitra: Yeah. Connor, I answered this question earlier. I'm just going to repeat what I said. What changed is there's a hard stress that's coming. And that's because majority of construction loans are done on a floating rate basis if not all of them are done on a floating rate basis. And you have a very significant potential increase of LIBOR that's coming to the pipe that will put even more stress in the system. And the second point is we're not cap rate buyers. It is hard to cap rate is a stabilized concept. Senior housing is anywhere but stabilized at this point. I do not expect cap rates even if you're talking about in the context of stabilized cap rate, I do not believe there is going to be a significant compression. In fact, I think a lot of institutional investors are looking at all asset classes including many we own and that we talked about historically that underlying growth rate versus inflation at sudden CapEx makes no sense, right? I've talked about for example for quarters after quarters that given the outlook of what the forward curve was telling you inflation breakeven and others. It made no sense to me for what people who are paying for MOBs with 2% growth rate. Finally, it seems like there is a obviously a understanding on the institutional investor side, people are waking up to say what did I buy for this and how do I make return? So I think there has to be a reconciliation of when you look at your IRR, you have to think about what is the real growth versus the nominal growth. And that's going to show up. That's going to show up at your exit. And we're long-term IRR buyers. We think through these things and that's why we refuse to chase the market. You have seen that for years and years we have done and there was not going to be any difference in that discipline going forward.
Shankh Mitra: Very good question. It's extremely astute observation. Look at 2020 and look at how many billions we sold. And if you looked at the disposition you will see sales were done on a multiple of the buys, right? I don't know exactly what the number is, but it is likely to be multiple of that $24 million $26 million that we mentioned. We want to buy retail and sell -- buy wholesale and sell retail. That's what we do right?  Fundamentally no matter what investment class you are it's something very simple how you make money is buy low, sell high. Right? That ultimately is how you allocate capital to make money. So portfolio when there's a lot of hunger in the market to buy a certain asset class portfolio premiums that we are. So you go sell portfolios but you buy smaller assets I think we mentioned that $5.7 billion we bought median size of the transaction not median-sized of the building median size of the transaction was $26 million. That's how we create real value. 
Shankh Mitra: No. Each area is improving across the board. The starting point that we're at right now is of course pretty low. So, the bar is low to build from as we get to an optimal level which would be substantially higher your question is a good question and there may be some things that become more apparent. But at this point in time everything is working across the Board.
Shankh Mitra: But Mike remember, all of our triple-net senior housing portfolio is in US and UK, right? And Syou can see how much that cash flow is sort of inflected or expected to be inflected this year, because they're obviously on cash, the underlying NOI is what we eat and that underlying NOI is going up significantly, which is translating into that same-store triple-net growth expectation that Tim just gave you. In other words, we took the hit by putting it obviously on cash recognition Tim talked about that, on many calls. Now, we're on the other side of that.
Shankh Mitra: Sure. That's a great question, and we've done an awful lot of studies on that particular issue leveraging our data analytics team. The interesting thing that, we found is it gets back to my comment on stress identifies opportunities and issues. And when looking at it closely, clearly, some markets can have a level of stress specific to that market. But then when you dig deeper in you find out that, tremendous amount of assets have zero labor and selected assets have a lot of agency – selective assets have a lot of agency. The cause of that is a combination of in some cases Omicron came in and had a material impact on a great amount of staff, which is no surprise. In other cases, my belief frankly is a leadership. And that's partly, what gives me great optimism in moving forward and solving this, because the leadership issues are solvable. And the leadership issues, this is one indication, but they also tie to other issues occupancy et cetera. So this frankly helps us identify some situations that will – as we make adjustments, we'll improve things going forward dramatically. So hopefully, that's helpful. Thank you.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So, Jordan, why don't I start and Tim will finish. First is, I understand Q1 is seasonally a weak period from an occupancy standpoint. So as John talked about, we're down in January about 20 basis points. And we're kind of thinking obviously, the sales activity picked up pretty significantly, tours have picked up. And we're thinking as sales picked up you get some lag, right, call it 20 to 30 days lag from sales to occupancy. So that kind of puts you at sort of towards the end of the quarter. So you don't have a lot of time to pick up that occupancy, right? So that sort of -- I wouldn't call that a conservative, right? I would call that what we think was going to happen. The up and downs and who cares. But just sort of generally speaking, I want you to understand what we're thinking about. You are right, I mean, that will on average, quarter average, Q1, occupancy goes down about 70, 80 basis points. So you get sequentially flat, which will probably put an average of flat significant year-over-year growth. That's a pretty good outcome, because you have to think about what that means for the rest of the year, right? It's not about just Q1 days. The second point is, look, I mean, I am pretty disappointed about the bottom line results in Q4. There's no two ways about it. We did not expect that Omicron will hit us like the way it did. And frankly speaking, there's 45 more days to go in the quarter. And as we have seen, it's highly infectious where it comes and how that can impact you quarter-to-quarter, Jordan, who knows, right? I mean we're focused on what's the real run rate earnings power of the platform. And what we see is pretty exciting, at least, what we see today. But it's hard to get into specifics or when things happen. You have an operating business, right, which is driving the marginal differences, try to get very, very sort of prescriptive about how exactly things are going to play out. It's hard to comment.
Shankh Mitra: Well, it's both. No doubt about it, it's both. And when you look at the fourth quarter some more color on that is you've got some health care workers all of the health care workers who have worked unbelievably, they tirelessly worked and did not take PTO for a long, long period of time. So, you had increased PTOs that occurred around the holiday season and then you add in Omicron and you get the result of agency. So, agency is usually two to three times the rate and it got as high as 6x. It's surge pricing kind of like Uber. So, as that backs away that will lower the expense regardless of the hours. But again going back to my comments the reality is each of the operators have workflows in play to increase hiring and they're all working. So, it was just a unique situation. The combination of the PTO and Omicron that came. So, I am confident that it won't be a long-term item in the industry. But exactly how it abates is it will be over time.
Shankh Mitra: The idea is to expand the JV to reflect the fact that UK society is aging just like US society is aging and there is a lack of high-quality product. If you think about Rubin own a lot of extraordinary prime lands and billings obviously around the United Kingdom. And we're looking at a lot of opportunities to grow the platform and that could include trophy assets just like you mentioned that Sunrise at East 56th Street, which by the way opened this quarter and is doing pretty well. If you are in New York, you want to visit the asset let us know. Finally, through all the noise of the COVID and we're seeing some very early demand story there, which is playing out pretty well. But it can be, but doesn't have to be just trophy assets.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So, a couple of things. First, is our MOB pipeline is actually pretty meaningful. I don't know then what's in the south versus what's been reported and not reported. I can tell you that the MOB pipeline is very, very significant. It's 1 million plus square feet that's fully leased. So it's probably not been reported yet. What you see is reported as a senior housing is because we don't separate out what senior housing for while it was housing business, it's all reported as one bucket. But a very substantial portion of our development activity is all the wellness side of the house, rather than on the senior side of the house. On the senior side of the house, they're very targeted, but they're very large buildings, right? So think about -- I'll give you an example. I mean, is 56 Street, which is delivered that's a $300 million asset. You think about 1001 Van Ness that's roughly a $300 million asset. Hudson Yards is a $400-plus million asset. Brooklyn is $150 million assets, right? We talked about Kisco, it's $170 million assets talking about too. So, you have very few assets there that is substantial, that does make a difference to the number. But from a number of properties perspective, they're actually not that high. And the reason being, frankly speaking, other than very special situations, right? Think about where 1001 Van Ness, it's going to be the most trophy building in San Francisco period and full stop. I think about Brooklyn, now the fact that we got something entitled in Brooklyn in Middle a Fisher Hill, right next to the Brooklyn Country Club that should have taken probably 15 years to do, right? So just -- so it's a special opportunity. And that's why we're executing. But other than that, senior housing development today in my opinion doesn't make a lot of sense. And the reason, it doesn't make a lot of sense is you don't know where the ultimate labor cost adjusted rent will land. You just don't know that. And there is no reason to go and guess that. And just obviously if you're doing for your own capital if you're a for-fee developer or a fee-only operator, which is mostly the people who are I'm seeing starting that help in these days because they have no money on the line, right? If it works out, it's great. I have a promote if it doesn't, somebody else lost money. So I just don't see how that works particularly in the context of very high cost and higher financing costs, right? So it just goes back to my point that I made earlier on LIBOR based and floating rate base construction loan industry. So we are thinking about giving you additional disclosure sometime this year about what's the wellness side of the house versus the senior side of the house and we'll get to that. But majority of our new activity is on the wellness side of the house where we're a lot more confident on where the margin lands and frankly speaking their cap rates are much, much, much tighter to create value on the acquisition side, so our focus on the development. And you're going to see as I said the pipeline is very strong on the development side and that's just coming through. I said -- I'll finish it by saying what you have said on that question a very important one, I still -- no one has explained me how someone makes money in a significant inflationary environment on a real basis, not on a nominal basis with an asset class that grows 2% with a 40% cap rate when your inflation is much higher. So somebody's yet to explain me that. And unless I believe that will not be active on the acquisition side. You saw we bought a small MOB portfolio, which was a high-quality portfolio in Arbor we bought. We bought it at a 5.5 cap, which I have said for multiple years, it gives you the right level of IRR.
