Scott Estes: It's Scott. I'd like to provide a little more color for you and everyone. I think we've seen our portfolio in the industry manage through reimbursement cycles many times. That is why we do underwrite specific coverages of about 2x our Skilled Nursing portfolio. And I would note that our portfolio coverage is actually up about 20 to 30 basis points over the last 4 or 5 years. I think including -- or thinking about the impact of what was announced, the decision, in our opinion, to issue 2 proposals by CMS signals, I think, the need to discuss and acknowledges the meaningful uncertainty of only using 3 months of preliminary data. As a result, we're probably in the camp of most people where we think the most likely outcome will be similar between the positive 1.5% to the 11.3% reduction and potentially be baked in over a period of time. In the past, I think one main point is in our current portfolio, it actually doesn't reflect the full impact of the RUGs-IV benefit. And as we've looked at our portfolio and even some of the public companies have started to report generally you've seen Medicare rates up 10% to 15% per day. So we have not even seen that impact in our coverages. So even if we think about coverages, which again are very strong at 2.4x currently, those are the key numbers you can start from and don't even yet reflect the full benefit. And the one thing I might clarify, too, from George's comments, we actually did look at the stratification of our existing portfolio, and we found out that 99% of our operators within our portfolio cover in excess of 1.7x.
Scott Estes: If I could add, too, Scott. This is Scott Estes. And we did speak with George Hager over the weekend, and Scott has been taking about the changes. I like to point out, you're right that specifically a worst-case scenario ignores their ability to lower cost, which I know they're thinking about. And it also, I think more importantly, ignores their ability to increase quality mix over time. As we talked about, we're looking for about 55% quality mix this year, but the ability to expand to the mid 60s over the next five years or so as we've talked to many of you about is I think much more important and speaks to George Chapman's comments about why we're comfortable with [indiscernible] about upside in terms of coverage in that portfolio.
Scott Estes: Sure, James. I think $300 million probably is our best estimate at this point. It's a mix of generally skilled nursing assets, as well as some senior housing assets. I would say it looks to me that about $110 million of what has not happened yet is severed loans. And if I had to weigh the portfolio, it looks to me that about $150 million of it could actually happen in the second quarter. So it weighted earlier in the year from this point out.
Scott Estes: Yes. I think it was $26 million in the first quarter or so. Probably $100 million a year or so in the second. And then you can model it evenly throughout the last 2.
Scott Estes: Sure. This is Scott. I think the best way to think about it is you're correct. We advertise an annualized impact of the Genesis deal at $0.39 FFO benefit and $0.29 just to ad. I think by closing the deal on April 1, the 3 quarters of the year would reduce the $0.39 and $0.29 to about $0.29 and $0.22, respectively. And then you would lower each of those numbers by about $0.22. And the net result has been in the $0.07 net [indiscernible] increase on FFO and maintaining that guidance flat. The components of the $0.22 by our estimation are the $0.08 of capital carrying costs from the capital we raised in March. And then probably that $0.12 from upsizing our deals basically by sitting here in a position where we have our line available and actually sitting on cash as opposed to having a little bit of borrowings on the line, probably about $400 million to $500 million difference makes a very big difference to the tune of giving us future earnings growth potential by having that whole line capacity available. But that would be relative to our previous guidance. So and -- and the other small piece was Capital Senior Living deal closed in April versus what we had originally estimated to be February. So I think that those are the pieces that should hopefully connect the dots for you.
Scott Estes: It's virtually all we think of the Skilled Nursing portfolio would be in a master, larger master lease.
Scott Estes: Yes, Karin. You're exactly right. The addition of both the Silverado and Senior Star -- Senior Star is [indiscernible] Silverado has a number of assets that didn't fill up. Net portfolio is slightly lower, somewhere in the mid 70s occupancy line. So in aggregate, we reduced the number there just slightly, but that's no reason.
Scott Estes: I don't in front of me, but I know from our general expectations that the overall portfolio we do think there’s room to improve occupancy. I would categorize the Merrill Gardens and the Benchmark portfolios as stable, and they’re in the low 60% occupancy. And then you have the Senior Star and Silverado portfolios, [indiscernible] fill-up assets somewhere in the 70s and growing quite nicely. It comprises the remainder of the portfolio.
Scott Estes: I'll take that, Jerry. This is Scott. I'd say we're very comfortable. I think the -- what we’re seeing on the rate side and, obviously, we can try to give you guys some sense. We obviously did not have the investments in our portfolio a year ago, thus we began reporting once we did acquire them. But because you have the environment where you have some assets [indiscernible], I think if you will all recall when we announced these deals, we were basically assuming about a 5% longer-term NOI growth out of the Merrill Gardens and the Benchmark portfolios. And that's what they've generated historically. And then even for example Silverado, I recall, with an increase of 7.5% return this year going to 8.5%, talking about 13% growth. And Senior Star is similar, much more significant growth. So I think putting it all together and if you look at the same-store results this quarter because of the assets and fill-ups, the percentages would be extremely high. So again, long term, we still think everything's filling up nicely and are comfortable with 5% or better on average for the portfolio for the long term.
Scott Estes: I can tell you, Tayo, I was talking to George Hager yesterday. They currently believe their fiscal 2012 Medicaid average rate increase will be positive 1%.
Scott Estes: Understood. We hear your point. I'm thinking if we do think of it though as an aggregate portfolio and I do -- I know we'll be happy to give same-store results and add any aggregate portfolio and we will endeavor to extract some more color to give everyone a sense of how the individual components are doing.
George Chapman: Well, we look at this as a triple-net lease investment to begin with, with the opportunity to benefit at some appropriate time as a result of our option. And now there's another overview comment I'd add to Scott's and that is that over the years -- over our 42-year history doing skilled nursing, skilled nursing has always been a very cost-effective platform, probably the most cost-effective efficient platform in healthcare. And while the approach or the services have changed a bit, we certainly move to much higher acuity customers, folks that used to be in hospitals, we've also moved to shorter lengths of stay, which has maintained the reputation of skilled nursing as a very cost-effective way to deliver necessary care. So I really would add -- my general comment would be that we really think the enhanced collaboration between the operators and CMS and the others and working off common data that they will drive should lead to a very palatable final rule.
George Chapman: Rich, I'd like to comment, too. I think Scott made a -- the elder Scott, Scott Estes, made a very good point. And that is that all of these operators are very adept at responding to if not getting ahead of some of the new proposals or final rules. And George Hager and his team are already working on significant cost reductions as well. So I think we're going to adapt very well.
George Chapman: Well, we're not going to comment on the size of the pipeline. But we continue to see really good projects. But we were, I think all of us a bit surprised at how large our investments were in 2010 and early 2011. And I think probably we'll slow a bit, but we never know. I mean, if you look at HCP and Ventas and ourselves, we had a great run, and there is still consolidation occurring in senior housing. And for that matter, we at Health Care REIT who do a lot of MOBs in acute care are seeing some opportunities as well in medical facilities. We're just not prepared to predict, Karin, how large our pipeline might be, but we are seeing -- we continue to see very good opportunity.
George Chapman: We're still seeing more senior housing, increasing numbers of SNF packages. We're seeing [indiscernible] potential deals. We're seeing it all right now. I think everybody is really amazing, consolidating in the sector at this point.
George Chapman: We just had [indiscernible] our largest CCRC operator. And they are doing particularly well on the rental healthcare component, even adding units to his facilities and filling them very quickly. The CCRCs continue to move at pace, Jerry, unduly quickly. The economy and especially the housing market hasn't turned up, so it's just going to be very much blocking and tackling, and he is doing a very good job with it. We're pleased with our portfolio.
George Chapman: Well, I think that all of us should be looking at when the pricing becomes difficult to justify. The pricing, frankly, has moved up as some of the larger transactions have been announced. So we'll just see who applies the discipline and who doesn't. We certainly look at that every week and understand why you're asking the question. We do internally as well, and presumably Jay and Bev [ph] are doing it as well. We'll see.
George Chapman: Well, yields moved down probably 50 basis points or so on Assisted Living. And Independent Living has always been sort of a mystery as to how low they can get depending on the quality of assets.
George Chapman: Well, we clearly didn’t head to market exactly right on the CCRCs and we're not doing more but we're doing fine with them. They're very good assets, and probably in many respects the continuum of care, Jerry, in senior housing is going to be the wave of the future with a very small percentage allocated to volumes. So I wouldn't worry about that. But in terms of how we run the company, we're at 4% development right now. And as you well know, we've had great acquisition opportunities, both in senior housing and in John’s space on the medical facility side. So we're not going to be doing a lot. We have some limits that we sort of placed as goals on both Chuck Herman and John Thomas. But we, on the other hand, do believe that especially right now in medical facilities that the opportunity to take advantage of the need for capital in great health systems and the ability to pre-lease it 80%, 85% level presents some opportunities that we're going to seize. But we think those kind of developments where we move directly from development to stable are pretty attractive. But we're always going to measure our development.
George Chapman: And, Jerry, I think that our goal is to not only do some state-of-the-art more customer-centric facilities, but also use this as an opportunity to deepen our relationships like we've done in senior housing and to do more monetizations of their more modern and existing facilities as well. So we have a clear goal to deepen relationships with 10, 15 hospitals as we go along and to continue to do all of their business, not just the development.
George Chapman: No, I think we tend not to do was our greenfield developments with new customers with very small exceptions. It's mainly master lease deals with some of our great operating partners or our [indiscernible] lease partners who we’ve been in business with for 10, 15, 20 years. We feel very comfortable with that. And as you know, the development is not keeping pace with the growth in demand. And it's a very good time to do very selective development to add to an already very strong master lease portfolio.
George Chapman: No, just again, all of us thank you for your participation. And we will be available for follow-up questions as needed. Thank you.
John Thomas: This is John Thomas. I'll start with the Nashville project. That is a development site. It’s adjacent to the ATA headquarters and HCA's flagship hospital there in Nashville where they are land constrained. We have an MOB there. And there's also a large physician practice facility on the location. So between Vanderbilt and some Life Sciences opportunities and other discussions in that market and the HCA campus opportunity, we had a kind of an inside track on the opportunity to purchase that. We will not develop that until leases are signed, as is our general practice, and we'll take a conservative approach to that. We're having very good discussions with a number of institutional tenants about the potential there.
John Thomas: It'll be our core competency of either healthcare, direct healthcare or life sciences, healthcare related to the academic opportunities in that market. The mixed-use development and other things is really the broader plan that the city has for that location. And the key driver of this was the mayor's plans and development of a bridge connecting that site to West End Avenue. So again, very optimistic and very good inside opportunity for us. But again, we will not move forward in the development until leases are signed and consistent with our normal conservative element of practices. As far as the rest of our development portfolio, we moved 3 projects to completion in the first quarter. One, Loma Linda University Medical Center physician office building a month early and 98% occupancy. We just -- we had the grand opening of that facility yesterday, but rents commenced in March. Other projects that are in the development right now are on time, on schedule, frankly moving ahead of schedule in most cases and in a very conservative high-occupancy fashion.
John Thomas: This is John. Two of those are in the Northwest, anchored by the leading hospital system. They are a large ambulatory, freestanding emergency rooms with physician office space. So great affiliated suburban projects. And again as I mentioned, they opened early. And the occupancy on those is right at 80% kind of hospital and the freestanding physician space and yielding close to 8%. The largest project was the Loma Linda University Medical Center physician office building. It's 160,000 feet. As I mentioned, it opened a month early and 98% filled and initial yield right at 9%.
John Thomas: On the medical -- [indiscernible] larger 100,000, 150,000-foot affiliated medical office buildings pre-leased at, at least 80%. I think our overall development pipeline of what's broken ground and pre-leased is closer to 85% to 87%. And again they're all with leading healthcare systems, all affiliated. The largest project under construction right now that's referenced in the book is almost a 300,000-foot physician office building for the New Virtua Hospital Campus in Vorhees, just not too far from Philadelphia. And that project is about 85% pre-leased at this point and includes a substantial amount of hospital space and thus hospital leasing.
John Thomas: Jerry, this is John Thomas. I failed to mention and should have in both in March and in April, we completed 2 large hospital projects, as well. So everything we've got currently in process or under -- in the near term starts or in large ambulatory care centers. Every one of them, all of it’s affiliated with leading healthcare systems and all of it’s coming through our relationships that -- where they look to us to help them grow their organizations. But Loma Linda, we just completed that hospital, and they started paying rent in April, as well. So you'll see that the next quarter but -- some $220 million hospital project. So everything we've got under construction right now is very conservative, but larger ambulatory care centers affiliated with hospitals.
Jerry Doctrow: So you're seeing a little bit of incremental sales and [indiscernible] occupancy on the entrance fee side but not much. Is that sort of the way to…
Jerry Doctrow: And last one for me. I don't want to repeat this step, but just on the coverage numbers on the Genesis stuff, there was a lot of numbers thrown out. So when you talk about sort of the 1.5 sort of your original underwritten numbers which was sort of a hybrid between 3 and 4 and then you talked about it being 2 now, and then I think you talked about it sort of worst-case being 1.2 to 1.3, so are those sort of trailing 12 current quarter annualized pre-management fee, post-management fee? Just to make sure I understand what the numbers are that I'm hearing.
Jerry Doctrow: Okay. So today -- if today they’re running about 2:1 pre-management fee; 1:5 post-management fee, and it might go down to 1.2 to 1.3 if we were back to -- a post-management fee if we were back to kind of RUGs-III level. Is that…
Stephanie Anderson: Yes. The [indiscernible] are entrance fees that actually have deposits have increased significantly over first quarter. And so [indiscernible] those moving in as well as operating income is ahead of budget.
Stephanie Anderson: They are. They're the healthcare component of the properties, and those will be opening in second quarter, and we expect those 2 to do very well.
Stephanie Anderson: This is Stephanie Anderson. And we actually have the cuts right now plus we've spent a lot of time over the weekend re-underwriting everything, making sure we understood the impact to our portfolio, as well as specifically to Genesis. Those numbers that we discussed and analyzed with Genesis, and we're very comfortable with them.
Stephanie Anderson: We do not see that to be the case with any of our post acute or skilled nursing operators. We are very comfortable with where they are. Specifically in the case of Genesis, they do have the opportunity to convert some of their lower paying days to Medicare, improving the overall coverage. We still have great base in improving coverages due to their strong extant focus as well as their continued focus on the post-acute area.
Stephanie Anderson: I would speak specifically, we just, as part of the discussion, when we look at the Medicare, the CMS proposal, we also dig in into the Medicaid discussion because as you know, CMS often, today, is very aware, and it's looking at an overall reimbursement to the post-acute nursing facilities. Our Genesis portfolio, as well as many of the other states, are still aiming up with a positive Medicaid increase of 1% to 2% in the states that we operate in. So we are not seeing a negative impact that everyone was concerned about.
