George L. Chapman: Yes, the growth rates that we produced over the last few years will be difficult to replicate. Now at 8-plus percent for the most part, in most quarters. That being said, it's important to keep in mind that the same-store portfolio today is only 118 properties. So it doesn't include portfolios like Sunrise, most of Belmont Village, Brookdale, Chartwell. Our entire RIDEA portfolio is 310 assets. So over the next 15 months, you're going to see sort of the full benefit of some of those higher growth portfolios. And when we look at the entire portfolio today of 310 assets, the occupancy is still in the high 80s, and we feel like low 90s is a conservative estimate. So we still feel like over the next few years, at least, given the supply-demand characteristics that we could continue to produce NOI growth in excess of 5%, yes long-term, we think 4% to 5% is a reasonable estimate for this portfolio.
George L. Chapman: It probably would. It has more fill up assets, I don't have the number offhand, but again, I do know that the Sunrise portfolio, Chartwell and Brookdale are pretty high growth portfolios for the next few years.
George L. Chapman: Yes, I think as we indicated in this call and previous calls, we're mainly looking to senior housing and MOBs because we have some really good opportunities in both places. Our goal is to move our private pay toward 85%, and reduce somewhat our exposure to reimbursement issues.
George L. Chapman: Yes, for the same-store portfolio, year-over-year, the occupancy was up about 300 basis points, and rates were up just below 2%. We expect over the course of the year that rate growth should accelerate a little bit, most of our operators do the rate increases on the anniversary date of the residents moving rather than January 1. So you don't see necessarily a huge pick up in the first quarter. And that in terms of quarter-over-quarter changes, occupancy was down but just a little bit, just 20 basis points from the fourth quarter. Mostly because of the tough flu season, but census for that portfolio is already up 110 basis points as of yesterday versus the first quarter, so they've already recaptured all of what they lost and then some.
George L. Chapman: Well, based on our portfolio, the independent living sector outperformed. And I think, part of that is just because of the comparable quarters. The assisted living sector had done extremely strong over the last 2 or 3 years, whereas independent living has done a little bit more challenge. Our portfolio today is about half and half, and the independent living portion really outperformed in the most recent quarter.
George L. Chapman: Great question, I think, Jeff. We have some development projects going with our existing RIDEA and other senior housing operators that will continue to build our portfolios with the existing. And we are seeing every portfolio or opportunity out there. And -- but I will always say that, until we get home with some of these opportunities, we're not going to comment on them because there's high lease -- there's definitely subject to the whims and caprices at getting deals home. But would there plenty of projects out there for us to bid.
George L. Chapman: Yes, it's primarily related to the increase in occupancy. In senior housing, a lot of the expenses are fixed. I think sometimes, people underestimate how important the variable expense component is. And in the down cycle like we saw 3 or 4 years ago, you saw senior housing operators able to substantially grow NOI and, for the most part, maintain margins, even though occupancy was down. That didn't happen in other real estate asset classes because most of their expenses are fixed. In senior housing, a lot of the expenses are variable, so as occupancy goes down, you do have the ability to reduce expense, and therefore, maintain NOI. So we think that the NOI from senior housing is highly resilient and predictable. There are upside -- there is upside, as you increase occupancy to grow margin, but it's not 100% of every additional dollar that falls to the bottom line. So I think that's what you saw.
George L. Chapman: There are specific locations where real estate taxes are challenging, but there wasn't a specific line item that stood out.
George L. Chapman: Let me try to answer that. We don't think that there is much additional exposure at all from a substance standpoint, whether or not the trial bar would be more apt to bringing action because we're more involved on operations through RIDEA. No one knows. So that hasn't happened so far. And even if it did, we feel very, very immune from liability. In any case, given what our role is and what our role isn't, in terms of providing the operating -- operations and providing the care.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, this is Scott speaking. There was a small decline this quarter due largely to dispositions. We still think that the 1.3x after management fees is the right range. Today, Genesis accounts for 80% of the portfolio, so that's really what you're talking about when you look at our skilled nursing portfolio. And we do think there's upside over time, whether that occurs next quarter or 12 months from now, we'll see depending upon what happens with reimbursement, but we do expect it to improve over time.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, it's Scott speaking. It's in the high 80s, around 88%, 89%. So it brought down the portfolio average by a bit. There are fair number of newly developed assets in that portfolio that should stabilize over the next 24 months or so.
Scott M. Brinker: Well, it's about 1.3 now. We think, it's going to go up over time, it's just a matter of how long it takes to get there. It may be a year from now. But we think 1.4 maybe even better over the 2- or 3-year time horizon is absolutely achievable given their scale, geographic concentrations, synergies from the Sun merger. So we're still very positive about not just our rental income, but also our warrant in the operating company.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. This is Scott speaking. The average age of the Sunrise portfolio is about 8 years. That compares to 12 or 13 years for the RIDEA portfolio, exclusive of Sunrise. So it brought down the average a little bit. In terms of CapEx, one benefit of owning really high-quality buildings is just that CapEx as a percentage of the NOI is low. So for Sunrise, we spend in the neighborhood of $2,000 a unit, which is a lot, it helps them maintain their premium go-to-market position. But as a percentage of NOI, it's typically less than 10%, which we think is more than adequate capital that continue to provide really strong growth in NOI and asset value.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, if you compare occupancy as of yesterday to the occupancy average in the first quarter, it was up 110 basis points.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, that will be substantially higher, I think it's 40% above the national average. Again, our portfolio is just sort of premium quality across the board, Sunrise in particular. So they were the major reason for that big increase.
Scott M. Brinker: Well, it's a private day business so people are paying for the value they're getting. But the excess against the national average is definitely being driven by the locations as much as the quality of the services that are being provided. Whether we invested at a -- during the high point of the cycle, we started to feel it's the opposite. We closed most of these transactions 2 and 3 years ago. We're sort of the trough of the senior housing operating performance. So occupancies have gone up in the interim period, REITs have been positive and there's still room to grow relative to the historical averages. So we feel long-term that this is actually a pretty good portfolio to own, in general, because we like senior housing, but more particularly, the quality of these particular assets and operators.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. It's typically been more resilient than most of the other asset classes that we looked at. We have done those types of comparisons over multiple years and in different points in the cycle. And the key difference, as I noted in my remarks, with senior housing, you don't just have an apartment residence, you also have sort of need-based hospital and health care services, and we tend to get premium pricing on those. So we actually do think that this is a sector that can provide growth in excess of what most other asset classes can deliver and they can do it on a more resilient and consistent basis.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, Jeff. We have been proactively looking at ways to enhance our disclosure as well, and I do think it's great for our sector to get more information out there. As George said, I think we had a good bit of success with the agencies and then really the intent is to prove the consistency and the resiliency of seniors housing and health care cash flows over time. So I think the best I can say is stay tuned and we can say we're working to be in a position to provide something, somewhat similar probably including our individual property location information as well within, I would think, the next few quarters.
Scott A. Estes: I think -- we're thinking about it from a bigger picture perspective. I think both -- I mentioned in my prepared remarks the stock has done well, the debt has done well. And I think though, most importantly, I think everyone should expect the timing of any future capital raises to closely match the timing of any future investment announcements, that's always been our goal. So I feel comfortable with where they're at, I think over time those leverage numbers would come down over the next 12 months as I think we've said. But I think again I'll stick by those comments.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, everything in the quarter that has happened in Sunrise within January. So that would capture the vast majority of everything that it close through the first quarter on an annualized basis, yes.
Scott A. Estes: [indiscernible] quickly that margins were fairly stable. They were up 10 basis points in the quarter on a year-over-year basis to 31.8%.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, I think the final move had a specific benefit of, by my estimation, what do you think, 10 to 20 basis points, I think. And then there's been some follow through in just the relative markets rating. So the point is, Tayo, I think we -- our relative debt spreads much more closely match those of our peers, I think we're within about 15 basis points. So that's been a nice improvement. And as I said, we could probably issue a new 10-year unsecured notes in the 3.5% range today or a little bit better, so that's clearly lower than in the longer term.
Scott A. Estes: My view is the way we think about it and I think the way Genesis thinks about it, that's actually a nice opportunity. I think there's skilled mix on a combined basis with Sunrise in the low 28% range, and skilled mix, that's usually the way they think about it. And I think a lot of the growth and focus that they have on driving that skilled mix is really the source of the coverage upside over the next 2 to 3 years. So they've been adding some and we've been helping them grow some specific facility, post-acute focus, partnering with managed care organizations and help systems to reduce rehospitalizations and those facilities specifically are not even licensed to accept Medicaid patients. So again, over time, we think that's a nice opportunity as they continue to roll that out and that's been a big part of their strategy.
Scott A. Estes: I would think you could translate it into a relative Q-mix opportunity. We'd always said it was probably 5 full percentage point, but probably over the next 3 to 5 years. So as I roughly think about that, I forget the exact numbers, I shouldn't say, but there's an immediate cash flow benefit to the extent that each percentage point I get it up over the next few years.
Scott A. Estes: I'm thinking we can always be proactively looking to prune our portfolio, but into discussions we've had with folks over the last few years, I think the vast majority of the significant disposition listing has been completed, really. I do think we still look opportunistically and it would be much more likely to have a situation like this quarter where we can sell something at a nice return and as I noted, the yield on sale was actually 7%. So including the gains on sales, so it's much -- I would call it roughly earnings neutral if you're able to get attractive prices. And as it relates to your specific question about the mix, the disposition guidance for the $500 million overall, I would still stick by for the year, the breakdown of that $500 million for the full year was about 50% skilled nursing, 25% medical office buildings, and 25% seniors housing. So you can almost just use that for the year and back off the numbers that we completed in the first quarter, and that kind of shows you what's remaining. It's a lot -- some skilled nursing that's actually still remaining in the dispositions through the remainder of the year.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, I think so. Just generally speaking, I don't think there's been any difference in pricing expectations on those versus what had happened so far. You may not have the same absolute level of gains, but again, no difference in terms of our pricing expectation.
