Shankh Mitra: Yeah. I think, Dan, you’re right. What happened is if you think about – we think about supply as it impacts operating portfolio, right, operating results. And also, you think about supply, you think about a lot of inventory that you can either acquire or inventory that people have built, people who are not from this business. Think about multifamily developers. People who have never been into an operating business have built, and now they can lease up, right. So that's sort of the point. They’re hitting a wall, so you can buy these things at 40%, 50%, 60% occupancy at a very, very good price door. I'm talking of seniors housing segment. And you can do very well with them. On the medical office, they’re few and far between. As I said, we're looking at a couple of opportunities. A great price per foot. And the ownership of some of these buildingseither have changed their strategic objective or they just could not maintain a capital structure that will require ongoing investment like we do in our portfolio, and great owners, other great owners are doing that portfolio. So, we're seeing that more in seniors housing but we have some significant opportunities in medical office as well.
Shankh Mitra: Yeah because you can't see what's happening in the LTAC industry that would suggest that you are right about your assumption.
Shankh Mitra: Well, I could comment on that. But as you know that we are – it's a very, very small part of our portfolio, right. We own a handful of assets. We look at everything from a total return perspective. And if we have budgets, we'll address, but I just want to remind you again that it is a very, very small part of our portfolio. That's why I wanted to have the differentiation. Post-acute is now less than 10% of our overall cash flow. From a value perspective, it’s much lower than that. But 10% – less than 10% of our overall cash flow. Primarily, that is skilled nursing license businesses, which means also Genesis rehab short stay with its technically skilled nursing but obviously it’s a completely different business, but also traditional skilled nursing. That's primarily what that bucket is. With the handful of packs that we own, we’re thinking about how to maximize value there.
Shankh Mitra: I couldn't even tell you what the pipeline size looks like. We just don't do business that way. So, everything is a function of total return. And if we see opportunities that are great, we'll do it. Is that 100% of the pipeline or 5% of the pipeline, that is – we’re not trying to sort of put those things in the bucket.
Shankh Mitra: Yeah. So, rent coverage, it was underwritten at – roughly, what we do is we under – when we underwrite a new triple-net assets, we're underwriting at it north of 1.5 times EBITDARM basis or 1.2 times EBITDAR basis. As you know that we – I believe in our Investor Day, we talked about that some of the assets that we're buying, that a $1 billion pool has an average age of four-and-a-half years. Some of the Chelsea assets that we are buying, they were just developed so, if you think about it, from that perspective, the NOI, the EBITDARM is still ramping up so – but the stabilized coverage, we believe, will be in that range that I described.
Shankh Mitra: Yeah. Steve, I would definitely agree with you on the Medicare for all you point. That is not driving up the strategic thinking at the health systems today. I think it's very early and I'm – I sit on the side of – I think it's a completely something that would not work, but we will get into that in another time. But, I'm going to have Mark Shaver who spends a lot of time with the health systems comment on your earlier point.
Shankh Mitra: I'm not sure I completely understand the question. I will give you two answers which hopefully will help you get to the answer. One is Karin has been able to get me to talk about it. So, I actually gave some real time sort of feedback on how the portfolio is performing and I don't want to repeat myself but I did say that occupancies are both on the skill side as well as on senior housing side. And we're just starting the CapEx program, which we think will dramatically change the businesses. Going back to your question, 20% - we 80% ownership in the real estate and our partner Promedica is the 20% owner and our cash flow is – rather their cash flow is subordinate to our cash flow. And that’s how the…
Shankh Mitra: Yeah. You can always can go back – Rich, by the way, welcome back. You can go back to the call we did or when we did the deal and I walked through line by line of how that is calculated. But anyway regardless, welcome back.
Shankh Mitra: Remember, we're not making a call on the industry sector with our data analytics. This is very specific to the Welltower portfolio, our operators and the locations of our assets. As you learned at our Investor Day, we do look at the country on a micro-market basis. So, we have been managing our portfolio over the last five years and are making tough decisions that always didn't reflect well in quarterly performance, but they were the right decisions for the long term, and that is what you're starting to see flow through our results. So, yes, our data analytics gives us what we believed to be unique and proprietary insights into the way we run our business. But again, we are not – do not think our results and what we're seeing in our portfolio is a call on the senior housing industry changing.
Thomas DeRosa: Yeah. So, if you buy a 60% leased senior housing portfolio, it’s not going to be accretive day one, we know that.
Thomas DeRosa: Some of these assets are newly built. So, you don't have to do anything. Some of these assets are older that you need to bring in operational improvement and refresh the physical plans. So, it can be both. So, if we do require – if some of these things require CapEx, that will be part of our underwriting, right? We’re not going to think, okay, if you think about what we do with the four Sunrise assets we bought from SNH, it was a great value-add opportunity. We put the capital and we underwrote as a part of it. So, it can be both. We are seeing – now the one portfolio we did with Discovery, it's a newly built portfolio. So, you don't have to put any CapEx in it, and we're seeing opportunities that we do. We’re seeing both.
Thomas DeRosa: Vikram, it’s a very good question. So, we're seeing these opportunities across all markets. As you know that we don't focus on just what the headline major MSA looks like. We're focused on micro markets. We believe there are seniors that you need to pick up in every market. It just needs to be the right price point. And as you’re getting into that investment, it needs to be the right price per door. So, as you can see, that even in Michigan, Ohio portfolio on StoryPoint, we sold that asset at 19% unlevered IRR. I want to repeat, it’s unlevered IRR. So, you can make significant amount of money if it’s the right assets with the right basis with the right operator. So, no change on template. Across the U.S., we are seeing this kind of opportunities. We're seeing sort of emergence of certain opportunities in UK. We're seeing certain emergence of opportunities in Canada. We're just – we're interested in all three of our countries across all products.
Thomas DeRosa: What I would add to that, Vik, is that when you see us go outside of the core coastal markets or the major metro markets in Canada and the UK, it’s very operator specific. We cannot underscore enough the operating excellence of companies like StoryPoint who faced tremendous competition from new supply and have outperformed consistently because of their focus on operations. These are not real estate developments that are trying to participate in what's considered a new sector of real estate. These are people that come from really the health and technology sectors who have a differentiated product, again, in not first tier markets and they perform consistently. That’s who we align ourselves with.
Thomas DeRosa: What I'll say about health systems is that when I came here or I came into the CEO spot here five years ago, I came with a knowledge and relationships about the large not-for-profit health systems. I have been engaging in that space over the last five years initially by myself and then I brought other people to the company like Shankh and Mark Shaver who have helped really develop the dialogue and relationship. And the one thing I will tell you, as major health systems start to consider their futures, they are thinking much more outside of the acute care hospital space about where they will meet their customers. And I'm saying – I said that word specifically, not necessarily patients because patients means that you are sick, where they will meet their customers as their models evolve more towards health and wellness of the population rather treating sick people in acute care hospital beds which is simply not sustainable. So that is leading to multi-level discussions with major health systems. And what I can tell you is it takes a lot of time to develop these relationships. This does not happen overnight and we're making very good progress.
Thomas DeRosa: Yeah. So, as you know, by policy we do not update segment level guidance for the year. We are – you are right, Jordan, that we are very excited about the same-store performance, really, in the SHOP, but also medical office also outperformed as well. So, we are excited about with how sort of the year will shape up, but it’s too early to change overall same-store guidance, but just remember that we do not change segment level guidance through the year.
Thomas DeRosa: No, I'm not going to comment on that. That will be giving you guidance. I would say that we are just focused on different three countries. I expect UK will normalize down, Canada will normalize up, and I expect continued and I’m very, very encouraged by the U.S. performance. Just focus on what I said on a sequential basis, right? First time in five years, we saw RevPAR growth that outpaced ComPAR growth, right, if you just think about that? What that does for the P&L rest of the year, I will leave you to that math. But I will just say – answer to your question, I don’t see anything that dramatically slows down the performance of the SHOP portfolio except the UK and UK dynamic that I just read – just described.
Thomas DeRosa: I can’t because of NDA, but I can tell you that it’s everybody and anybody. We are in the public markets that’s focused that we know when – many participants are focused and when those business exactly times, which quarter, which year, private lives or not. We are seeing a multiyear trend that's coming and people are excited to deploy capital. So, from private equity to all the institutional investors that we are seeing, everybody's interested in the asset class but this is obviously – there's an operating aspect of the business. So, people are trying to partner with the right types of operating partners or people like us.
Thomas DeRosa: That was – yeah, that occurred barely in the quarter and there was no – the income impact in our restructuring was out there in the quarter.
Thomas DeRosa: No. You think a provision. This is a provision in case something happens, right. So, this sort of provision you had a lot…
Thomas DeRosa: It’s provision against the loans that we provided for a non-full recovery on. Then, we did not recognize interest income on that loan in the quarter.
Thomas DeRosa: So that's sort of the first one. Second is the coverage was almost 1.7 times. The reason to sell the operator – those particular assets is what I told you in my prepared remarks. If you can hit 20 plus years building or buildings, you can hit a 4.6% yield to get to 19% unlevered IRR. You do that all day. Every asset is for sale at a price. So, we sold assets because we thought we got a fantastic value. There’s nothing to…
Thomas DeRosa: So I'm glad you asked that question. Our same-store pool has for our shop portfolio has not changed. It was 473 assets. It is still 473 assets. A total number of shop assets changed to 599. Why? Because the restructuring of Brookdale that we talked about last summer got done, finally got done, some of that assets in California and other places this quarter. So you saw those transition from Brookdale to Vegas has happened this quarter, actually on the one. So that changed the overall number of show assets. But I want to reemphasize again that our same-store pool did not change. What is the expectation? We told you that we're pretty happy when we did the Brookdale transition. We transitioned the assets so that we have good coverage, right. Our EBITDARM coverage for the Brookdale assets is not the 1.3 times, right. Having said that, is it – I don't want to talk about specifically about Brookdale. Any assets we have an operating portfolio. Just think about it. Just our idea portfolio has 23 operators. Our triple net portfolio has several operators. There are assets that can be maximized. The value can be maximized in different operators. So we have plans for every one of these assets, and I went through this in detail two quarters ago, how we think about it, how we look at it. We're more than happy to transition any of these assets if we need to is now about 2.5% of our total operating – our total income. So, it is very, very manageable that its cover and we think that under the current leadership is turning the business around. If not, we have other operators who deal to transition their assets too as we have done in last year.
Thomas DeRosa: Now, that is – so these are still part of the original restructuring plan. There's been no further asset after that since the original transaction. So, it's just a matter of we gave that as kind of a pro forma when fully transitioned with the difference in income would be and that 10 assets from that originally described transaction.
Thomas DeRosa: Labor cost is not down, Chad. Labor cost is up significantly. The trajectory for the first time we saw is on demand. So, if you look at what I talked about that if you -- in the first quarter sequentially…
Thomas DeRosa: I'm sorry. I don't understand the question. Occupied unit the labor cost is up 2.8% sequentially quarter-over-quarter.
Thomas DeRosa: And which rate is up 3.3%. You understand what I'm saying? Labor cost is still up significantly year-over-year. I'm talking about…
Thomas DeRosa: For 75 years, we got a positive spread. I will take it. But just let’s not be dramatic. It’s not – it’s 50 basis points. But look, as we talk about labor cost has been increasing. In our portfolio of 5-plus percent on an occupied room basis for last five-plus years. I mean now you see in the market – I'll give you an example. Let's just talk about New Jersey where labor cost is a problem. New Jersey is not slated to be a $15 market until 2021. If you look at our portfolio across the board it's $15-plus today. So maybe the regulatory side in many aspects hasn't changed but the actual labor market because of competition has already moved there. Recall that I talked about some of the regulatory driven change, which is a 15 move to the $15, let's talk about California. L.A. has hit $15 last summer. San Francisco has hit $15 last summer. L.A. is doing that this summer. To offset that, you’re going to get more of a market driven increase rather than just a big move from 11 to 15 or on a percentage basis the big number. So, I'm not suggesting the labor cost is not going to be a problem. All I'm saying is I'm happy that finally that has been undermanned for the first time. Too early to comment whether that continues or not.
Thomas DeRosa: So, look, I mean we have our SHOP portfolio in the market in better locations. Generally, that's true. And we also have some really good operators in the triple-net portfolio, right? We talked about different operators over a period of time. I think it's just different. If you think about the recovery, this is a fundamentally a local business, different parts of the country is participating in the recovery in different times. So, I wouldn't suggest there is fundamentally something different about senior housing business. We're encouraged by the first quarter results. But this is not yet the time to take a victory lap. But we do think, if you think about it longer period of time, we think that you will see improvement in both sides of the house.
Thomas DeRosa: I think you, of course, you have the answer John. That's not how we look at it. We give you how we look at it which is adjusted competition unit and you need to open SHOP and we described that we expect roughly 15% to 20% reduction this year and walk you through the details of that on Investor Day, we still expect that. Now what happens is delays happen some 2018 flows into 2019, and then 2019 flows into 2020. So, obviously, all of these things can be stretched out. But, as you can see from our results, the thesis that we had directionally is playing out.
Thomas DeRosa: Yeah. Karin, on the – I’ll take the leverage side first. So, beginning in our Investor Day, we talked about keeping leverage flat throughout the year. You’ve obviously taken it down significantly. As a just a quick note on that, at the time of the Investor Day, we spoke about that from a debt-EBITDA perspective, and it was not part of our plan to convert our preferreds. In the first quarter given our stock was trading, we were given the opportunity to force a conversion on those, and we did, so we now expect our leverage on a preferred basis to come down significantly during the year, as it already has.
Thomas DeRosa: Okay. Just to finish that, we expect leverage to come back up as we close on our under contract pipeline not more than expected and then on ATM, as Shankh said, we've got nothing planned as of now, but you should expect that to continue to match on as we see opportunities and we're very optimistic on that front right now.
Thomas DeRosa: Well, I think you heard about many of those on our Investor Day directly from Randy and Steve, so I'm not going to get into too much. I was trying not to do it. I'll just give you one so that you are happy that your question was answered. We’re looking at occupancy both on the skill side as well as on the Arden Court side which is the city housing occupancy up in both sides of the house and still it's up 100 plus basis points. And it’s in the housing side, it’s close to that but less than 100 basis points. But I'll just leave it at that. These things take time and we are focused on what the long term looks like, but we're happy, very happy with how the short term has played out whether that's on the reimbursement or on the cost side, on the synergy side. So, we are excited about it. And obviously, the part of our thesis was these assets we bought at a very, very low basis that was capital starved and I touched on that finally that program, it takes time to do this thing. Finally, that program is on the way. We have 45 assets or so. Actually, really exactly 45 assets to go through that program in next two to four months. So very, very excited what will happen then. Some of them are complete, some of them are catch-ups, some of them are in between. So it’s just going through a whole series of renovation program both on the skill side as well as on the senior housing side.
Thomas DeRosa: There was no change in accounting. They're exactly the same 473 assets. The only thing you have to think about the change is FX. Remember, we owned assets outside the United States.
Thomas DeRosa: So, Mike, if you look at – I believe two quarters ago I addressed this issue in holistically on our earnings call. We completely believe in the triple-net business. I cannot emphasize that enough that we're sitting here trying to say RIDEA is the only way to go. Of structure is secondary. Primary focus is the quality of assets, the quality of markets, and an alignment with an operator. Several ways you can get to that alignment. You can do it in what we call RIDEA Trio. Obviously, it's a different bells and whistles on a normal RIDEA contract, which makes it very, very different. You can also do it on a triple-net lease structure. And as we obviously have different bells and whistles around it. So, we continue to believe in that business and we think CLC is a good operator and we're going to continue to grow that business.
Thomas DeRosa: No. Nick, I addressed that before on this call. We, by policy, we don't do that. We don't update segment-level, same-store guidance. We will update, if necessary, the total guidance for the same-store pool. And, honestly, you can look at the trends and you can come to your own conclusion. The problem of updating guidance in segments is that over emphasizing any segment, we're not – we don't have a favorite children among the segments, right? As a buyer of Welltower stock, you get to buy all of them, right? So, we are trying to de-emphasize any part of our portfolio and have you focused on are we good capital allocators? Are we good manager of the portfolio? Those are the decisions. But if we look at the numbers and the trajectory and sequential, you should be able to get pretty close to what those numbers look like.
Thomas DeRosa: Because we don't want you to emphasize on any particular segment. We will update the total if it's necessary. We do think that market to focus too much on one segment versus the other when we, as the manager of the business, don't focus on one particular segment versus others.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes, Rich. We think the cap rates, I forgot two years ago or 18 months ago, I can’t keep the track of time, got to an unsustainable level. And since obviously it has gotten to a level, it definitely has trickled up. I think I mentioned that probably last few calls, every call, we have done not just P&L. We have done 2-plus billion dollars of medical office acquisition in the last 12 months. So, they have come to a level – they have come to a level where we think that IRR now makes sense. We kind of give you a guidance, but we think we need to hit a 7% IRR to get through the transaction. It’s still there. But as I said, if they go down again because people want to be aggressive again, then we will get out of the market again.
Thomas DeRosa: I don’t. No, I don't. We're trying to get the total return. We're not a buyer or seller of any assets on a cap rate. We are not trying to top-tick the market, bottom-tick the market. We're trying to get to a total return and IRR and fund it through capital, whether equity or asset, but the total return would be lower, right? And that's sort of what we're trying to drive value. That’s the difference.
Thomas DeRosa: No, we don’t, because we will continue to deploy capital. And remember, that would be a concern we will continue to deploy capital and remember that would be a concern if we debt finance the deals. We’re not debt financing the deals, right. We’re equity financing the deal. So even if that's the case, A, we will continue to deploy capital. We hope that happens. And if it doesn't happen, then we’ll just wouldn't do it. You understand my question is if it is equity-financed transaction, the value of what we just bought on a spot basis does not matter. We locked in a difference off a total return on what we bought versus what we sold.
Thomas DeRosa: So I will just say I think you probably misheard. It’s not seven different products. It’s seven different operating partners.
Thomas DeRosa: And I'll just say many of that you will start to see later this summer. So let’s just – today’s call is not the appropriate time, but more to come.
Thomas DeRosa: Yeah. I mean, everything seems to be proceeding according to plan, both in terms of costs and time line, up to this point. So, there's no real update to…
Thomas DeRosa: I don't know. Where do you saw that? I mean, our expectation is still pretty much what it was during the Investor Day.
Thomas DeRosa: Oh, the – our data analytics platform did give us that insight, which is why we started talking about three quarters ago that the business is turning when the topic du jour was it's going to be really bad for the next five years, that's what I hear. So, it's hard to talk about stuffs that already happened and take a victory lap. That’s just not a display of humility, I would say. But, as you can see, these people are very, very good, and they have called a turn, and you are seeing the results, you're seeing that turn in the results. From December to today, Tayo, we’re making 10, 15, 20 decisions. I mean like, from December to today, it’s – we don't change our views like that.
John Goodey: And if the value-add is bringing in one of our operators into a, let's just say, less than optimally-managed portfolio of senior housing assets, understand that doesn’t – that’s not like flipping on a switch. It takes some time. There is always going to be some level of disruption. So, that – and we’re seeing many opportunities like that where we’re seeing assets and the types that Shankh was referring to or actually, our operators are seeing assets in their markets that are struggling where they know that their management template could significantly turn the performance around. So, it's a little – it’s coming from lots of different directions there.
John Goodey: Yeah. I mean, that was a provision for -- second provision for a loan loss and the restructuring of a couple of triple nets loss and are restructuring a couple of triple-net buildings or in special purpose entities.
John Goodey: Yes. Certainly. I think Nick we essentially disclosed to same store premises. One is the one that we spend a lot of time talking about our Non-GAAP sort of supplemental disclosure. That is essentially our economic participation in those same-store buildings. And what do I mean by that? I mean that is prorated for our ownership position as you know with our 23 RIDEA partners. We often have joint venturing agreement. So, we're not a 100% owner of those buildings, and therefore, not 100% owner of the income stream, whereas for GAAP disclosure, we are required obviously on the GAAP to do a consolidated view. So, we have to take all of the buildings where we have greater than 50% ownership, consolidate that and then report on 100% basis. So, we actually have to two different pools, which is why you see two different numbers between the supplemental sort of business view that we use and we talk about with you because we believe that's the one that drives our view of how we're performing and drives your view – should drive your view on how we're performing versus the GAAP, which is essentially a mathematical equation that we have to produce to comply with our GAAP accounting requirement. So, that's why it's different. Sometimes that number is above. Sometimes it's below. It doesn't have necessarily a consistent trend over time.
