John T. Thomas: This is John. There's been very few hospital modernizations over the last couple of years. There's a package out now and Scott's telling it [ph] -- everybody's very familiar with it, you know, not a very large package. So most of our attention is to our relationships and building new relationships and that's where most of our pipeline is coming from.
John T. Thomas: Yes. Jerry, this is John. The -- we saw a very slight bump, but it's more of a timing on the occupancy. And we expect to finish the year making that up and strong. So far this year, we're a little ahead of budget on tenant rents and roll ups or increases, so it's -- we're still averaging 1.5% to 2% on renewals, and retention rates continue to be in the in that 80% to 85%. So we wouldn't expect any meaningful rolldown.
John T. Thomas: Yes, this is John. That was with one of our existing good relationship clients. It was pursuing an acquisition consolidation within the LTAC space. And we've been with post-acute within patient rehab and LTACs, we've been concentrating on some life investments with our existing operators. And that particular operator is one of our better clients. So good assets, good pricing. And there's some opportunity from some upside of the company related to that transaction.
John T. Thomas: In that kind of 5% and 10% total. And we wouldn't, we think, go lower into that range with growth. Again, mostly with selective clients that we already have or great new opportunities. We opened a hospital with Loma Linda this year. That's a -- that's been a great investment with the medical office building that opened completely full. So we're getting 9-plus-percent yields from a great institutional client like that. So pretty selective, and primarily with existing clients and just on the mix of assets in that range. And as Scott mentioned, we're focused on 2x to 3x coverage ratios.
John T. Thomas: We've known the folks at Chelsea a number of years. Back when I was a consultant, we worked with them when they were starting out the company. So we've had a long history with these guys over the years. And our originating team has known them for many years when I was back a consultant, 10 buildings and expo markets in New Jersey and New York, all private-pay facilities, a little over 900 units, about 2/3 of them in the assisted living area and another 1/3 in memory care and IL side of the business. So I mean, real high-quality, excellent markets, tough to replace them. And like you've said, we've known them a long time and finally had the opportunity do business with them.
John T. Thomas: We've been reviewing additional transactions with all of our operators. Right now, this is a majority of their portfolio. We've talked about other assets that they either have managed our have options on, and we expect to continue to grow the relationship over time.
Scott A. Estes: Jana, it's is Scott. That is correct. It's about 14% at this point. And I think we would consistently say that we'll probably continue to have opportunities to grow with our existing operators and continue to look at additional idea investments opportunistically. But that's probably a good place to think it would be for the intermediate-term, somewhere in the mid-current 14%, maybe up to 20% level.
Scott A. Estes: Sure, Jeff, it's Scott. Yes, I think this investment has, I would call, higher than average increase, there's a part of it, in terms of the bigger picture. And the short of it is, through 2015, the rents would increase at a fixed rate of about 2.6% per year, on average. And then at that time, there'll be a fair market value reset but the increase will be no less than 3.5%. And really from that point, through 2015 through '19 it grows at the rate of at least 3% a year. So in general, you have some benefit from the fair market value resets and probably on average with increased rents we think 3% a year.
Scott A. Estes: Sure, Jeff. It's Scott, I'll answer that one. Frankly, we find there's a lot of inconsistency in how coverage is reported across our sector, and management fees are subordinate to our lease payments and I think again they're also been imputed inconsistently throughout the industry, so our view is we'll continue to provide the cash flow coverage and help you guys talk about if you want to imply a management fee you can get to and after management fee number, but that was in essence our thinking around doing that.
Scott A. Estes: Hey Ross, it's Scott. You're breaking up a little bit but it seems like you're asking about just unsecured and secured pricing and it -- prospects on financing outlook going forward, so I'll give a quick overview that. Let me know if I miss anything. I guess the advantage for us is I think we have a lot of flexibilities. We think about our capital needs and that's why we put a $2 billion line in place. And I think that's the most important. As it relates to debt pricing, been a lot of movement in that market obviously as well as the overall markets I would take a current new tenure unsecured note for us probably in the 5.75% to 6% range based on current treasuries and spreads in pricing. And the secured debt market, basically, we have -- I think we have some availability in that bucket, you know, 13.6% currently. But again, we tend to assume debt that's already on properties that we acquire. And again, in terms of equity, as we've said, I think over the longer-term, we do have slightly more conservative leverage goals, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, closer to 40% debt to undepreciated book in 5x to 6x net debt to EBITDA, so you'd expect us as always to be looking at that market, too.
Scott A. Estes: I guess you could, although we put out a notification there's $126 million of convertible debt that's puttable to us on December 1. The reality is those are actually in the money. The conversion price is, I think, about $47.10 or so. So we have actually $5 in the money. And at least our expectation, if dependent upon our stock price, at this point is they would probably remain outstanding, but we will wait and see there.
Scott A. Estes: They bought -- with the Capital Senior Living, they -- public company, they've got the ability to go and do assets -- do deals outside of our relationship. And in this particular case, they wanted to grow one balance sheet versus off-balance sheet. We still have an excellent relationship with them and expect to be continuing to do business with them over the long term. Each relationship we have is different. So a majority of the time, we have the right of first option, the right of first refusal on new deals and have lines of credit with many of our line -- leased lines of credit with many of our operators. So that's why we tend to see a lot of business. And when you're focused on relationships, that drives volume our way.
Scott A. Estes: Sure, Bryan. I guess, I would just generally say they're doing well. I think the -- a few of the -- it's actually only about 6 buildings. So of the 99 total, 6 are in aggregated fill-up. The portfolio is doing well. They continue to fill. And that's actually, I think, a big benefit when you think about our overall NOI growth potential and why over the last 2 quarters, we've generated the 12.6% growth last quarter and 8.2% growth this quarter.
Scott A. Estes: The numbers I articulated on the call really include basically what's known at this point, including their assessment of the therapy impacts inclusive of our full rent bump and net of their estimate of cost mitigation. To your specific question about the potential for the 2% sequestration cut, it's not included. But again, that's unknown. It would not go into effect until January of 2013, and it would be again a net cut so if there were any market basket increase, it would be net of that. The sensitivity answer is basically still the same for us as it's been. Each 1% reduction in overall Medicare rates. If you hold all else equal, it translates into about 3% to 4% of an impact to our coverage. Again, so 2% would obviously be roughly 68 basis points. But again, I would importantly reiterate is there could always be some netting out of some cost savings.
Scott A. Estes: The dispositions in the third quarter were assets that had been in our portfolio a very long time and were very small amounts. There was only $16 million in aggregate. I think the blended average was 8.5%, 9%. I think a fair estimate for the last $50 million in our guidance would be something in the range of, say, 10% probably of a disposition yield.
Scott A. Estes: Jerry, maybe I'll start and try to answer. It's Scott. Yes, we still like a selective construction. It's pretty small part of the aggregate portfolio right now. I believe we only have about $450 million of total projects underway. I think most importantly, we're focused on a triple-net lease senior housing assets with existing operators that would likely roll into master leases. And the other main focus would be, largely, almost in many cases almost 100% pre-leased medical office buildings. So that is the majority of the type of project that we believe are low risk and get also nice returns in terms of the additional construction that we may do. In terms of your question about the CCRC and entrance fee fill-up, they actually progressed pretty well this quarter. The entrance fee component of those assets increased from 54% to 56%. And I would actually point out one nuance in the portfolio in terms of what we report in the supplement. The rental occupancy is reported at 82%. The number was actually down if you just compare supplement-to-supplement, but that was because we added over 100 new units this quarter. So the previous quarter's number existing portfolio would have increased about 91.5%, I think it was, prior to the effect of adding some new units. So -- and we added those because a lot of our rental component of those facilities actually had a wait list. So as we mentioned before, we've added some new units, which is a positive, because we needed some additional capacity.
Scott A. Estes: Sure. Most of the -- I think you're referencing the 4.4% same-store senior's housing triple-net NOI growth. Okay. There was some benefit of, really, 2 factors, some catching up this year in terms of rents where we didn't get the full increase or in the prior year. And the other factor was the increase in the entrance fee properties this year versus last year helped to get us a little bit above what you'd probably expect to see in more normal, call it, 2.5-ish percent rate of growth in that portfolio.
Scott A. Estes: Some good coverage to it, John, I mean, projected to be in excess of cash flow coverage in excess of 2x.
Scott A. Estes: Going into this year, I believe it has increased over the last 5 years from 47% up to about 53%. So generally, it's about that, 54% right now.
Scott A. Estes: Mike, it's Scott. We do look at both. As we all know, we've provided both before and after management fees. So we have perspective, and we obviously, we can help you understand whatever numbers you want. So the inconsistency we found was causing a lot of confusion around the number. And there's intent to not help you understand what an after-management fee number is. So we'll continue to work with you to give you whatever you need.
George L. Chapman: Jeff, this is George. I think that the better way to look at RIDEA versus net lease is exactly as Chuck indicated. That it could be the portfolio is very attractive for us to do, RIDEA, but perhaps the operator doesn't want to do it. Other operators came to us in part because they wanted to do business with us, but they -- others like to do deals as joint ventures. And so it isn't really the choice alone for the capital partner. It is a partnership. And I think it just -- it's just situational and in this case they elected to do a net lease and we're just fine with that. It adds significant quality and size to our very strong focus in the Northeast.
George L. Chapman: I think it's a little slower right now. We will look at individual transactions, either acquisitions or a development for one of our -- what is it, 6 or 7 key operators to help them. But you're right, in some sense, is that until there is a little bit more clarity, it's a little more difficult to underwrite it at this moment. So everybody's going a little more slowly than the past. But I echo what Scott said, we think that despite a very unfortunate decision about the White House to take away too much reimbursement away that skilled nursing is by far the most effective delivery system for care in the whole system and will be favored over time and will be very successful, very successful and key part of the health care delivery systems for many years to come. So I think we're just waiting for clarity. And then we look forward to, as I said in my comments, helping George and the rest of the Genesis team, and for that matter other of our key operators build out a system that really works in the evolving health care delivery system.
George L. Chapman: It's always a balancing act. And to some extent, we try to lower our payout ratios a bit, and we're making a lot of progress there. And unlike a lot of other of our colleagues, we see a great pipeline. And so we have plenty use for the money as well. So it is always a tough balancing act that I think we came up at the right place, but people can differ.
George L. Chapman: Right now, we're about where we want to be. We might drive it a little lower. This economy and attitudes of people swing so dramatically from -- we're starting to feel like the market wants to go up, and then we have a REIS [ph] Situation that comes in, everybody gets conservative. So I guess we're right now sort of erring a bit on the side of being somewhat more conservative in how we're running our balance sheet and how we're looking at our liquidity. But it wouldn't surprise me in the least. I have a totally different conversation in our next earnings call. So it just takes a hell of a lot of judgment right now and a balancing act to run any public company.
George L. Chapman: Karin, right now, we are intending to get most of our new transactions from existing customers, and we're doing the best we can to accommodate them. We are clearly looking harder at our returns. And to the extent new parties come to the table, we're probably being somewhat more selective, careful in terms of giving them commitments. But we try to keep everything in play that we can that looks good to us in terms of reasonable returns going forward and building relationships. But at the same time not disadvantaging anybody in the event that the capital markets turn down. So again, I just sort of reiterate what I said earlier, it's a very interesting balancing act for all of us running this company and, for that matter, our colleagues and the rest of the Health Care REITs. The only thing I'd also add is that all of us are doing pretty well in the Health Care REITs and have probably better access to capital and better opportunities in a better industry in a sort of a choppy economy than virtually any other property type.
George L. Chapman: Well, we're looking at that right now, Jerry. We hope to have another rent bump of perhaps the same magnitude as last year. And we're going slow on it. The rental's doing great. The Health Care is doing great. And the entrance fee is sort of just chugging along, making progress in a very choppy economy. So it's going to be very deliberative -- it's going to be modest, and we're just going to keep moving along.
George L. Chapman: We've had great luck with investing in dementia care. It's a great driver of value in our sector, and it's been very solid covering parts of our portfolio. We like it a lot, and we're doing business with people who can provide either the full continuum through adding dementia care or folks that are particularly skilled in providing dementia care, maybe higher-end dementia care, such as Loren Shook at Silverado. So we're very pleased with our investments in that area.
George L. Chapman: We're comfortable at Genesis, HC or Humana Care, our life care centers and the other quality senior -- skilled nursing operators can handle this situation again, like they've had handled it many, many times. We obviously would like to have our skilled nursing after management fee coverage more like $1.5 billion or so. And so we're not happy. No one's happy about what we think was cutting into muscle and bone by the White House. We think it's a mistake, but we have the ability to get back up to our desired level and above it in the very near future.
George L. Chapman: Rich, we've never grown just to become larger. And we continuously dispose of properties, even some that are at 9% and 10% rates because we think some of those properties will not be as attractive in the new health care and senior housing environment. So we're always very aggressive about managing our portfolio. This just happens to be a period in which the health care REITs have wonderful access to capital, equity and debt at very attractive rates. And there are -- is consolidation going on in the operator worlds, and we're going to run hard. And we're doing very well vis-a-vis our closest competitors in terms of getting the best and the brightest. And I think it's just one of those time period. Just wait a year or so when a lot of the packages are gone and then we will have the ability to do that $1.5 billion to $2 billion a year with our relationships. And there won't be that many transactions out there. So it's going to be a very different world in a year or so. It's just a very unique time period.
George L. Chapman: It's a sort of hard to answer that question because there'll be circumstances in the economy that could slow the growth in RIDEA. Yes, I mean, there could be. But we think we have a very reasonable balance between triple-net and RIDEA structures. And we've also -- so that we will manage any risk such as that. Also our experience, frankly looking back at our RIDEA partners is such that it's a very unlikely that the growth would go below at least the triple-net regular increase. But is it possible that we'll have slower growth? Yes. And probably the best way to look at RIDEA is sort of averaging out the rate of growth over a number of years and maybe even averaging out certain sections of the country that may be up while the others are down. So that's sort of how we present it to you. We think overall that we're going to get a better return on RIDEA over time than with the net lease.
George L. Chapman: Well, I think too, to add to add to that John, is that as we see the world evolving, it could be that our initial relationship with a hospital could be to do a hospital -- but where we think health systems are going is more toward outpatient facilities, more preventative care. And hopefully, these relationships that could start with a hospital investment will lead to a lot more of the modern post-acute or outpatient facilities that we really think are going to be the drivers in the future.
George L. Chapman: We think that -- I think we have total assets up in the Northeast right now, Northeast and mid-Atlantic, that is in excess of 40% of our portfolio, which is I think double the percentage of any of our main competitors there. And we do think that anytime we get up there with high-quality assets and assisted living or post-acute for that matter, even hospitals, that we're going to try to drive a lot of synergy. Our board meeting last week was in Philadelphia and in New Jersey where we met with Brandywine, actually had our board meeting at our Brandywine facility. George Hager was there from Genesis. And then we had a very nice meeting, a great meeting with Rich Miller, who's CEO of the Virtua System, the most profitable hospital system in New Jersey. So we are looking to begin that process of breaking down the silos, making Health Care senior housing more efficient. So, yes, we're going to be very, very aggressive in doing that. We're probably still 1 year or 2 away from moving toward full ACOs and bundled payments and things like that, but we're trying to help break down the silos and get people ready for it.
George L. Chapman: Well, I think that anytime you have sort of a shock going through any particular sector, some people are just going to hide and try to get through it. I always think that those kind of periods as periods of opportunity. So I think that will happen. I think we're still waiting for a little bit more clarity as people form relationships with one another, and then that can lead to more efficient pricing. So I would be surprised if consolidation would not occur.
George L. Chapman: I think most of them would be new acquisitions, Rob, for now with very selective development within their particular region of focus, so strongly acquisition-oriented for at least the next year, some selective development.
George L. Chapman: Well, I think all of the existing acquisitions have tended to get somewhat smaller, okay? So I think you're generally correct, but there are some opportunities right now for, yes, $100 million, 500 million for some and -- but I guess that's tending to be a little smaller, given the size of our original acquisitions. But I still think they're significant and had too some of the cost efficiencies within the region for some of our top operators.
George L. Chapman: We would just, in closing, thank you for your participation and, again, indicate that Scott and his team will be available for follow-up questions after this call. Thank you.
