Shankh Mitra: Thanks, Tim. Let me provide you some color on underlying trends of what's happening in the senior housing business. Needless to say that we're very encouraged by the sequential stabilization of NOI in the quarter. I would like to draw your attention to Slide 16 of our deck, which describes a significant sequential improvement of move ins. Last quarter, I talked about the hesitation of customers to move in after they put a deposit on. As communities resumed visitation, we have seen a significant improvement in this area, frankly, which was my biggest concern as described last quarter call. Let's take an example of five very large operators, which constitute of national operators, large regional operators in Northeast, West Coast and Sunbelt, a pretty diverse group. The average delay between deposit to move in during October of last year was 19 days. In March of this year, it was 17 days, that increased to a whopping 41 days in June. We have seen a meaningful decrease every month in Q3 and finally, it is down to about 18 days in October. We are hearing from our AL focus partners that in many cases this lag is now getting shorter than pre covet days as families can no longer delay the care needs of their loved ones. No question, we're very encouraged by that. However, we are unwilling to project this moving trend as we are in middle of a third wave of COVID across the country. It will be a complete full hurry for us to predict how things will play out in next few weeks and months before the COVID car flattens out again. But the experience of this accelerated move-ins in the pace of move ins tells you that our customers need our product. They moved in as soon as they could. We have no ability to predict when we'll be on the other side of the COVID but we're optimistic when that they finally come, our need-based product will likely to see meaningful traction in demand. What bridges us between now and then is our fortress balance sheet and what creates value between now and then is our ability to allocate capital to make outsized returns for our owners. In this age of Torrens of information, it is sometimes hard to differentiate signals from noise. It is important that we periodically take a step back and remind ourselves that stock is a fractional ownership in a business and not a ticker. As managers of the business we can assure you that our team has never been more energized and excited about creating long term value for our shareholders. With that, we’ll open the call up for questions.
Shankh Mitra: So Steve, leads has not been a problem even when we were here 90 days ago, leads have come back, not completely to pre COVID level but definitely on a year-over-year basis but sequentially it has. And it is even on a year-over-year basis, it's approaching pre COVID level, maybe 10%, 50% still lower. But we're definitely approaching the amount of leads and the quality leads, more importantly, in the system. The issue has been that you obviously had a very good follow-through of how many people are doing -- either seeing the units, whether virtually or physically and then getting to the deposit. That's what I talked about the pressure on the sort of the front door, if you will. That has not been the issue. The issue has been that the customer was hesitating after that. This is a purely an AL focused comment. We're still seeing hesitation in the IL focused communities where if you don't have a need, you're taking time to make a decision. I mean, with all the noise and then obviously, hopeful good news on vaccines, people are just taking time. I can't tell you why that is the case but on the IL side, people are taking the time. On the AL side, we have faced that pressure on the front door but that was not translating into the move-in, that sale was not translating into the move-in, which we kind of described that. And since we said that, we have seen some clearly significant improvement in that area. So that's what we're seeing in that rapid pace of acceleration in that move-in and that continued even through last week.
Shankh Mitra: We're actually not seeing a lot of dispersion in markets per se, there's a huge dispersion from a product-type perspective. So you were seeing whether in the West Coast, East Coast or Texas, or you pick your market. If you have a need driven product, the customer's willingness to make a decision is significantly higher. And frankly, we are hearing from some of our partners that, that is even accelerated relative to even pre COVID levels. But in case of where you have a lifestyle-driven product where somebody wants to be in that environment but doesn't have to be, you are still seeing visitation. So it's not a market driven, it is definitely a product driven phenomena.
Shankh Mitra: So I will tell you, look, as you guys know that Tom has trained me for the job over many years and definitely been very influenced by how he saw the world. The first and foremost, he had taught us and that sort of ingrained in my leadership style as well as a lot of other people in our leadership team is to take that what we can do more from this platform, not just think about disparate aggregation of assets but thinking through platform. And the importance of being on the bleeding edge of healthcare and wellness trends and that will continue to happen. I'm very much focused on execution, very much focused on per share value creation. And that's what the team made and capital allocation. So everybody's leadership style is different and I would -- obviously, it is less important on the difference between Tom's leadership style and my leadership style, I will tell you, that it is as collectively as the leadership team, we see our biggest focus today is to increase the value per share execute. And obviously, there's a tremendous amount of potential for us to get back to our lost earnings, not just to the recover level. As you imagine, we have talked about even pre COVID, our portfolio was under leased and get back to that and create that value through execution and capital allocation, and that's what we are focused on today.
Shankh Mitra: Dan, you asked a very interesting question. If you think about move outs, move outs have come down pretty much across the board for over last seven, eight months through COVID. Last couple of weeks, I would say that we have seen some increased move-outs. It's hard to say why that is the case, because it's too short of a time frame to make this as a trend. But it is also the most difficult part of our business to predict. It is all of the above of what you mentioned as reason for move out. We don't see financial reasons for move out in our industry, but we have seen some elevated move-outs for last couple of weeks. We also saw some reduced move outs few weeks before that. This is a very, very hard business to predict on a weekly basis, monthly basis. So I think it is hard for us to sort of get into that and see what the trend and what's not. You could take us for weeks and say the first two weeks is that you wanted to have an optimistic bench, and you could have said that I will take that move-out trends and move-in trends and project, or you could have taken the last two weeks of elevated move out trends and project forward, and there's no right and wrong answer. We have just done the latter part or the first part. But we could be wrong and things can turn out to be better than we thought. But as we sit here today with the uncertainty that we see the overall, the national COVID environment, I think it's prudent for us to, at this point, not to try to get to too excited about what might or might not happen.
Shankh Mitra: No, Juan. It simply means that the customers need our product. So what has been going on is with all the national headlines and all the COVID and the overall situations, people are hesitating. Now we obviously have a need that's sort of adding up. And now the customers are saying, well, they can move in, again, we're not projecting that into the future, that's a very important point. If we did then we would not give you the guidance for fourth quarter that we did. But very much with thinking that very simply the customer has moved in when they could. Now if COVID spiked up again and they can because you have visitation bans or you have shutdown of facilities and all of those things, that you will see that. But most importantly, they moved in when they can. I was simply answering the question on the need-driven nature of our product and the secular demand of the product. COVID will eventually be behind us and the demand of the product hasn't changed through this period of time.
Shankh Mitra: Connor, we have made a very significant improvement even in last 90 days on point-of-care testing. We tested over 200,000 employees and residents and that continues to progress. We got some very significant improvement, I would say, in the last 45 days in that particular area, a point of -- in the testing side. But it's too premature to say how that will impact the consumer behavior and the ability to move in people. We think it will improve. But again, given the overall uncertain environment, it is too early for us to comment.
Shankh Mitra: I don't have the number percentage for you, but I can tell you that both of -- what was -- the two portfolios were sold, they were not in RIDEA 3.0 contracts. So your fundamental assumption will be correct.
Shankh Mitra: There is. So if you think about in today's marketplace, pay, if you take a very simple view of. What gets you financing is you've got to check three boxes, pretty assets, pretty market, most importantly, a very well-known well-reputed operator. If you can’t check all those three boxes, it will be very hard, if not impossible for you to line up financing. And that gets you to the everything else outside that. We talked about this on the last call. We are bringing our operators into asset. So these assets will become financeable but today, it's not. Many of these assets were built in the last two, three years, so they don't have a stabilized 2019 NOI that a lender can underwrite. So a lot of things we're buying brand-new assets that have been built last two to three years, does not fit that criteria. So those are the ones that we are doing. Interestingly, if you see that in real estate over a period of time for apples-to-apples, newer asset trades for higher prices than lower, but just really difference of CapEx that's relative to vintage. Given what happened today in the marketplace, you are seeing exactly opposite of that. Newer assets are trading at a discount purely because they can get financing because they don't have a stabilized NOI for a lender to underwrite. And that's where we are coming in to buy things for cash. So we don't obviously put financing in, we buy assets for cash. And that bringing in our operators that these assets are obviously owned by other capital partners of our existing operators and we're buying this asset. So there is a difference. So if you think about what we sold that checks all the boxes, pretty assets, pretty market and very experienced and well-known well-reputed operator. You missed one of those checks, it comes back to pretty much very, very few buyers in the marketplace as well as dominant one.
Shankh Mitra: I'd say we actually have wound down a lot of the activity that we had in the Dallas Procurement Center. That was very important to operations when -- to our operators' operations early on in the March and April period when the only way to access PPE or one of the only ways to kind of guarantee access to it was through scale. And I think as we've seen distribution channels normalize and they're still not back to where they would be pre-COVID. But as you've seen them normalize, our operator sale of assets PP&E and sales, and in instances like really haven't we've stepped in to help. But for the most part, that's going direct from operators to providers of PPE. And so I think in saying that the pricing is more of just seeing a bit of a normalization from -- if you look at mass prices where some as upwards of $8 on things are retailing $0.80 to $1.10 in a normal environment and they're still elevated even today. But if they're in the $3 to $4 range, it's come down significantly from what we're paying on average in the second quarter.
Shankh Mitra: We don't have an internal view of what we'd like to see the government do. I think it's been very beneficial to our operators to have seen them step in with the first tranche that they provided through HHS. And there's a second tranche that's currently being contemplated and has been open for application. It's more performance-based, the first one was just more based on 2019 revenue. But as far as kind of further funds from HHS, management doesn't have an internal view. Part of the reason why we’ve acted the way we have as far as building our balance sheet and continuing to strengthen our capital position is that we're not reliant on the duration of the pandemic or the government taking a view on funds to the industry.
Shankh Mitra: We do think that's a relevant metric. That's why we put out in our slide deck. However, as far as we understand, if you think about the business, the February marks the last month of pre COVID. So we're trying to understand the business trends, how that has changed through COVID. So putting out last -- year-over-year is not a function of just what's happening today. It's also a function of what happened last year. All of us on this call know what happened last year at this point is fairly irrelevant given how COVID has changed our business. But we do think that the point that you're making, which is the year over year decline is an important one, and that's why we put it in board face on our slide deck.
Shankh Mitra: So let me answer both of those two questions. Our near-term acquisition pipeline is primarily focused on senior housing. We have a couple of smaller MOB deals in the pipeline. However, it's primarily focused on senior housing because that's why we see the significant disruption on the pricing side. MOBs are not priced for distress and we see for the marginal use of the capital, we see significantly bigger opportunity on the senior housing side. And the East 56 Street, we're still waiting for our license, state seems to be opening up again for licensure. So when we get the licensure then we'll open the buildings for residents.
Shankh Mitra: That's a great question, Jordan and it's a tale of two cities. If you have, as I described previously, pretty assets, pretty markets and most importantly, experienced operator and a stabilized 2019 NOI base that a lender can underwrite, you cannot -- there's a feeding frenzy. You cannot have enough assets for capital to buy, because everybody -- private capital is not focused on what's going to be the occupancy from fourth quarter. They're focused on what's coming for next three year, five year, 10 years, 15 years and the opportunity to make generational return given where we are from an industry perspective, the demand side of the equation. So that sort of -- you have one side. On the other side, the finance misses one of those -- one or more of those checks that I talked about that you cannot finance those transactions today. And because of that, usually, transactions like that has been financed in the bank side of the house rather than life companies or agencies on stabilized assets. And banks are obviously not lending in the space today anywhere close to where they were. I I almost would venture, I guess, to say they're not lending at all other than like a couple of select circumstances. So you have a tale of two cities on those kind of assets, which are not financeable because of the -- you didn't check all the three boxes that I talked about, there's almost no bid for the asset, because we have to buy those assets for cash. And there we have very significant buyers who know we buy assets and we buy everything for cash. And so we're finding tremendous opportunity on that. And frankly, as I described previously, we're finding many of these assets you can buy brand-new assets at a significantly lower price than the older assets purely because of all the margin building activity that happened in our industry from, call it, ‘16, '17 to '18, '19, and those assets are, in many cases, are not financeable, and we're finding tremendous risk adjusted return. bringing our operators and our data capabilities and filling those assets out that you will see in next few years.
Shankh Mitra: There is only one pressure of buying things in our shop and that's price. We're not trying to fight assets exactly at the bottom regardless of outcome of election. It is possible that you will see asset prices are lower in three months than it is today. But again, if you think about the scale and scope of our balance sheet of how much value we want to create for our shareholders, if the asset prices go down we'll buy more. So there is no pressure other than price. And we can tell you at Welltower, we're [salivating] on the prices that we see today in the marketplace.
Tim McHugh: I'll start with that, Rich. It's higher than we usually see. You typically see kind of a 50 basis point decrease over that stretches from 4Q to 1Q, but over a typical seasonality of occupancy, you'll see 50 basis points lost over kind of the fourth quarter and first quarter. So this higher than that. And I think speaking about the seasonality is improvement, because it adds some uncertainty to the number, which is factored in now we're looking at the fourth quarter. We've talked about this a bit, at this point, in some ways, it's a best guy’s hypothesis and that we won't see as much of a seasonal change in demand just due to the disruption we've seen in this demand during the year. And so seasonality, there's two things that drive seasonality. There's change in seasonal demand and there's also the impact of the flu. I think data is very supportive of the flu. At this point won't play a large role in the typical seasonality we see. And on the demand side, we don't necessarily think that the typical demand changes we see will play a role. But the 100 basis points is really just due to the COVID environment, what we've seen so far in the quarter. And certainly, when I say COVID environment, it's really the national picture, the acceleration in cases and it’s that adding a bit of certainty to what the outlook is for the next two, three months.
Tim McHugh: So I think from the numbers and we're seeing in the market is we're not seeing a lot of evidence of concession. I think as Shank spoke to probably seeing more on the lower acuity side as far as just what we're seeing in the market as far as it’s because of some of the difference in kind of needs-based aspect of it that there is a little bit more of a consumer discretionary goods and therefore, you're seeing a bit more of that, I'd say, in the front end whereas on the assisted living side, you're seeing very little bit. We've talked about this a bit, community fees, which typically align with when you move in and are both kind of cover costs to move in, as well as having testing, et cetera, to get your acuity level of care. So you're seeing some discounting of those. And so we've said the combination of community fees coming through REVPOR is that you have people moving in on a year-over-year basis. So you're seeing kind of community fees in total come down and also you're seeing some discounting. And in assisted living importantly you’re not seeing discounting in care and more of the residents we're seeing coming in, they're coming in because of the care. And so there isn't a lot of price competition there. Reputation is a huge factor. You saw some competition in general in the market to the supply cycle over the last couple of years impact pricing. I'd say in the COVID environment, you're actually seeing a bit of that dissipate because more of the consumer residents are being attracted towards the better brand names and more well-known names in the market. So assisted living pricing is holding up, I'd say, pretty well, as said in the opening remarks, given the steepness of the occupancy declines.
Tim McHugh: I'll just add some commentary to the first part of your question, which is I want you to understand that we're not trying to buy and sell assets like trade assets, that's not our goal. Obviously, when we see how to finance a transaction, we're trying to always think about what our sources of capital will be. Sometimes that could be stock at some point in the cycle, some point that could be the equity that's trapped into the asset that you think have maximized under your sort of umbrella. So we have alluded to this before that the huge amount of portfolio transformation, which I believe sort of amounts to close to $30 billion of asset disposition and acquisition over the last five years, is roughly complete. However, we have seen that the propensity of companies to continue to grow and that is not inside Welltower. We're always trying to think how we maximize value per share for the continuing shareholder. You can say the one good thing will be when you’re exactly at the right place is just continue to sell your stock instead of selling your assets, and that would be a correct approach if you just look at capital allocation from the lens of spot NAV. I told you that's not how we see the world. We see the world from the perspective of long term IRR of what you're selling versus what you're buying and look at a comprehensive way of what your tools, the sort of sources and uses of capitals are. So we'll continue to do that. But the overall transformation of the portfolio that we wanted to do that some started, I would say we're roughly close to being done. But that doesn't mean that we'll not sell assets. We'll continue to sell assets if we think that is the best source of capital to fund what we are buying.
