Scott A. Estes: No. I think that's a good overview. Yes, Adam, we really are impressed with their focus on managing the business and managing their team. As it relates to some of the cost mitigation efforts, they really have been very focused and I think that's why they're so successful in achieving a lot of the potential cost savings for the year. Maybe, just to provide a little bit more color on that, they really looked at internally weighted benefits, that these incentives was a significant component of it. Overhead expenses, they've looked at. One thing that's interesting, they looked at their center level, individual facility level, spending by facility and actually ranked all their buildings to really assess any outliers and require them to reduce costs a bit, which are already in place, which has helped and some of the professionals’ and vendors’ savings that you'd expect them to be able to get. And actually, the only thing that's still pending, I think, as we move throughout the year, is a bit of the, I would call, the therapist productivity. A lot of the efforts they have to more efficiently build by giving their therapists at the bedside iPads to do realtime billing and that's going well, but I think the cost savings of that will be realized throughout the year.
Scott A. Estes: Sure. It's Scott, I'll try to take that. I think as it relates to the -- specifically, the 6.2% yield on the RIDEA deals. If you think about it, in my opinion, it really comes down to the quality of those assets first of all, you're in outstanding locations in West Coast markets. And the biggest component of those investments this quarter is the Merrill Gardens, which is actually not yet stabilized, which as I noted, will have higher growth than 5%, we think through 2014. So when you’re trying to take the aggregate picture in terms of growth, prospects and looking at these actual assets in the premier markets, generally, the West Coast plots better growth potential. I think you paint a pretty good risk-adjusted return picture.
Scott A. Estes: Yes. I think you probably risk -- think about the 7% starting yield, but think about the increases too, 2.5% on a triple net versus the 4% to 5% longer-term growth potential, if not a little bit better near term. And I’d also even point out too, we had some attractively priced debt on the Merrill Gardens portfolio, the $224 million at only 3.5% should probably be considered as well.
Scott A. Estes: Sure. I think we're actually -- we have a lot of flexibility entering 2012. We had, as I mentioned, only $610 million borrowed on the line, essentially at year end. And we actually had $163 million of cash with some dispositions that occurred right at the end of the fourth quarter helping the cash totals there. So the Chartwell transaction is not expected to close until the second quarter. And our cash requirement, really, for that is only about $250 million. So we're -- we actually have good flexibility from a capital perspective, but I do think we're -- as always, we're watching the debt market, the equity markets, pricing on it, 10-year for us today, I think is probably in about the 4.5% area; 7 years, probably, in about the 4% area. But again, I think with the -- most importantly, we have some good flexibility and have a lot of time to think about what we will need to do.
Scott A. Estes: I think, first -- just overall, James is referring to our G&A, which, in 2011 was about $77 million projected to increase about 18% to $91 million in 2012. The overall G&A, James, first, if you’re thinking about that, I actually think we're doing a good job trying to staff efficiently. We've really added some outstanding people and do need to retain them, but if you think about that, traditionally, the company is probably running about 50 to 60 basis points of G&A as a percentage of assets. And we just added $5.6 billion of net assets, but that G&A increase of $14 million is actually only a 25 basis point increase in G&A. So I think we're still actually staffing, as reasonably as we can. And I can see that George is very focused on controlling costs and we're all thinking a lot about that. As it relates to the $5 million, that has been in the first quarter numbers, probably, the last 4 or 5 years and basically, people, if they've had enough years of service with the company or are directors of the company, you expense the annual grants in the first quarter immediately.
Scott A. Estes: Ross, this is Scott. The number there is about 30 basis points of occupancy improvement and I believe, it was up 4.6%, which I called 5% in my prepared remarks, so a little less than 5% revenue per occupied unit increase. And margins, as a result -- if you can see in the same-store calculation, I think are up about 70 basis points.
Scott A. Estes: In my view it’s pretty good. We've always said 5% -- over 5% near term and I think the 3 or so quarters we've generated same-store cash NOI returns on the operating portfolio and, you guys can all look and don’t hold me to that either, I believe it was about 12% and about 2 quarters at 8% growth. So again, near term, I think we'd see some better growth. There’s a few of the assets in the portfolio as we've acquired [indiscernible] and we should continue to see some of those benefits over the near term. But again, long term, we still like where these operators are and think they’re the type of operators that we're comfortable believing can generate long-term NOI growth of 4% to 5%.
Scott A. Estes: It’s Scott Estes. I think it was about 60% this quarter, a little bit less. And the big reason was some of the significant level of acquisitions we completed during 2011. And when you really look at that, you will feel the Genesis is probably the most significant signature [ph] in there over time. So the bottom line is the expectation of 3% really comes from the triple-net seniors housing hospitals. And skilled nursing are basically 2.5% to 3% growth. You have some higher growth projected out of the RIDEA portfolio, as well as the Life Science at 5%. And the medical office portfolio, we're roughly projecting flat to up a percent same-store NOI. We do have a small amount of leases expiring in the MOB portfolio. It's slightly lower yields that's impacting that number. But all in all, 3% is a reasonable expectation.
Scott A. Estes: No. We do not include any permanent financing in those numbers, nor did we include any investments, as I said, beyond what's in there. The biggest variability in the range that we provide is the dispositions. Basically, if you take $200 million at 11% at the beginning or the end of the year, it gets you -- you're about $0.10 flexibility in the guidance number.
Scott A. Estes: Tayo, pro forma for the deals announced in the fourth quarter plus the Chartwell deal is about 17.5%. So the NOI, that's about what we've talked about -- we've talked in general and as we evaluate our longer-term strategy, I mean, 20% range is a nice balance we think of having operating asset exposure.
Scott A. Estes: Yes. I think that's right. I mean, for us to add potentially starts of $300 million to $500 million a year would be just a nice supplement to an acquisition program that's been very active. And as George mentioned, the 2 MOBs we started this quarter, are 100% pre-leased and everyone else is an existing operator, generally, with the combination of seniors housing facility.
Scott A. Estes: Yes. We're still evaluating that Tayo, as we think about it, obviously, everyone will want to understand the performance of that portfolio and we will give as much as we can. Yes, I still think we are just talking about it internally and haven't finalized it, but we'll make sure people can understand how they and the overall RIDEA portfolio are performing.
Scott A. Estes: We actually didn't mention that. You didn't miss it. We’re again benefiting in 2011 from the stronger-than-expected bumps we put there on our entrance fee portfolio this year. That's driving the a little bit more than you'd expect to more normal 2.5% to 3% growth there. But we increased rents and our entrance fee portfolio at a greater rate during 2011.
Scott A. Estes: No, we didn't. We actually could do that, we -- you could just calculate it probably from the 4 quarters that we've reported, but we did not do that and I don't have that right in front of me. But I do recall that most of the quarters this year have been what guides between 3% and 4%, so my guess is it'd be somewhere in that range, if not even a little bit better. It’s generally towards the 4% range.
Scott A. Estes: This is Scott. I guess, I'd just be speculating. My guess would be that over the next year or 2. We’re still getting some benefit and we would hope to have some stronger growth for a while, but again, that 4% to 5% long-term growth rate would be great for those assets.
Scott A. Estes: I guess that my rough answer would be they’d be slightly higher than the yields we reported because of that, but it obviously depends on the asset quality and the size of the portfolio and its growth potential. But I would guess, something in the 6.5% to 7% range for high-quality stuff.
Scott A. Estes: It’s Scott Estes. I’ll take a shot at that one. I think you're correct, we have seen a little bit less than what was projected in terms of the aggregate potential impact of the Medicare rate increases and the therapy changes. Does it change what we're trying to do? Probably not because the bottom line is we're really focused on just a handful of key relationships in the skilled nursing post-acute area. Frankly, 5 to 7 operators in particular that we're likely to continue to grow with. And I guess, maybe, that could mean, with those operators, we may get more comfortable growing sooner than later, but I think most importantly, as George mentioned, we'll continue to probably creep up our aggregate private payments from the low 70s, now toward 80% over time.
Scott A. Estes: That CapEx does not come through, so that will come in -- we'll have to give you that information in the supplement, Rob, but in a 50-50 building, the only -- everything will come in on the net income line in terms of the interest in unconsolidated entities line. For the 3 buildings only, it will be consolidated in our RIDEA portfolio and you would see those facilities, but we'll help you guys do that.
Scott A. Estes: Tayo, it's Scott Estes. I think probably, your best convention modeling is to assume middle of the year.
Scott A. Estes: It does include our estimate for the entrance fee portfolio. I think it's net annually about 3% to 4% of the total. We did see an increase in both entrance fee and rental occupancy of 2% this quarter and based on where we're at, we were able to increase at least with our largest operator, the aggregate payments to us by about 4 point -- a little over 4% in 2012. That's included in that number.
George L. Chapman: Well, clearly, you're identifying a success story, Bryan. In the fourth quarter, when we already were adding on assets in the Merrill Gardens and the Brandywine and Silverado portfolios, it's showing that as we add each different operator, new operator, it's just adding to the opportunity to do a large cumulative amount of investments each year. But I think we're going to stick with him. They're going to have to do right now because we think that while there may be some ongoing consolidation in the next year, or maybe, in the next 2 years, that, that's more of a steady-state kind of number that we think is a fair one, once we reach that time when things are a little slower and there's been more consolidation and growth.
George L. Chapman: I think, Ross, that it sort of confirms our premise that some of these high-end markets have a lot of pricing power, and are very strong facilities. So we're really pleased with that number as well.
George L. Chapman: Ross, we've been really looking at Medicaid-oriented SNFs and a number of those have been in our portfolio for a long time and they have high yields. And that's just a choice we're making to gradually dispose of assets that perhaps won't be as closely aligned with our strategy in the future.
George L. Chapman: We've talked about being careful about development, but in the -- let me get into the acute care space too, it's -- clearly, there is more profound change occurring in the medical facilities, health system area and we have found some awfully good pre-leased top and large MOBs to do with great systems. And we will do a certain amount of that. We tend to limit those developments to around $300 million in a year when we go into our planning with John and his team. And then on senior housing, there has been surprisingly little development and we would do some development of high-end facilities with our existing operators, with whom we have master leases and a great deal of confidence. So there is some room for development, but again, we're looking at $200 million to $300 million on each category is sort of our cap.
George L. Chapman: Well, I think we see a little development check. These are filling very quickly. It’s not like years ago -- 10 or 15 years ago, when a lot of development was going on and it was really a tough slog and they're doing all -- all doing very well.
George L. Chapman: Well, you should note that back in late 1990s, was it? We were over in England with -- the U.K. with Dan Beatty [ph], Bill Carlson [ph] and another -- and we had a local partner, Pat Carter [ph], who ran the fourth largest skilled nursing facility public company in that country. So if we have the right opportunities, we would look hard at it, but I will tell you that, one has to really look hard at the opportunity cost, the time commitment and we would only go in if we had really excellent opportunities with local partners like we did years ago in Great Britain, and as we are doing now with Brent and his team up in Canada.
George L. Chapman: We're really focusing on driving our private-pay percentage up to 80%, in part, so we don't have to talk about reimbursement, I suppose. And so -- and we're not eager to do that right now in Canada, I think this is a great first step to learn more, to be with the top senior housing operator in Canada. And then we'll have years to evaluate what, if any, additional moves we make in any country.
George L. Chapman: Yes, we have. And we've done a lot of work just with our assisted living, senior housing and post-acute operators here in our headquarters talking about that very topic, as well as best practices and other ways to develop win-win situations and maybe even joint buying and other things like that. But an example in, actually out East, Dan, is with a new hospital that we've done a lot of work with, health system, great health system, one of our assisted living operators is actually building right to the north of the hospital and one of our top post-acute operators is building right adjoining the hospital and there are ongoing discussions about how they can vet one another and to be prepared for ACOs, bundled payments, when they actually hit. Everybody’s trying real hard to figure out how to do it and how to do it effectively and we've been right in the middle of it and we're hoping that our concentration -- areas of concentration will continue to provide an opportunity for John Thomas and Chuck Herman and our people on both sides of the house and myself to foster more collaboration because frankly, even without stiff penalties being in place right now, there are some benefits for trying to deliver health care much more effectively and cost efficiently. So we've been very active in that area. And we're starting to see a lot of really good collaboration developing.
George L. Chapman: And I think, Todd, the other point I would make is that while we're going to have sort of a cap, at least for a while on how many RIDEA deals we do, to work on it, watch it and just make sure that they are working as well as we thought. And so far, they're great. The real strategy is to partner with the best operators. And many times, an operator has a strong preference for a RIDEA structure or a net-lease deal and we want to be with the best and the brightest and support them and grow with them. And as Scott says, of course, you have to worry about how you price it if perhaps there's higher occupancy and things like that. But again, I want to get back to basics and that is we want to be supporting the best health systems, the best senior housing and care operators in the country and some of them are going to be done through RIDEA and some through triple-net. And we think we have assembled just an outstanding group of operators and health systems.
George L. Chapman: Not at the moment. Not at the moment. I think it’s more of a generic desire to have a higher private pay.
George L. Chapman: Thanks very much. I'd like to thank everybody for participating in the call. A very productive call for us and we're very, very pleased with what we've managed to achieve in terms of our investments and forming the relationships with new operators and new health systems and developers. So with that, I'd just remind you that we'll be available for any follow-up questions later. Thank you.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Rich, this is Scott. There are, I’d say, 3 or 4 fill-up buildings that are sort of less than 2 or 3 years old that still have census in the 70% to 80% range that we think over the next 3 years will improve to the 90-plus percent range. The other point that I would make is that in Canada a number of these markets had some overbuilding over the last 5 years that's starting to burn its way through. So industry wide, in Canada, the census is down 300 or 400 basis points from 3 or 4 years ago. And we're finally starting to see that sort of move back in the correct direction. So at least long-term, we think sort of low 90s -- 91%, 92% is highly achievable, that's what Chartwell had done historically. And this portfolio, the 88%, we think there really is some 400 basis points of growth over the next 3 or 4 years.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. It is market specific, but if I had to make a general comment, I would say Ontario suffered more than Québec.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. It's a good question. This is Scott again. It really comes down to the importance of immediate accretion to them. These are 3 very high-quality purpose-built fairly new buildings that haven't yet filled. They have occupancy around 70%. So when you look at the purchase price versus the NOI that's there today, at least for Chartwell, the immediate accretion wasn't there, that they needed. We like the growth profile in those assets and we think that our purchase price over time is more than reasonable and we're happy to own them.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Jeff, I would just mention that it's all private pay and the buildings are comparable to what you would see in the U.S. If anything, they're a little bit bigger, but they have en suite bathrooms, all the amenities that you would want and expect in the high-end U.S. senior housing market. So we think that we'll do some site visits and people will be very excited about the quality of the real estate that they see in addition to the operating partner.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, this is Scott on it, Jeff. Better for them to answer that question, but our best guess is that it's a huge portfolio. This is a meaningful increase in the size of their company. They raised some capital last night to help them pay for it and I'm not sure that they could have raised as much as they needed to, to fund it 100%. We've been talking to Brent and his team over the last year about any number of opportunities and decided that we had a common approach to doing business and there were mutually beneficial opportunities on both sides of the border for us to work together.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. That's correct, Jeff. That is not included in the $925 million purchase price and similarly, we did not take any credit for that in the NOI or cap rate expectation that we've provided.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, this is Scott again. It is independent living, but all of these buildings have the ability to provide services. So there's no nursing care happening. This is all private pay but certainly activities of daily living is something that can be provided, but if you were to walk through the facilities, they’re very low acuity. Chartwell, over time, may decide that the best approach in this specific building is to add more health care services, they have that ability and capability. But today, it's a very low acuity portfolio.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, I don't think it's necessary probably to go into the details, but one thing that we liked about the Canadian market, in addition to its proximity, is the fact that the tax burden is very low. So most of the taxation is actually upon the exit from the investment, which may or may not ever happen. So the taxes during the holding period are very low and therefore, attractive to us. So it won't meaningfully reduce our yields.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, this is Scott. I mean, there are a few facilities that don't perfectly fit our profile and we’ll evaluate whether the right approach is to add services, renovate or sell, but that's a small number out of the 42. Most of these are very high quality in markets that perfectly fit our profile.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. They're similar. They're a little bit more weighted towards independent living and they are a little bit bigger. One thing that Merrill does is try to fill the facility with independent residents that then might add services over time. So a newer building would tend to have a much lower acuity resident than one that’s been in existence and managed by Merrill for a number of years.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, this is Scott Brinker. The NOI growth on the U.S. assets is higher than in Canada. They're both well in excess of the triple-net lease escalators that we're accustomed to, but there is a meaningful difference over the next 3 years at least, especially in the Merrill Gardens portfolio, with respect to NOI growth.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, let me clarify. The 4% to 5% is upon stabilization and I would say that the growth profile in the 2 portfolios are similar once they're stabilized. Over the next 3 years the fill-up, and therefore, NOI growth in Merrill Gardens is much higher.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. This is Scott, again. There are 6 buildings of the 9 that are above 90%. There is one building in San Diego that just opened recently, so that is driving down the portfolio average. And then there are 2 in California that are below 90%, closer to 85%, that we would expect to stabilize in the low 90s over the next year or 2.
Scott M. Brinker: And then if I could add, George, it may have been a little bit lost in the shuffle, but we did start $150 million of development projects this quarter, at a blended yield projection of about 9%.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. This is Scott. So the current margins are in the low to mid-30s and we would expect to stabilize the margin in mid- to high-30s.
Scott M. Brinker: It does not. This is Scott, again. It is within defined boundaries of the joint venture assets that we acquired in this portfolio.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, this is Scott Brinker. The 39 buildings that are on 50-50, everything is 50-50. There are no promoted interests or anything so we split all the cash flows equally and all the capital expenditures equally. In terms of the CapEx that will be needed over time, it helps that the buildings have been well maintained by the current owners and are relatively new. Best guess is $1,000 a unit plus/minus. We’ll have to assess that over time, but we think based on the age of the assets, these are probably at the low end of the spectrum range for CapEx.
Scott M. Brinker: We would. It's just a matter of how it's priced. Benchmark portfolio that we bought a year ago was -- had occupancy in the low 90s. We've been able to increase that slightly and generate some very strong NOI growth. But the cap rate on that portfolio was a little bit lower than it would have been on a fill-up portfolio like you see with Merrill Gardens.
Scott M. Brinker: Not necessarily. There's a buy-sell after 10 years, but otherwise, there's no right to acquire their interest or for them to acquire our interest.
Stephanie Anderson: Yes. We have spent some time over the last year or so looking at different marketplaces and Canada we thought was unique in the sense that their growth of the elderly population as a percent even exceeds the U.S. There's also -- they've had less of a hit to their economy by the housing there. So even though there was some overbuilding, specifically in the seniors housing market, it did not impact their economy and so the stability of that economy was an advantage. We also are very lucky to have the top operator as our partner there. We think that the growth in -- to grow with them in that market will be extremely successful and so all of those things really are what drove us to Canada.
Stephanie Anderson: It's a very similar marketplace to the U.S. That was one of the things that also attracted us to that market. It's understandable, it's mainly -- it's lower acuity. These are really independent living facilities. The difference in Canada is that they have specialized health care once you reach a certain age and acuity level. So that causes there to be less acuity in this portfolio. There's also been some changes on the regulatory side in Canada that happened this last year, where they're starting to have more licensing requirements, as well as they've moved the acuity levels up to be able to move into the socialized housing. So therefore, that creates additional private pay opportunities, which, over the next 5, 10 years, we think will be an advantage.
Stephanie Anderson: Yes, right. There is -- in Canada, there is an acuity test for when you will go into a government-sponsored -- they call it a nursing -- they call it long-term-care homes. It is not the same as our nursing homes in the U.S -- if you went to visit one, they are much lower acuity. If you went back 10 years ago in the U.S. when the hospitals did not have DRGs and there were -- the elderly ended up staying longer time periods in the hospital. So that is more similar to where the Canadian health care market is today. So you have their government supported with long-term-care home, which is more like a -- it's more like assisted living in the U.S. today. But you do have that gap where you have someone that is not going to live at home, may need some supportive services that they do not qualify for the long-term care homes. And that is a gap that -- the gap in acuity is expanding and we do believe there's a lot of opportunity there to provide those services. And yes, definitely, with Alzheimer's and things like that, it's a lower acuity Alzheimer's than what you would see in the U.S. but...
Stephanie Anderson: They don't really have the same -- definitely they have the ability to offer those additional services already. It would not necessarily have to be an outside agency. Chartwell as an operator -- is an operator in Canada and they operate along the continuum in Canada. So we can add nurses to the building if necessary. We can add caregivers. It's just a little bit less regulated market plays right there today. So there is a lot of flexibility in the way that we work with the portfolio to provide additional services.
Stephanie Anderson: And this is Stephanie. We look at this as a long-term partnership. As George spoke to you earlier, on our relationship strategy, we would like to grow in Canada alongside with Chartwell. That would be our long-term plan.
John T. Thomas: Yes, the -- Mike Noto’s team were working hard market-by-market to get the best rates possible. Again, our increase in occupancy -- or our increase in the percentage we're building to affiliate with healthcare systems, again, we get stronger rates and stronger renewals because of that. So that's again, we continue to focus on that. That's where we're getting better rates to market, based on that concentration.
John T. Thomas: Yes. I apologize. They're at or below -- we did find some very attractive high-quality assets in the fourth quarter with rates either at or below, that was very attractive. Increase was built into those leases.
John T. Thomas: Atlanta and Central Texas. Dallas -- North Dallas in the Southlake area; Houston -- excuse me, Atlanta and then Central Texas.
John T. Thomas: There's a lot of competition in the medical office space and a lot of kind of alternative capital and private equity chasing medical office space. So there has been cap rate compression, generally. We've been very disciplined on pricing, been particularly focused on the quality of assets as presented on the website today. And the assets that we picked up, as I mentioned before, the very high occupancy, located on great hospital system campuses, great hospital tenants, and as I said before, the in-place leases were kind of at the high end of increases and we're looking for -- to increase the NOI growth of those potential. So very appropriate pricing for these assets and we look forward to touring you through them in Dallas or in Atlanta when you have the opportunity.
John T. Thomas: Yes, a great question. We build it in to our underwriting and reserve, but again these are very new assets and the age of our portfolio is younger, much younger than our competitors and these are all fairly new assets. So kind of $0.50 a foot from time to time is an appropriate reserve.
John T. Thomas: Yes, very, very low turnover. We've got about 6% of our portfolio rolling in '12, 5% to 6% next year and the next, we've really -- Mike Noto’s done a great job of spreading out renewals and getting longer-term leases in place for us. We have a very balanced portfolio and again, the downside of this and what we just acquired in the fourth quarter, those come in at about 94% occupancy. So very little roll in the next few years.
Charles J. Herman: I mean, generally, the market -- we have -- as George stated, we're feeling pretty good about those prospects, especially with the quality of the operators that we've got in place. These guys tend to find a lot of off-market transactions, which gives us a more stable growth profile over time. We also are seeing a fair number of portfolios, as George stated as well, so we feel pretty strong about the market right now.
Charles J. Herman: What we're following -- on the senior housing side, yes, it really depends on the size of the asset and the pre-leasing, generally, the ones -- the newer ones that we're doing tend to have pretty strong pre-leasing in the seniors space. A lot of John's stuff in the medical office building, they are 100% pre-leased the day the doors get opened. So I would say, it depends on size on the seniors side and the amount of pre-leasing, 12 to 18 months is pretty typical in our space.
Charles J. Herman: Yes, they’re on target. On the medical side, we don't start development projects unless they're 75% pre-leased and we're hitting close to full occupancy, if not 100%, before they're opened or complete leasing before they're opened.
Charles J. Herman: No, I think people -- several of our operators have done extremely well. So it's case-by-case basis, but generally, we feel pretty strong about the market right now.
