John Burkart: Thank you, Shankh. Another great quarter like last quarter, just better. Our total portfolio generated a 12.7% same-store NOI growth over the prior year's quarter, led by the Senior Housing Operating portfolio with 24.2% year-over-year growth. These great results speak for themselves, so I will provide limited color on the quarterly results and focus more on the future, including the billions of dollars in value that are being unlocked as a result of the management transition we announced last night. First, on results. The medical office portfolio's second quarter same-store NOI growth was 3.2% over the prior year's quarter. Same-store occupancy was 95.1% while retention remains extremely strong across the portfolio at 92.5%, highlighting the stability of the relationships as well as the quality of the portfolio. The 24.2% second quarter NOI increase in our same-store Senior Housing Operating portfolio was a function of 9.9% revenue growth driven by the combination of 7.3% RevPOR growth and 190 basis points of occupancy. As a note, this number excludes the U.K. communities, we recently transitioned to Avery that were originally included in the guidance. These communities grew occupancy at 9% year-over-year. So including the communities, our total portfolio same-store occupancy growth would have been 20 basis points higher at 210 basis points. Though exclusion of these communities has a negative impact on our annual occupancy growth debt, we maintained our guidance given the market strength we are seeing. Additionally, expenses remain in control, coming in at 5.8% for the quarter over the comparable prior year's quarter. More specifically, the pressure we experienced from a tight labor market over the past two years and broad-based use of agency has continued to abate. In fact, agency expense as a percentage of total compensation for the quarter declined substantially from nearly 8% in the first quarter of last year. This outstanding revenue growth and expense growth led to substantial margin expansion of 290 basis points. All three regions continue to show strong same-store revenue growth, starting with Canada at 8.1% and in the U.S. and U.K. growing at 9.9% and 13%, respectively. The strong revenue growth in each region, combined with the expense controls have led to fantastic NOI growth in Canada, the U.S. and U.K. of 17.2%, 24.8% and 38.2%, respectively. On to the management transition. We're very excited about the value being unlocked as a result of these transitions. Having the right manager for an asset is critical. The fact that Shankh has repeatedly stated, these transitions accomplish that objective while improving each operator's concentration of Welltower assets in various markets, a key factor to operational excellence. Concentration brings increased effectiveness and increased efficiency through improving the value proposition for customers in numerous ways, including greater choices and frictionless transfers, improving the value proposition for employees, including improved training and career paths and improving the efficiency of vendors operating at multiple sites, translating into increased NOI growth. The benefits of increased concentration, which show up in margins have been proven many times over with the multifamily REITs. Welltower is now beginning to harvest those benefits. We continue to make substantial progress on our platform and the related rollout. To provide you with one example, one of our operators with over 50 properties is fully and rapidly transitioning to our platform over the coming three to 12 months. We've been working with them over the past year via our aggressive asset management program, enabling them to increase occupancy over 600 basis points in the last year. As I've mentioned in the past, the platform isn't only about technology. It's about people, processes, data and technology. After seeing the amazing improvement in occupancy in the 12 months related to our focus on processes, they are fully embracing our entire platform. I'm grateful that they see the opportunity and benefit of pursuing operational excellence, and I appreciate their partnership. Additionally, as Shankh mentioned, we are partnering with Cogier, the premier Canadian operator for the management of many of our Canadian transition assets. The best outcomes are achieved by working with the best people and the best operators. I'm very excited about the opportunity to partner with Matthew and Frederic and their team at Cogier on this new venture and the incredible value we will create for our investors. More to come in the coming year. I'll now turn the call over to Tim.
John Burkart: It's a really good question. A lot of it really is what I would call relates to leadership, and that's because a lot of a transition relates to execution. So having the outstanding partners that we have, working together as a team to anticipate opportunities and issues, connecting with people. All these issues, all these items are about people, so connecting with the people, the sites and finding it all out flawlessly and executing flawless is what's changing that game. There's a lot of details involved each of these -- in each of these situations, there's literally transition teams that are 24/7 focus 100% on all the details and then there's operating teams that are focused on the operations. So a lot of work, but ultimately, it's leadership that changes that game.
John Burkart: The -- as far as for how it works, I'll talk about that and I'll let Shankh talk about the expansion. But as far as how it works, it's working fantastic right now. I'm partnering up with Frederic and we're working together really on the vision, the strategy and oversight. Cogier is handling all the execution on the daily decisions and all that type of stuff. And what you have is a very synergistic team, we're both extremely excited about re-envisioning the opportunity to reposition these assets. And so we're excited about what we're creating there. But I won't be involved in the daily aspects of it. I -- there a fantastic operator. There's no value there. I'm focused to get on the bigger picture items.
John Burkart: Yes. So the comments, if I remember correctly myself, was the COO called us and it was funny to me said, gee, you've done so much to increase leads. We're struggling in getting our hands around that in that pilot, and they definitely did get their hands around it. It's a staffing opportunity there. We're continuing to roll out -- move from pilot to rollout, and so we're pressing forward. And as I mentioned, we have another operator that's jumping on 100% on board and we'll be pushing forward their platform up with our venture up in Canada as well. We're seeing terrific results through the marketing efforts that we're applying. And what that does to pricing power, in essence, our focus is on maximizing NOI, right? So we're looking at combination between price, between occupancy, recognizing that occupancy comes with a price. So yes, we will push a little bit more on price and find the right point there, but it's what's providing our outstanding results.
John Burkart: Yes. That's really a great question. And I think it's something that is -- we haven't talked about it that much. And the reality that I think it's completely underappreciated as far as the future earnings potential of this portfolio. You look at our portfolio is roughly 20 years old in the Senior Housing business, and that is the sweet spot for renovation. It's one I typically call fluff and buff because what you have is your infrastructure plumbing and roofing this kind of stuff is in typically good order. But what isn't in good order is the first impressions, amenities, units and that type of thing. So I have been aggressively building out a renovation team in-house team at Welltower experts, and we are launching -- what you'll see is we'll start launching on pretty massive renovation programs, West Coast, East Coast, Canada, U.K., all these things are lining up, and we're at the beginning stages but the impact should be very positive on NOI for certain, obviously, increasing occupancy first and occupancy and rate. The value proposition opportunity is significant. I've walked numerous properties in all the regions. And it's clearly a very big opportunity and having the expertise that we're bringing to the table will truly change the game in renovation of senior housing.
Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Tim. We're currently living in an uncertain macroeconomic environment where the outlook is getting marked here by the day. One day it is sunny and the next day, all people see our dark clouds. The Federal Reserve appears to be resolute in its fight against inflation and seems far less inclined to come to rescue private and public markets as most participants like to hope for. Against this backdrop, we continue to take a very balanced approach as we consider both growth opportunities and risk environment. On one hand, we remain prudent and continue our deleveraging through rapid organic growth and appropriate capitalization of our external growth opportunities. On the other hand, we're aggressively putting capital to work, though where ever more price and return conscious. We cannot predict the macro, but we can predict with a high degree of confidence what is likely to come on a micro basis. And that is while we are seeing growth rolling over in most asset classes, including most other real estate property types, both the demand and supply outlook are getting better for us as we look into '24 and '25. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter call, I believe we're at the beginning of multiyear double-digit NOI growth cycle for our business, resulting from a long runway of occupancy gains rate growth and operating margin expansion. At Project Transformers, along with the relentless optimization of our operating platform, the impact which will start to show up in next year and the constraint reloading of our external growth and or perhaps the growth Bazooka at this point, through a highly targeted deals, you get an ideal setup for accelerating earnings and cash flow growth as we look into next year. With that, we'll open the call up for questions.
Shankh Mitra: Jonathan, we are not going to give away how we do these things today versus what we happened before. But I have mentioned in previous calls, that we have learned finally under John's leadership, how to do these transitions, right? But that's our proprietary obviously, you're seeing [indiscernible] that's showing up in the results, but we're not going to give away our secrets obviously on this call.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. Steven, we're not going to get into what other players might or might not be seeing. We can only tell you what we are seeing, we're seeing a very strong start of the spring selling -- summer selling season. If you think about how this business works, Obviously, the activities pick up very significantly, sales start to happen in sort of second quarter. That translated into third quarter, early fourth quarter occupancy gains. That's seasonally how the business works. And we have seen some significant traction this summer as we're moving into third quarter. We're seeing pricing trends getting better, occupancy trends getting better. So I really have no idea what you're referring to. But I can tell you that we're very pleased with second quarter occupancy, right? John just mentioned, our reported same-store numbers are impacted by the removal of the U.K. assets. But we're very, very pleased with what we have seen. We don't know what future holds. I'm not going to try to sit here and guess what the future will look like. But the promise we made to you and our owners is very simple. We will get more than what the market gives us, right? That's our execution. And we're very pleased with what we have seen so far. If you look at the demand supply, trends are getting better every day. It's not the other way around.
Shankh Mitra: The answer is the Sunrise contracts are not what you described. We restructured a contract with Sunrise in 2011 -- 2021, sorry 2021 and Sunrise is fully aligned with us with the principal philosophy that we're seeing ensuing together. So many years ago, I have described that our fundamental philosophy under my team's leadership has changed from owning part of management company's equity to contract. That's what we have described. And as you can see in one of the slides we have described a 7-year long effort to transform all our contracts from sort of top line focused contracts to bottom line focus contract where we think and swim together and virtually all of our contracts are there today. So that sort of hopefully gives you an answer to your question. We do not believe and we haven't done in sort of having influence on our communities through owning part of management contract part of management companies. We do it through our contracts, and that's where you can see in the evolution of those contracts.
Shankh Mitra: From an expansion standpoint, my comment that I made that this joint venture will have rapid growth. That comment obviously means that you will see that we're expanding where we're very excited about Canada and doing lots of expansions in Canada that will come. We're focused -- you think about it in a very simplistic terms, this platform that we're launching, we'll be focused on English-speaking Canada. Cogier has a tremendous brand in the French Canada and we'll watch this together from that. Now what we do in U.S. is a different conversation. Just understand that our PLR is on independent living and majority of our exposure in independent living is in Canada. That's why we're starting this.
Shankh Mitra: Let me see if I can answer your 5-part question. Likely, I will forget some pieces. So be -- frankly speaking, if we just take a step back and understand what's happening the stress that we see are not cash flow driven, the stress that we see are balance sheet driven. And the balance sheet driven comes in many forms. There's a significant lack of equity and debt capital today. In fact, when we say the debt market is functioning not functioning, most people assume that sort of the mid market remains, and it's not growing, it remains fairly flat. That's not what's happening today. The debt market -- Banks are under significant pressure from regulators to show up capital, which means they are actually selling they're shrinking, right? Then you add on top of that, a lot of the construction that happened between '15 and '19 time frame, they're on SOFR based loans, they're on LIBOR-based loans. And given how much that base rates have gone up, right, 500-plus basis points just in the last 12 months, is putting tremendous pressure. You think about it where a LIBOR plus 350, 400 it today, you are at 8%, 9% rate. And you just cannot -- these capital structures were not envisioned for that kind of rate environment. So you've got massive pressure on that. Then you see even people who put float caps, a lot of these floater caps are coming off second half of this year and next year. So and you add insert injury, majority of Senior Housing loans actually come with personal guarantees. So I can go on and on and on, but that's not the point. What you're asking is, is very simply, these assets are not stressed, the balance sheet behind assets are stressed. And we are ready and willing. And to do these executions, you just -- you need two things. You need cash because that we're not showing up with subject to financing, we're showing up with cash. And the other very important thing is operating partners. You need both to solve people's problems, their balance sheet problems and the go-forward problems, and that's why we're doing it. Now we're not going to get into on this call a multiyear sort of a earnings growth projection. As Tim has alluded to, DCR's earnings growth is significantly impacted by, obviously, our floating rate debt as well as strong dollar. You know what those numbers are. We have pointed out unless you believe rates are going from 5.5% to 11% again, you should not have those kind of impacts going forward, right? So from the NOI growth, with that, you can figure it out what that looks like. But from my comment, you can figure out that we're very excited about an accelerating earnings and cash flow growth trajectory as we look into '24.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So I'll start with the last. Obviously, these assets have both occupancy and significant margin growth potential. With the occupancy, obviously, as you understand sort of the flow-through mechanics of this business. Majority of the profitability in the business is after, call it, 80% occupancy because there's very significant fixed costs. So incremental margin, if you will, after 80% occupancy is, call it, 70-plus margin. And then as you get closer to 90% or 90% -- about 90% occupancy we're at kind of 90 -- your incremental margins approach 90%, right? So majority of the profitable hockey stick profitability in that kind of 10% plus occupancy range. So that's what's the driver of the growth that we think baked into this. So we like buying low basis, lower occupancy portfolio. That's sort of what we do. We do not like to pay a cash flow on a highly occupied high NOI, which drives into obviously results into high-basis assets. We just don't do that here. That sort of gives you the answer to the second question, right? Let's just talk about the first question, which is a very simple question. You should assume a year 1 in this batch of acquisitions, roughly around 6%, going into 7 plus, following the math I just described to you.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So we have never gotten into the time line of our bridge. This is part of our bridge, obviously. We'll leave you to determine when we think stable occupancy will come. And so that's part of your sort of answer to the first part of your question. The second part, I just want to point out one thing is what we are suggesting here is that $120 million we mentioned is part of the $414 million or so of the bridge. So that's what it is. If we thought that's all we're going to get, we would not have done it. In other words, the bridge, the fundamental tenet of the bridge is we go back to fourth quarter of '19 occupancy. If you look at Page 32, which sort of shows one of these transitions we have done, not only the first 6 that we gave it to Oakmont, exactly two years ago, today is actually exactly two years. These occupancies are above 90% where the prior peak was 86% and change in 2016. That gives you and I expect -- fully expect to believe they will be in mid-90s in the next few months. That gives you a sense of where we think the occupancy will go and what the margin will follow. For example, let me give you another example, the Canadian example. The Revera properties that we mentioned, I believe one of the pages said is like low sites occupancy. That portfolio is sitting at 23% margin, give or take today. I mentioned to you that Cogier runs in their Canadian portfolio of 40-plus person margin, that sort of gives you a sense of where we think that these properties can go. 120 is part of the bridge that shows you 414. But if we thought 120 is all we're going to get, we would not have done it.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So one, we're not going to sit here and try to predict what will happen 6 months from now, but I expect a very strong rate environment in 2024 as well. What will that be exactly depends on a lot of things, but I have no reason to believe in a better environment of demand and supply, we're not going to have a strong pricing power. But we'll see when we get there.
Shankh Mitra: We have a lot of conviction on both continue to optimizing the labor side and other expenses. I would rather not get into what drivers you might get in the next 6 months versus 12 months, but I will point out that the utility side, the energy side, last fall was very, very significant hit.  So at least as we lap going into '24, we should get from a year-over-year perspective and frankly, energy prices have come down, we should see some benefit. But we're not going to sit here and just try to predict what might or not might play out on, but I will say that you have heard from our prepared remarks that we're feeling very good about continued margin expansion, not just sort of going back to pre-COVID, but we do think that John will take these margins much higher over a period of time.
Shankh Mitra: So first thing is, I'm going to elaborate again. I think I've done it before. I'm just going to tell you, we don't lend against assets that we don't want to own at the last dollar basis that we -- our loan sits at. So that's sort of the fundamental premise that we have. Having said that, different transactions come in different forms, were here to help people provide -- were here to help owners and borrowers with liquidity that they might need or institutions which owns already owns those loans. How different transaction will play out, whether it's an existing loan or we're coming in to provide capital, I don't know that yet. We are -- our focus investors and simple debt yield will determine where we get to, but just a coupon is less interesting for us. We'll start, obviously, probably we're thinking about how we can get equity returns. If we're just going in and 100 on the dollar when we are actually loaning into a situation that doesn't have debt. Or if it is existing debt, we're going to have to think about what type of discount gives us the right return, assuming we get our money back. And if we don't, we're comfortable owning the asset at that last dollar basis, philosophically, that's what we think about it. Every transaction is different.
Shankh Mitra: We'll have to get back to you on that. But generally speaking, you have assisted living fail further. So obviously, it has longer to come back. Independent living didn't fall that far, but it has been coming back slowly sort of slowly. But specifically, our portfolio has changed materially since '19 as far as Independent Living and Assisted Living is concerned. So we will have to those numbers and get back to you. But clearly speaking, I will tell you, the Assisted Living continue to outperform, we are seeing Independent Living is starting to come back. And frankly speaking, Independent Living for us, like 75%, 80% is Canada, and it's just sort of more of a -- I don't know it's a product comment or it's sort of it's a country comment, right? We're seeing very strong performance finally coming out of Canada, and we expect that will get better as all this sort of optimization that we're talking about around the [indiscernible] will play out but I cannot tell you, John, is it that if a product thing or just a country thing because majority of Independent portfolio sits in Canada.
