Shankh Mitra: I want to sum it up -- sum up the call by saying I cannot be more pleased with the internal and external growth prospects of the Company. We have taken a lot of shots, suffered a lot of pain for the course of many years to finally get to the point where we believe we're primed for long-term compounding. The only way we know how to create significant shareholder wealth over a long period of time. A great investment has three characteristics, outsized returns, low risk and long duration. While we are very successful in finding outsized returns in off-market opportunities that we continue to execute on were equally focused on lower risk and longevity. This is why we're obsessed with acquiring assets at a reasonable basis relative to replacement costs in order to reduce risk. And in terms of longevity, Page 20 of our business update will describe to you 30 or so win-win contractual partnerships that we have signed through a seamless way of trust where we hope to deploy 30-plus billion dollars of capital over the next decade and beyond. We see enormous opportunity for growth within our circle of confidence, which we define as the area where we can allocate capital with households instead of using our predictive analytics platform. This confluence of outsized internal and external growth has created a rare condition, which is called Leaping Emergent Effect or as Munger describes it, Lollapalooza effect. You as our owners can rest assured that we will not make any poor capital allocation decisions that will jeopardize these rare leaping emergent conditions that we have achieved through many years of hard work, luck, courage and a culture where everybody is all in. With that, operator, please open the call up for questions. Thank you.
Shankh Mitra: Okay. Let me answer both of those questions separately. It's not too in. So first, let the answer the MOB question. We like all asset classes at a price. I've always said, even if you look back two quarters ago, we said it makes no sense to us that people buy MOBs in the high 4% cap rate range and after CapEx, you're in the low 4s, when you foresee in the breakeven market, how financing market was going to change, right? I'm just surprised that people are surprised this happened. Now you are in a situation where your financing cost is higher than your cost of -- your return on equity at that kind of pricing, which is a real estate is called Death Cross, right? That is the harbinger of obviously what's to come on the asset pricing side. That just doesn't make any sense to me why would you buy something at those prices with that growth related to inflation. Nothing has changed. Look at Vikram, what we just bought. We bought one MOB at an absolute triple net lease, which obviously means we're not responsible CapEx, call it, 5.5%, which is an equivalent triple net, will be close to a 6%. And we bought two others in California, that's high 5s, right, where we think that we can get to an unlevered high single-digit IRR. So that makes sense to us. So it is all about pricing, not exposure that determines your investment success. Second point, obviously, the pricing power. We're -- obviously, we talked about how we think in-house pricing increase would be, and that's obviously very necessary to offset all the costs that we have seen in the system. I'm particularly encouraged that what we see is street rates are moving. Street rates have moved, I would say, first quarter, we have seen high single digit. In April, we have seen some operators street rates well into double digits, right? So that, along with, if you think about half of our -- roughly speaking, half our residents on not Jan 1 scheduled, right, to receive -- they are on a schedule of anniversary rate. So if you put those two together, we'll see sustained strong pricing power through the year, which we're very, very excited about.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So Steve, if you recall, the initial phases of this pandemic, we have done many transactions in, call it, low single -- low double-digit unlevered IRR, which said as the market started to come back as sort of translated into a high single-digit unlevered IRR, right? And given what happened in the marketplace in the last 30 days, with financing market totally blew up. As I said, leverage is down, cost of leverage is significantly up and IO completely vanished. If you think through that, that's really put a levered IRR model upside down, right? So we are now starting to see -- I've seen more deals dropping from contracts in the last 30 days than I've ever seen in my career. So we are starting to see that all the deals are bouncing back. We always have said that price is a price, we give people a price, underwrite a deal on an unlevered basis. So for us, it doesn't really change anything and we'll t he price. And we're seeing all those things that are coming back. So it is that I don't want to get too excited, but I'm starting to see the emergence of sort of those low double-digit unlevered deals starting to pop up again.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So what's most attractive about Oakmont is Oakmont is one of the best operators in the business. I mean -- so we -- I mean, look at -- we have mentioned this before, -- they're one of the first ones to come back to sort of 90-plus percent occupancy range. If you look at Oakmont's portfolio performance, it'll be hard for us to believe for kind performance that there was a pandemic that good in operation. Now going back to the point, what else is very attractive. We disclosed, obviously, I think, a couple of quarters ago, that we signed a long-term partnership development partnership with them. So we're very excited about that. We think we're going to create significant value for Oakmont principles as well as well as Welltower shareholders for us to come. And CCRC, so we did not bring Oakmont to the CCRC, it's a CCRC that Oakmont developed in currently with a lot of -- obviously, this is not just entry-level CCIC. There's also a lot of rental units in there. So, we thought they do an extraordinary job of that. And as we always said, just don't think about these things as this moniker, CCRC, this that, the RIDEA triple doesn't change what fundamentally the business is. These are large campuses. New things that we got at a basis and at a cash flow and see a potential growth of cash flow that we think we can make a lot of money. So that's what we see about the partnership. We also bought four traditional rental model together that we think obviously is going to create meaningful growth as well. A lot of these assets open to 2021. So, you are not going to see probably a very significant amount of earnings contribution in 2022, but you will see potentially significant amount in 2023 and beyond.
Shankh Mitra: I'm not going to comment philosophically what I think on hostile and not, frankly speaking, it's an inappropriate for us to do that. I will guarantee you that we will not go hostile. That's not how we do business. We believe that were win-win people, and we like to deal with people who actually -- it just think about it just very simply, reciprocation is how the world works. You walk into an elevator, you smile at a person, 95% of the time that person smiles back at you, that's called mirrored reciprocation. We like to deal with people who believe in mirror reciprocation or we can do win-win transactions with people. We have zero desire to go hostile on HR or anybody.
Shankh Mitra: Okay. You asked three questions. I'll see if I remember all of these. So, first is, I will say that we invest, and I think I said this before, and I'm going to say this again, we invest -- and if there are two conditions that get satisfied. One, we think it's at a reasonable basis relative to replacement cost; b, we think we can add significant value on the operational side. These are the two things that needs to come together for us to invest capital in no matter what the specific one is. My view of this hasn't changed. I'm not going to get into buy this, sell that that do this. It just not -- that's not just -- that's not appropriate for a conversation. It just depends on what asset you're talking about, right? So we're not going to obviously get into that. But I will tell you, what I have mentioned in my prepared remarks. At the price, you know for us, we do everything at a price. At the price that we offered we thought HR shareholders will be much better off than going with the HTA merger. That was our opinion, right? And that the price was for the assets as well as releasing them from a potential transaction, which all of you have described as a significantly dilutive deal and market voted as such, right? So you got to think about asset plus liability, not just assets. That is a fundamental mistake of characterization of what's happening here. Regardless, that's not, as I said, that each of our shareholders and their Board, which is representative of the shareholders progress, not ours. So it is very inappropriate for us to keep talking about something, but there's nothing to talk about, right? We're much more focused, as I said, about 30, 40 other owners who are very happily engaging with us to see how we can transact, how can we have a win-win transaction. And I don't have anything more to add to that.
Shankh Mitra: We are encouraged by the April as well as early May trends. And we're also encouraged very much where the pricing is going. Remember, John's focus is on revenue maximization and frankly, NOI maximization. But we're very encouraged by both occupancy and rate trends and I'm assuming you're asking a senior housing, so in the senior housing portfolio.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So Mike, you were asking about my favorite topic, and you are asking me to venture a guess, right? So this is a pure guess and I understand you asked about it. But just start from the position of -- I don't know of any other sector where you can have pricing power in the high 70% kind of occupancy or mid- to high 70% occupancy range, right? So we're very encouraged what's happening. But today, the pricing is driven by the necessity, as I described a couple of calls ago or maybe last call, on the necessity of keeping up with the quality of service, cost of everything is going up, including labor, and we do not believe cutting on services. So that's just sort of the -- what's happening right now; however, there is going to be at a point, not so distant future and probably in the high 80% occupancy rate, where you will be -- you don't -- you wouldn't have rooms to sell. And then you're going to have a different type of pricing increase, right? So that -- these two obviously provide a very, very good backdrop, and if you think through what are the development deliveries, right, that in the next few years are -- a couple of years are. And obviously, it takes a lot of time to bring supply back particularly as you think through what happened, right? The last sort of nail on the coffin for a development project was the financing cost, and that's also now gone completely crazy. So you have costs going up every month for 1.5% to 2%, no one is going to give you a GMP for beyond these days before you lock something in for more than a week. That's kind of a crazy cost environment we are. So in putting it all together, pricing car can sustain for a very long period of time in this kind of demand supply scenario. Now going back to your street rate conversation, I'll just give one example, and one example doesn't obviously is not represented on the whole portfolio. We have seen in April, some of our operators have raised street rates by 15%, while that in-house rate increases 8%, 9%, 10%, right? So we're starting to see for at least for a handful of operators, street rates has already -- increases are going above in-house rate increases. A phenomena we haven't seen, I don't know don't hold me to it. Probably, I don't know, probably 2013, '14 time frame. But so we're pretty excited about it. We think that we have a long runway of pricing increase here. And frankly, as we fundamentally believe that our residents expect a lot from us, they're paying a lot and they expect a lot to reserve a lot and for that, it just costs more today.
Shankh Mitra: Three questions there, but we will welcome to our call. I will try to remember everything you want. First is, no, it doesn't excite us more or less investing is about price. It's not about exposure. I cannot say this million times enough and if we call for you guys to understand how we allocate capital. It is all about price. We own more senior housing than anyone. We bought more senior housing than anyone even the last 18 months. So senior housing is going to do significantly better. There has been no other beneficiary more beneficiary than us, right? So having said that, you think about the point, I also want to make sure you hear me. I said for a specific operator, I don't want you to think street rates are going up 15%, right? So everywhere, that's not what's happening. But we see broad momentum of increasing street rate pretty much everywhere with every operator, okay? So let's just put that in the context of understanding how senior housing works. Remember, you have an acuity creep as people age in place or age in a community, okay? So you will always have the portion who is living versus the person who is coming in, there's a gap, right? There's a gap because of that to decrease, the frailty and the acuity creep. What we are seeing, this rapidly rising street rate is closing that gap pretty meaningfully. And we hope that we'll see at some point that gap is going to come together. But at the same point, I understand, as we sort of get to the next year, right, there's going to be significant in-house rate increases again. So, you create another gap and you chase that gap again, right? That's how you build revenue. So, we're pretty optimistic. Generally speaking, the tone of your question is the right one, which excites us very much this moving, obviously, rates that we are starting to see, we'll see that will be sustained, all things being equal through the year and will show up in our top line growth as well as the NOI growth that Tim and John talked about.
Shankh Mitra: In fact, April probably was the best month we have seen from a net hiring perspective since we've started tracking this from the beginning of COVID. So you haven't seen the impact that we're talking about, you'll see that obviously in Q2 on a sequential basis, but again, I'm not going to comment on COVID. I have no way to predict what COVID is happening, not happening, going. But in a normalized market conditions, you will see that will improvement and will significantly expect the second half of the year.
Shankh Mitra: Steve, I have no comments on HR HTA merger. I will say that it remains a fragmented industry that one player size or lag thereof doesn't really make a difference. It's a health system driven industry and remains a very, very fragmented industry. So I have no comments other than the fact we don't see anything changing. But I will offer a comment that I already have offered and bore you with details of what I've already said. At Welltower, we don't have a strategic acquisition. The only strategy that we have is to make money on a per share basis for existing shareholders. That is the only strategy we follow. And anything that doesn't fit to that model, we don't do it, right? So please understand, never count on us to do a strategic acquisition because we'll never will.
Shankh Mitra: Okay. I will -- I hope I remember all the questions. First, we're not going to get into how many of these transactions will be in OP units or not. We might have given some indication of our previous press releases on some of the transactions. But beyond that, we're not going to get into how many will be or will not be. We have a general sense, but we're not going to get into that. But let's just talk about something else that you asked, which is if you think about the pipeline of $1.5 billion under contract, right? Think about what Tim said, the $1.8 billion of capital that's raised in the ATM, but not settled. We have a few hundred million dollars of disposition, and that's just the equity piece, right? You add X million that you think will come from the OP side, and then on a 65-35, you will see our investment sort of dry power for investment is actually $3-plus billion today, right? So that's sort of the question. And is there anything else I did not answer. I can't remember three questions at the same time, Rich. But -- so I think I answered all your questions, if not just call me on my cell and we'll just walk you through. But we have ample capacity to invest capital that in the pipeline or could be in the shadow pipeline. Pipeline costs to deals under contract. Shadow pipeline is what we are negotiating. And as I said, off that $2-plus billion, we might do zero because we transact at our price and the price is the price. And if we can convince someone to come to our price, we will do that transaction. So very much of we have the capital raised, but I cannot guarantee you that we apply to any of these transactions.
Tim McHugh: No, I think that's right. We gave color on our last call when we do January results we spoke to kind of seeing a 10% decline from December to January. And we gave similar color to and seeing a little better than that as a trend for the full quarter. So I think it gives you a read, we kind of saw consistent decreases relative to the counterpart in the fourth quarter.
Tim McHugh: Yes, I'd just add that from an average occupancy perspective, kind of speaking to that same point John just made, but because 1Q is historically negative, but even in this case, small game, average occupancy, which is kind of build off of the prior quarter and the current quarter recovery will accelerate into 3Q and does so historically. So, when we think about kind of sequential, the drive -- the part of it that's driven by occupancy will be its highest in the third quarter.
Tim McHugh: Yes. So we peaked out at a little over 7% or 7.5% of our compensation line was agency in the fourth quarter. That came down to high 6x and we continue to expect that to normalize throughout the year. But just thinking about that from -- I think that's what you're asking, Mike, is just kind of what portion of that is agency. We expect that agency to continue to deflate. But remember, that gets backfilled by full-time hours. So it's not -- there will be some offset of that from full-time employees coming on. I'll just note that, that's something that we're certainly seeing progress on coming out of the first quarter and in April is that the focus our operators have put on hiring full-time employees and we all know that's the solution to agency. That's why we're seeing progress on the agency front because occupancy continues to build. So we're not seeing less of a demand for employees in the buildings. We're just seeing an ability to fill it more and more with our own staff versus agency.
Tim McHugh: No, I'll just add, Juan, on your comment on coverages. So -- and restructuring -- so Shankh mentioned, we restructured a Legend lease in the quarter. We also restructured another triple-net lease in the quarter. And I would think about it from the timing makes sense given what we've talked about in the past, which is our operators were staying current with rent and resetting rents when they're staying current, and there's no line of sight and recovery doesn't make sense for other party. So I think what you've seen here is an ability to come to the table on Legend to get to an agreement that makes sense for both parties, and we think we'll do very well for Welltower shareholders over time. But as you look at the Welltower triple-net portfolio coming out of the first quarter, we're at mid-80s coverage on a portfolio that's 70%, 70.5% occupied. So, I think -- the important thing about the sustainability of that, I think, is quite high, given our view on the recovery. We said it all along. It's all recovery dependent, but we saw a strong recovery last year. We've seen rents continue to be paid. And we think given the occupancy there and the outlook in general in the space and where coverages are currently at, we're a pretty strong spot as far as sustainability of these rents and coverage recovery over the coming quarters.
Tim McHugh: Yes. Thanks, Steve. And I think this is -- this will expand a bit on the comment in my opening remarks around just our continued steady allocation of capital to distressed situations, near-term dilutive, even developments, the idea that we're seeing core earnings growth that's really driving the portfolio now. And we're making long-term capital allocation decisions that are going to create sustainable growth over a multiyear period. And if I kind of take that in think about it in perspective of this quarter, and talked about same-store NOI growth on a year-over-year basis. So you go back to the second quarter of 2021, on the call, I spoke to a $0.77 per share number, if you back out out-of-period government grants. So this compares to $0.835 number ex HHS with our 2Q guide. And I think the right way to think about bridging this is kind of three different buckets. So you've got the core portfolio, which is to your comment on same-store driven by same-store growth, 9% cash same-store growth equates to about lever 10% FFO growth number. Then you've got accretion from investments over kind of the last three quarters, you've got an offset of $0.03 from a combination of higher interest expense, higher G&A and then lower exchange rates on a year-over-year basis. So if you dig in that investment accretion number a bit more, over the last three quarters, we have invested about $4.8 billion in capital. We've delivered another $500 million in developments. So we've got $5.3 billion of capital fully funded on the balance sheet as of 3/31 and it's expected to yield in the low 4s in that guide. So keep in mind that these assets are significantly under earning where they're going to be long term and near term, it's because of operator transitions and lease-up within our recent deliveries. And of course, agency has also been a factor there. As these investments stabilize, they represent about $0.10 per share of FFO per quarter or $0.40 annually. So just from the last kind of three quarters of capital allocation. And lastly, I'd just note, we've talked about our NOI bridge in our investor presentation and this is under 1/3 of that upside represented there. So it's kind of a snapshot within our year-over-year growth, showing how the capital we're putting to work is just creating the sustained earnings growth over a number of years going forward.
Tim McHugh: I'd say, all of it, we have an operating profit in that business. So you're making a profit on 1 basis. You're certainly seeing part of the rationale for rent increase being to offset inflationary pressures in both those categories. But those aren't things -- food is something -- you're certainly in a lot of these different contracts you're highlighting as being a separate cost. Utilities generally not, but that's all wrapped into how pricing for the product works. So, I think when we talk about kind of seeing inflationary plus type rental increases. We're talking about the ability to offset the pressure we're seeing in food and utility inflation.
