Tom DeRosa: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning from Toledo, Ohio, where it is minus 12 degrees and we are on emergency generator power. So if we cut out at any time through this call just stand by because we will be back. By all measures, 2014 was an outstanding year for HCN. Our 48.5% total return made us the top-performing large cap REIT in the S&P 500. Simply put, the best portfolio of health care real estate in the top markets in the U.S., UK, and Canada, occupied by best-in-class operators in health systems provides our shareholders with consistent resilient portfolio on earnings growth. Our 2014 results demonstrate just how our shareholders benefit from our unique position in the health care real estate space. We completed $3.7 billion in new investments of which $2 billion were generated from our existing operators. The quality and transparency of that investment growth is unparallel than our industry. Our normalized FFO per share increased 8% over 2013, and if you follow the NAREIT definition of FFO that was a 15% increase. This earnings performance was generated by industry-leading 4.2% same store NOI growth across the portfolio and a remarkable 7.3% same store NOI growth in our operating portfolio. But that my friends is the old news. Why are we so optimistic about our business? We’ve been telling you for some time that we have a differentiated model that is driven by our unique alignment with the best senior housing and post-acute operators in the U.S., UK and Canada, as well as top health systems. We are relentless real estate asset and portfolio managers. Keep in mind that our FFO growth has occurred while we have sold over $2.5 billion in assets over the last five years. We have always believed that a strategic disposition program is in the best near-term and long-term interest of our shareholders. Hence, we enter 2015 with perhaps the most modern, best located and relevant real estate portfolio in the health care real estate industry. A portfolio that is increasingly concentrated in markets with superior demographic and economic drivers that are attracting global wealth like New York, London, and Washington D.C. And because we have sold older non-strategic assets, we can focus on driving the performance of our A quality health care real estate in 2015 and beyond. Having raised over $3 billion in capital last year, we are in one of the strongest credit and liquidity positions in our 45-year history. This will enable HCN to continue to meet the capital needs of our partners as they drive the future of health care delivery. Further, 2015 will benefit from the dominant position we have built in high-end seniors housing in London and the innovative post-acute platforms we are building with Genesis and Mainstreet. When you combine this with our deep engagement with our operators to drive growth through best practices, innovative transaction structuring, our focus on technological innovation and good old-fashioned Toledo-style hard work, all the pieces are in place to deliver the quality of growth that you’ve come to expect from HCN. Scott Brinker, our Chief Investment Officer, will give you a closer look at our portfolio performance and growth, including details on the fourth quarter. He will be followed by Scott Estes, who will do a deeper dive on our full year 2014 results as well as our fourth quarter financial performance. Over to you, Scott.
Tom DeRosa: Thanks, Scott. I think as you’ve heard from both Scott’s, we’re quite optimistic about where we sit at this point in 2015 and we’re looking forward to a great year – this year and beyond. And with that I’m going to ask Espalane to please open up the line for Q&A.
Tom DeRosa: Juan, let me just add to that. We look at healthcare real estate like many of other REITs look at healthcare real estate. We wanted to be in the best markets and we’re very focused on markets like a New York, like a London where there is a concentration of global wealth and where there is a trend towards increasing urbanization, people moving in from the outer rings towards the urban core. We like those markets and frankly many of those markets are unreserved in senior housing assets and modern outpatient medical. You’re probably aware we’re in the process of developing an outpatient medical facility adjacent to Maimonides hospital in Brooklyn, New York, which is one of the most vibrant urban markets in the country. So we feel that we want to always manage our portfolio to be in the best markets and when we think about adding new assets we’ll also be in the best markets around the U.S., Canada and the UK.
Tom DeRosa: Not indefinitely, but it continues to outperform our expectations for 2015, I think it will still be at the high end, but by a small number, not twice as high, like it has been in the last two year’s.
Tom DeRosa: Yeah, Juan, it was just over 5% in the fourth quarter. That’s higher than our expectations in 2015. I think low 4%'s is more in line with what we expect. The primary driver is staffing of course, and wage growth continues to be in the 2% to 3% range. Food and electric is in the 2% to 3% range as well. And then a bit higher would be things like insurance, workers' comp and things like that. So, blended, about 4% is our expectation.
Tom DeRosa: We have always in our financials had the NAREIT FFO, but we'll be giving guidance on a normalized basis. We think it provides a clearer picture of the performance of the company.
Tom DeRosa: And Smedes, we are very focused on working with our national and top-quality regional operators to bring supply into markets where there is very little supply. Think about a market like Washington D.C. - in Central Washington D.C. we have a Sunrise asset on Connecticut avenue very close to the National Zoo, which is a great example of an urban senior housing property where there needs to be more of – this is in a market that is very densely populated. The population is getting older, and people want to stay where they lived prior to entering senior housing. So that’s an area that we are very focused on and working with our operators to be able to bring that supply to the market and we are very optimistic that that will be very well received.
Tom DeRosa: Rich, this is Tom. We – you know Scott mentioned the investment we’re making in people and infrastructure. We are attracting very talented people from the industry to come work with us because they see we’re an outstanding company that really invests in its people. And as you think about growing our business – think about how we've grown in the last five years. It’s all about people. So, we are always thinking about where we will be in the future, and do we have the right team, do we have the right infrastructure. And so, I’m confident that we have the right human capital strategy in place to take this company wherever opportunities may take us in the future.
Tom DeRosa: I can’t comment on HCP and ManorCare. What I can comment on is Genesis and we are – and Mainstreet, as Scott was discussing as well. We are very bullish about the future of post-acute in this country. And we are investing with Genesis and we’re investing with Mainstreet. We’re very excited that Genesis is now public. We are big believers in George Hager. We think it’s terrific that there is a public post-acute company now and we have every confidence in George and the Genesis team that they are going to take that business to where it needs to go. We need a strong, vibrant, post-acute product in the healthcare delivery system in this country. And we are betting that Genesis is going to bring that product – continue to bring that product to the market.
Tom DeRosa: I’m not sure about the bell shaped curve, but we think a lot about the portfolio and operators that we've put together and think that the 5% for next year is achievable despite some very difficult comps in a relatively slow economy. And longer term, our expectation, our guidance has always been 4% to 5% is our best guess.
Tom DeRosa: [indiscernible], Rich, just a quick comment from Scott Estes here. We initially went into RIDEA and we’re talking about 4% to 5% long-term growth and we had a lot of debate about how you are going to outpace inflation and we've put out probably like you said, 6%, 7%. 8% numbers for four years now. So I think we just to need to get perception is if we can generate outpaced growth and we are adding value at the property level and we are outperforming our sector, I mean that’s really the things we can control.
Tom DeRosa: We look at it – I mean we have a 24% approximate ownership in the management company and that investment is in our investments in unconsolidated entities and we haven't really talked more about it. I don't think it's meaningful from an aggregate balance sheet perspective.
Tom DeRosa: Yeah, I can underscore enough what Scott just said about the fact that we've disposed of $2.5 billion in assets over the last five years. That is difficult when you are trying to grow FFO when you are selling assets of that magnitude, but that’s why we feel so good about the future and that’s what you should be expecting any company in the real estate sector should be doing. And you know what? They don’t do it. So, look across the real estate sector, and the companies that have active asset disposition in asset management programs should be trading at a premium and those that continue to hold on to assets because they don’t want to jeopardize their FFO growth should be trading at a discount.
Tom DeRosa: And a big part of it is – that yield is based on the book value and we’ve owned these assets for quite a while, so if you do the yield on the actual sale proceeds, the cap rate is a lot lower than 10%.
Tom DeRosa: Ross, to my point earlier, we are active portfolio managers and we look at any asset, we are not in love with any asset over the long-term in a way if there is a good opportunity that makes sense to sell an asset. So we will always evaluate it, reevaluate the assets in our portfolio and that’s one of them.
Tom DeRosa: Right. Because there is something that looks really good today in the portfolio that in three years there may be something that’s happened beyond our control that may make us not like that asset as much. And we will – I think we’ve demonstrated we will take a very proactive approach towards making sure our portfolio is always in the best quality – best position that it can be.
Tom DeRosa: Yeah, I mean, Dan, whether it’s contractual or not contractual, I think if you polled the top operators, they’d say they like working with us, and will continue to direct their – look to us to direct their – to work with them on their growth programs. So it’s just the way we’ve organized the business. It’s the quality of the relationships. It’s the value-add that we provide keeps them coming back to us.
Tom DeRosa: Memory care is distinct competence of a number of our operators, most notably Silverado. Todd, you know that dementia and Alzheimer’s is going to be an epidemic in this country, and we need to have a greater supply of memory care communities to house, people who cannot live in their traditional homes. So we see that as a market that is undersupplied, with a growing demand that is going to be a challenge for our country, and some of the other countries where we operate, and countries where we don’t operate. Managing that growing population is probably the biggest challenge to healthcare delivery. And so we feel very well positioned there, and are focused more in the senior housing with memory care space than we are in independent living.
Tom DeRosa: We like our skilled nursing post-acute portfolio, Michael. We see it’s an important part of our business, and we think we’re clearly aligned in the right piece of that sector. And one of the areas that we are seeing is the increasing connectivity between seniors housing, post-acute, and acute care. We as a company are driving that connectivity. So it’s very important for us to be in that space. It’s not important for us to be in low-quality mix skilled nursing homes.
Tom DeRosa: Michael, it kind of fits with something we’ve talked a bit about on this call today, which is our growing concentration in the key urban markets in the U.S., Canada and the UK. That is where the global pension funds like to invest across real estate classes. If they’re going to make an investment in healthcare, it’s going to be in one of those markets. So I will echo something that Scott just said. We know all these players, they want to work with us, because they understand the quality of the real estate that we own. And they have historically not invested in this sector, so they need a partner. And we continue to look at opportunities that may be of interest to that new group of capital providers.
Scott Brinker: Hey Juan, this is Scott Brinker, I think it’s fair to say senior housing cap rates are in the mid-5%s to mid-6%s. medical office is just probably a bit below that, and then post-acute is more in the 7% to 8% range. There is a lot of activity, a number of large, medium and small-sized auctions. I don’t think we’ll be very active in any of those. Again, our pipeline is as full as it has ever been. We’re growing with so many of our existing partners, they bring us deals. So it’s seniors housing, it’s medical office, it’s a select number of post-acute, it’s Canada, it’s U.S., it’s UK. The investment team is as busy as ever.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Juan, we made a very purposeful decision four or five years ago when we first started doing RIDEA to really only put class A assets – class A operators into that portfolio and there is a heavy concentration in major Metros. So we don’t have any major concentration in any one market, but where we do have some concentration it’s exactly where you’d wanted to be in terms of the affluence in growth. So cities like London, New York, Los Angeles and they have continued quarter after quarter to outperform the other markets in our portfolio.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, what’s happening in the UK is you have a growing affluent population that will opt out of NHS senior housing and opt into private pay senior housing assets. And so that market has been at the upper end, has been supply constrained and we’re focused on meeting the natural demand we see growing in that market.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Vik, it's Scott Brinker. I can see today is in the low 90s; so we do think there is maybe 100 basis points to 200 basis points of upside, best case. And it’s trending in that direction. So I think you could see us get in the 92%, 93% range over the next 12 months to 24 months. In terms of the mix of revenue growth between occupancy and rental rates, it’s always hard to predict, but our expectation for total revenue growth next year is in the 5% range and that’s a blend of rate growth and occupancy growth; is probably the fairest way to break it down.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, it’s mostly maintenance. Five years and 10 years or 15 years from now we might be having a different discussion, but our assets are extremely young, modern; they don’t need major structural enhancements or renovations. That’s an important distinction when you look at the NOI growth. We’re generating that performance without pouring money into the buildings. And I think people really need to think about that.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, we’ve had four years of outperformance, so the treadmill keeps spinning faster. But yeah, the 5% is something to be excited about. So we are very pleased with it. Our expectation next year is for the 5% range which is still outstanding. I think a couple of things drove the, if you want to call it a slowdown. One, the occupancy growth this year was a little bit less than in prior years and the rate growth was at more the lower end of what we have been able to achieve. And at least in the fourth quarter you had higher expenses. So it’s a combination of all those things.
Scott Brinker: I think you are talking about the magnitude that we would see. You're right; we are only halfway through the quarter, but we are not seeing a major change. I think some of the early results, there is – yeah, there has been some occupancy pressure in January as a result of those factors. So we just wanted to alert people. We are comfortable with a 5% range for the year, but it looks like, I would probably say 100 basis points is about a fair estimate that gets at this point, so call it 4'ish in the first quarter if we had to peg a number right now.
Scott Brinker: Josh, most of the growth will continue to be with Genesis. We think the most about their platform and their position in evolving healthcare landscape, but we did pick up a number of new partners through the Mainstreet partnership and we'd except to continue to grow with them as well. So there is a list of three to five, like Ensign and Trilogy that we expect to be growth partners going forward.
Scott Brinker: The new supply continues to be at really a local level, so some markets do have a high amount of new supply like Houston and there are a number of markets that have virtually none. Now if you look at it at a national level, we think supply and demand are roughly in line. If anything, demand is growing faster than supply, which is why you see our occupancy increasing year-over-year, the NIC National occupancy is increasing year-over-year and is predicted to do so again in 2015. So we still feel like the dynamics are positive for occupancy, but for sure there are certain markets where you should be more concerned than others. In terms of the change, if anything it's slowing down, so there certainly is still projects; our new project's been put under construction, but there is an uptick from what we’ve seen over the past few years.
Scott Brinker: With respect to hospitals, historically, our hospital portfolio did not mirror the quality of our seniors housing and post-acute portfolio. If in the future there were opportunities to buy high quality hospitals, we would consider that.
Scott Brinker: But we are always looking for ways to improve on that. That’s one of the things that differentiates us, Rich, is that we have a lot more oars in the water than a typical owner of healthcare real estate to try and move that number forward. And we talk about that and we actually see real results from that. So I think we are as well positioned as anybody to drive same store sales growth from our RIDEA portfolio.
Scott Brinker: We could probably sit here and think about that. I think the most important thing you need to think of is looking at what type of total return and shareholder value creation we've had by – the reason why if FFO ever was slower is because of the dramatic portfolio enhancements we've made over the last five years. I mean, we had about $5 billion of assets five years or six years ago and we sold $2.5 billion to $3 billion of those and we've bought the best assets in the industry. And now we are trading at the highest multiple in that great return. So you can focus on a little bit of the tinkering about how we financed it and what results. But we have been able to grow our dividend nicely and get great total shareholder returns. So I think that’s what we are supposed to do.
Scott Brinker: That’s the way the math works. We already gave you the guidance for each of the subcomponents; the MOBs was 2.25%, the rest were around 2.5%. Yep, long term care [indiscernible].
Scott Brinker: It may be a couple of basis points below the fourth quarter but it’s in line with historical averages. I mean the triple-net business is a 2.5% plus or minus growth business and its all contractual rent increases so there are no one-time fees in that number or anything like that. So it’s very predictable but it’s not a super-high growth part of the business.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, there may be. The 3.1% was for the post-acute long term care portfolio, and that's still primarily Genesis is two-thirds of that category. And our increases of course are still on the 3.3% range, so that drives it. Then we do have the CPI catch up language on number of these leases where the escalators are not fixed and that can create some noise from quarter-to-quarter.
Scott Brinker: I did mention that Ross in the comments, but just to say again, one, there is one acute care hospital in there and a nursing portfolio that we’ve had in our overall portfolio for over 12 years that are more than half of that aggregate total.
Scott Brinker: I mentioned that. So, it should be more closer to 8.5% roughly depending upon how the final prices come in.
Scott Brinker: Ross, we made a very good investment when we bought this – the Cambridge portfolio with Forest City, it’s turned out to be an outstanding asset for us to own. We’ve looked around, we see things in that space, there has been nothing to date that has really captured our attention. We have found that we have better places to invest our capital.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, for the first time in a while, it’s pretty steady. So we are expecting any big news. I guess the biggest question mark would be whether Congress or CMS does anything with the physician reimbursement system. That seems unlikely. They haven’t done anything for 10 years now other than do temporary extension. So I guess our best guess is more of the same. But that would be the only uncertainty on the horizon, but we are expecting flat to slightly positive reimbursement increases for the foreseeable future.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, there are a couple of factors. I mean the ones I mentioned on the call, I think, are the most relevant. When you look at the actual buildings and the patients that are served, those three product types look a lot of like, skilled nursing, rehab hospitals LTACs. They don’t look like hospitals. And in fact that we are now selling out of our remaining inpatient hospitals, we just thought it made more sense to have this post-acute category. Because over time, we really feel like these artificial distinctions will become even less important. So that was really the driver. We are thinking about maybe going forward providing specific information on the Genesis portfolio, which is the lion’s share of the skilled nursing business anyway. And then you can have very detailed information on payment coverage and payer mix and occupancy. So hopefully – I mean, the goal here is to make things more transparent and give you better data. So if that’s not the case, definitely let us know. But I think that’s the direction we’re heading.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Michael, it’s Scott Brinker. I think most of the improvement will be at the corporate level. The facility level coverage fluctuates in the 1.2 to 1.3 times range, after management fee. And there may be some slight improvement there as they bring on new development with better coverage, the expense initiatives that they are working on. But the real movement is going to be at the corporate level with a better balance sheet, debt refinancing, corporate synergies. So I think that’s where you are going to see the material 10 basis point to 20 basis point type improvement.
Scott Brinker: Well, we still look at everything. And at least the deals that we’ve been able to execute, there’s still a material spread between our cost of capital and our return on capital. So it still feels like a good time to be in the marketplace. That being said, there are some bigger portfolios that are being shopped and looked at by a lot of people and I think it does become a bit more challenging to grow the company that way. The spreads get tighter. The execution risk increases. So, say we’re more likely to pass on the vast majority of those unless for some reason we find it really strategic.
Scott Brinker: Yes, so it’s been fully released, so occupancy is temporarily down. But we’ll be back at 97% by mid-year, and potentially 100% by the end of the year. But just because of the timing of that releasing report negative NOI growth again in the first quarter, then it will be roughly flat in the second quarter and then a huge increase in the third and fourth quarter.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Dan, it’s Scott Brinker. There are 10, maybe as many as 15 operators in our portfolio that hey are active developers and we participate in one form or another in virtually all of their development. And it takes a range of structures. Sometimes we partner with them 100% from day one. So we’re doing that with Sunrise in the UK. We are doing that with Merrill Gardens. Sometimes we do a triple-net lease development. Examples of that would be Brandywine on the East Coast, and then Avery in the UK, or Silverado on the West Coast. And then sometimes we have purchase options when the building stabilizes. So, in all events, the assets end up in the Health Care REIT joint venture, it’s just a matter of timing.
Scott Brinker: Daniel, it will be a little confusing, because Genesis is now publically traded, of course, and result – reports their results in real-time. And we always report one quarter in arrears so…
Scott Brinker: …so they are never going to perfectly match up. It’s fair to say that Genesis ended the year, at the corporate and facility level in the low to mid 1.2s. And our expectation is that at the corporate level, they’ll be in the high 1.3s by the end of 2015.
Scott Brinker: I wouldn’t call it normalized. They did have a number of expenses in the fourth quarter, that were unusual by their standards.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Todd, those are all brand-new properties. One is with Silverado that they developed in Texas. And then we had essentially a purchase option on that building, so that drives a very favorable cap rate than what would be paid in, say, an auction. And then we did three acquisitions of essentially brand-new private-pay homes in the UK yet compelling cap rates. So all four of those buildings are with existing partners, brand-new buildings, major metros, off-market. It’s all the things that you would want to do to drive a premium yield. It’s not like we bought low-quality government reimbursement homes. These are premier, brand-new assets with our best operators.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, exactly, if not lower. But exactly, I mean that’s how we like to do investments. So they bring us those deals, and we are more than happy to help them grow their business by being their capital partner.
Scott Brinker: Well we don’t talk about investments until quarter-end. But given that the Benchmark news was public, I’ll go ahead and comment on it. That wasn’t our decision, but we’re more than happy to talk about it because it’s exactly the type of portfolio that we want to own, and that you would want us to own. So Benchmark has been a partner of our since 2010, they’ve done a fantastic job. I mean, they have outperformed quarter-after-quarter-after-quarter. Based completely in New England, so primarily Massachusetts and Connecticut, which is where this portfolio is, particularly in Boston. And they have managed it for a long time. Their joint venture partner was at the end of its life, and was looking to exit, and we were more than happy to step in. So Benchmark will continue to operate. They’ll be our 5% JV partner. The cap rate’s in the high 5s, which for these assets in this market feels like a really good deal, especially given what I’m seeing for much lower quality buildings in rural markets throughout the U.S.
Scott Brinker: It least in the auction intent, it’s dominated by the REIT’s – the public REIT’s, the non-traded REIT’s. We’re not seeing any new sources of capital, at least in the auction tent but what we are seeing is the major pension funds wanting to partner with us on particular portfolios or asset classes. So, at least in our experience, they are bidding on their own for this stuff, but they see the value of healthcare real estate, and they want to partner with us to enter this space.
Scott Estes: The same-store NOI growth forecast is on a constant currency basis. And if you did look back, I think we’re not going to predict forward; but if you think about maybe what happened last year, what was the impact -- I think it was like 50 basis points or 60 basis points. Our same store NOI growth would have been a little bit lower by about that level, due to the currency changes that occurred last year. So we’re generally, again, we’re trying to minimize taking any currency risk, as much as we can.
Scott Estes: Tough to say. I mean, my gut would be, yes, it would be, other than if you see something that would be strategic that would make sense. And it feels like we have great assets. I think the portfolio quality is the best it’s ever been. So if you’re just talking about a general sense for incremental dispositions, it feels good about where we’re at. But like Tom said, we’ll always do something.
Scott Estes: And even some of the dynamics around those, we call, strategic. We sold $900-plus-million of assets this year and still had 9% FAD per share growth. So that was an example of being opportunistic and generating some capital that I think is prudent. And that’s the type of thing we’ll do. So I still think we are focused on earnings, earnings, dividend growth, the whole package.
Scott Estes: As it relates to the on balance sheet development, I think you’ll still see it be a relatively small number. We are bigger company but it’s still a meaningful number and we’re growing across different asset classes; and as Scott said, programs with all of our best operators. So, you can also look at that as just from the – if I have to think about what percentage of our growth roughly each year could come from development or acquiring assets as they’re stabilized, I think it’s a nice supplement that’s meaningful could be 20%, 30% of the total growth could be brand new assets at attractive yield.
Scott Estes: Yes, Todd, medical office is in the $1.50 per square foot range, which reflects the young age of our properties. It’s about 12 years average age, same is true in senior housing.
Scott Estes: Yeah. We really look at it, and I think everyone should look at it, more on a percentage of NOI basis, because that’s where you really benefit from having properties in the major metros that have really high NOI per unit. Because it ends up being a very small percentage of your NOI. And that’s ultimately what you care about, is the cash returns. So if you got a low-quality independent living building that generates very little NOI, $1,000 per unit of CapEx is a huge [indiscernible]. If you’ve got a Sunrise building in London, that’s charging $10,000 a month. $1,000 per unit of CapEx is nothing. That’s how we look at it as a percentage of NOI. That number tends to be in 6% to 7% range for our operating portfolio.
Scott Estes: And we have kind of spun that out arguably over the last five years, via selling, I think, a lot of the older skilled nursing assets in our portfolio. I bet if you aggregated that, what would it be, guys? $1 billion plus, at least, $1 billion, $1.5 billion, would be my guess.
