John Burkart: Thank you, Shankh.. Momentum that continues to build in our business through 2023 has carried into the early part of this year, as reflected by our strong first quarter results. Our total portfolio generated 12.9% same-store NOI growth over the prior year's quarter, once again, led by the senior housing operating business.  First, I'll comment on our outpatient medical portfolio, which remains very stable, producing year-over-year same-store NOI growth of 2% for the first quarter of 2024. Leasing activity remains healthy, and our retention rate once again exceeded 90% leading to consistent and industry-leading same-store occupancy of nearly 95%. The full year same-store NOI guidance is unchanged between 2% and 3%.  As for the senior housing operating portfolio, our results remain impressive. The 25.5% first quarter year-over-year same-store NOI increase represents the sixth consecutive quarter, in which growth has exceeded 20%. Our top line growth came in at 10.3%, driven by strong occupancy growth of 340 basis points and strong rate growth of 480 basis points. All 3 of our regions continue to show favorable same-store revenue growth, starting with Canada at 9.1%, and the U.S. and the U.K. growing at 10.1% and 14.8%, respectively. Additionally, expense growth continues to moderate, up 5.7% year-over-year with the broader inflationary pressures continuing to abate.  In terms of labor-related trends, we've not only seen broader macro pressures continue to ease, but also our various property and portfolio level initiatives have been paying off. For example, by creating greater regional density within our senior housing portfolio, employees are able to fill open shifts at other regional properties, reducing the usage of agency labor and improving the overall customer experience.  Regional densification also creates more opportunities for career progression and lower turnover as employees can take increasing levels of responsibility at different properties managed by the same operator in the same region. And equally important, through the build-out of our operating platform, we're beginning to create efficiencies, which will allow for more time to be set on resident care, improving the customer experience, reducing the administrative burden and related stress on site employees.  Shifting back to the quarter, we reported 320 basis points year-over-year improvement in margins as unit revenue growth continues to solidly outpace unit expense growth. While NOI margins are below pre-COVID levels, the significant operating leverage inherent in our business and benefits of our operating platform should allow for multiple years of further margin expansion ahead. This year is still young, with peak leasing season ahead of us, but we remain encouraged by the start of this year. Ultimately, our Q1 numbers speak to the great work that the entire team is doing.  We are relentlessly focused on improving the customer experience and employee experience and we'll continue to pursue operational excellence. Thank you, Team Welltower, including our operators, WellTower employees and vendors.  I'll now turn the call over to Nikhil. 
John Burkart: Yes. So as it relates to the increases that are going out, there really hasn't been pushback. People understand what's going on in the cost side of the business. They appreciate the value proposition and so that has been going very smoothly. As it relates to market rents, again, we're seeing robust demand out there. So it's -- the 2 are related in the sense of -- obviously, the market drives the overall economics, but the -- it's not that renewals drive the market. The market drives the renewals at some level, and the market is strong. Supply-demand fundamentals work very well and the value proposition is there. 
John Burkart: Yes. As it relates to the ops team, we are finding tremendous opportunities to build out that team and do things more effectively more efficiently than are currently being done. That's simply a surprise that we can bring operational excellence at our size. And so we continue to lean into that. We're finding that really throughout each of the areas that I'm involved in as it relates to investments [indiscernible]. 
John Burkart: Yes, absolutely. I would rather quite honestly about it, we're getting very close. There's not a lot of detailed updates to give other than we're right on plan right now. As it relates to the types of savings we expect and that we're identifying pretty substantial when you look at how a person starts as a prospect and move through the process ultimately into the community reducing the paperwork pretty dramatically, reducing the repetition of input of information because the system is a singular unified system. And so all of that reduces errors. It reduces wasted admin time and really enable senior people like the nursing teams, like the executive directors and others and sales teams to really focus on their job and leverage technology to drive value there. 
John Burkart: Yes, I'll start with the broader question as far as plans for broader PLR, our focus is and always has been to drive value from a customer employee perspective and, of course, from a shareholder perspective. So it's not the process to say, let's create, a bunch of those types of partnerships. The objective is to drive value. In this case, the value is substantial. Our partner, Cogir and my partner, Frederick, are fantastic to work with. That is doing very, very well. The assets have embraced Cogir -- the teams have embraced Cogir and Cogir management -- and we're very satisfied and appreciative to all the work that is being done there.  Our expectations of that portfolio will perform fantastically this year. Of course, this transition has occurred during the quiet period. So it's not a lot of activity as it relates to leasing. It's just starting at this point in time up in Canada. 
Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Tim. While we are very pleased with our execution thus far in the year, we're on the cusp of all important summer leasing season. So let's see what the market gives us. And while we are proud of our recent operating results we have reported, it's important to recognize that it's not by happenstance. This is not a commodity business with a narrow range of outcomes.  Our results are a function of capital allocation and portfolio management decisions of yesterday. To paraphrase buffet, someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. Similarly, capital allocation decisions of today will drive operating performance tomorrow.  So even after nearly $15 billion of capital that we have deployed since the depth of COVID and hundreds of communities undergoing operator transition, we still have our hands full to optimize location, product, price point and operators on the asset side of the balance sheet.  On the liability side, under Tim's leadership, we're absolutely hitting it out of the park. A sharp improvement in cash flow, coupled with our recent capital raising efforts, has driven a net debt to adjusted EBITDA down to 4x, which represents the lowest level in our recorded history. In the very short term, we maintained significant dry powder with over $6 billion of total near-term liquidity to pursue attractive capital deployment opportunities and fund other near-term obligations. In the medium term, we have built significant debt capacity to take advantage of when we eventually get to the other side of the Fed cycle and still maintain an extremely strong balance sheet. Said another way, we don't believe that one's balance sheet should be viewed as an object of vanity, but instead as a countercyclical tool to prudently tap into to drive par share growth.  Our balance sheet was one of the 5 pillars of growth, which I articulated during our last call. And while I won't repeat all the 5 of those pillars today, I'll just reiterate that our confidence in delivering outsized levels of our share growth to our existing shareholders remain as strong as ever. And while we are fortunate to have a strong multi-decade tailwind at our back, just note that we will not settle for the beta of the business, and instead, we are committed to creating significant Alpha again for our existing shareholders with a years of compounding growth ahead of us. We appreciate your support.  With that, I'll open the call up for questions. 
Shankh Mitra: Ron, as we have indicated, this is too early in the year. Just as you know, our annual results will be pretty much defined by what the summer leasing season gives us. You know we have -- though while we're pleased with what we have seen in the year, there's this healthy level of paranoia in our team. We don't know what the market will give us. We'll report to you.  Our promise to you remains that we'll get more than our fair share of the market, but we need to see what the market gives us, and we'll update you in 90 days, and we'll see where we land. Thank you. 
Shankh Mitra: Yes. Nick, you are correct that we have raised capital to close, obviously, all the transactions. I want to make sure that you understand that, that $2.8 billion that we spoke of is not our pipeline, it's the deals that have closed or under contract to close. Our pipeline is beyond that, and it remains a very robust pipeline. That we think are very near-term actionable, we'll see where we end up. But that's sort of our view. Speaking of -- I absolutely subscribe to your view that we remain unleveraged. Our goal is to maximize our stabilized our full cycle earnings. And as I mentioned that you should fully expect us to use the balance sheet liability side of our balance sheet to drive significant additional part share growth on the other side of the Fed cycle. 
Shankh Mitra: We're not going to give on specific operator-level performance on this call, which we never do. I'm not going to start that today. We'll tell you that it was a very broad-based outperformance from all of our operators, across 3 regions. And obviously, that's not -- as I said, is a happenstance, right? Some of the operating partners, you mentioned have done terrifically well for us over a long period of time, and that continues. But this is a very deliberate strategy that we put together years ago to go deep and not go broad. And that's as we continue to double down on this strategy. And John gave several examples of that, that plays out, whether that's on the employee retention side, their long-term career and others. And that's also true, we can give you several examples how that plays out, obviously, on the revenue side where customers have different options within a close proximity to each other, right? So at the end of the day, that's what we are trying to do. We believe, as many of us mentioned on the call, that great customer and employee experience eventually drive great financial results. And we continue to double down on the simple strategy. 
Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Rich. I said a healthy amount of paranoia and we do, and we're constantly thinking -- constantly looking over a shoulder to think what can go wrong. Now let's talk about numbers. The law of numbers are very unforgiving, right? When your NOI goes down by 50%, $100 become $50, you need to go up 100% to go back to just where you started, right? So while 25% NOI growth is impressive, let's just be honest, like I think I said this in an industry conference a few months ago that we haven't made any money over the last 10 years as an industry. So while year-over-year numbers are impressive. We got to understand the basic numbers. Just to go back to where we started as an industry. And if NOI was -- let's just say it was down 50%, somewhere down 40%, but somewhere on cut in half, and that's what will happen if you lose 20 points of occupancy you need to just go back 100% to go back to a high watermark. So if you put that in perspective, you realize that, obviously, the profitability of the industry remains pretty challenging. And you can see that in the margins. Margins remain significantly below where pre-COVID and frankly speaking, the peak of this business was not pre-COVID, was peak of the business was 2015 in last, call it, 1.5 decades and we're not even close to that.  So all these points that you're raising, which are very good points are very interrelated, right? If we can't get to a basic level of margins, that will obviously be driven by basic level of rates and occupancy, then investments, particularly new investment going back to Nick's question on development doesn't make any sense. You need to attract capital to invest in the existing community doesn't make any sense, right? So all of these things are very interrelated.  We're trying to do the best we can to provide a great level of service to our communities, our residents, our employees. And we also have to put in perspective like a lot of other types of operational real estate apartment stores, single-family rentals, which in the heydays have raised rents 20%,  25-plus percent our rent growth has been good, but it has never been sort of a double-digit plus, right? So it's always sort of hovered around 8%, 9%. That's purely driven by demand supply on one side as well as obviously an escalating cost environment. So we feel good about it.  We will see where we go from here as we are talking about this kind of rate growth. Also, I would like you to remember that just on a same employee basis, rates in the sort of cost of employees are up 30%, 40% in the last 5 years, right? So all of these things come into play. We're always looking over our shareholder. You can see how we're managing our balance sheet. Prologis is a terrific company. It will continue to be a terrific company regardless whether the stock is down in a given year or not. They've created a massive amount of value over the years. Stock goes up and down. That's not as managed as we control. Our responsibility is to manage the business and look for opportunities to create long-term value. Short term -- okay. 
Shankh Mitra: Yes, that is a domestic number we're talking about. We are seeing similar situations in our international markets. And one of them where particularly that market is challenged is U.K. and we're seeing significant opportunities in the U.K. And I think I mentioned that. And I think you will see us many granular transactions in U.K. this year to take advantage of that. Lack of credit, real estate -- health care real estate credit in U.K. If it is possible to be worse than the U.S., which is very hard today, it's probably U.K. market, debt market is worse than that of U.K. today. I mean U.K. debt market is worse than that of U.S. today. 
Tim McHugh: Yes, Vikram. On the FAD side, we've had an ongoing conversation around this just FAD growth. And we continue to focus on the long term. On the CapEx side, growing an internal or internalizing our capital management team and growing that team has been a main initiative over the last 1.5 years. And so as we've done that, we've continued to identify value-add projects, it's really attractive basically returns. And so CapEx, probably a bit elevated here from a long-term run rate. But is helping drive cash flow alongside of it. And as long as we continue to see those opportunities, we'll continue to put capital to work.  On the dividend part of the question, I'll start, and I'll let Shankh add anything. But when we cut the dividend at start a COVID, we referenced cash flow as being the main driver of our dividend policy. And so that hasn't changed. And so as we sit here today, not only is cash flow recovered pretty meaningfully from the COVID lows. So too is our confidence around the ongoing recovery in senior housing, and that was reflected with our updated guidance last night. So consistent with past commentary on the topic and our current financial position, you should expect that our current dividend policy is something we're actively discussing with our Board of Directors. 
Tim McHugh: Nick, I'll take the first part. So on the $2.6 billion, it's 100% senior housing and wellness housing. And if you look at the spot capital markets environment today is very similar to what it did in the fourth quarter as interest rates had run up, so we'll provide more disclosure next quarter as these transactions have closed, but you can expect the return profile to look very similar, both in terms of going in and stabilized yield as what we had in the fourth quarter. 
Tim McHugh: Juan, just on the kind of numbers there, the 159. So the Canadian assets that have transitioned, there's about 62 of those in our transition portfolio. Those transition in the fourth quarter. Those will be -- those will come back in '25, the majority of the rest of them come into the pool of '24. 
Tim McHugh: Yes. Thanks, Mike. It did. So our expense -- our overall expense that were underlying our initial budget were 6.5%. So our revised outlook today moving down to 6% and the change 50 basis points lower. 
Nikhil Chaudhri: Yes. I think, Jonathan, if you think about the sheer number of transactions that we do, but beyond that, everything we look at we can humanly impossible to do that without having incredible tools, right? So that's what -- and you've seen a lot of this, but the tools and the capabilities on our analytics team are the only reason what we do. And so they are an integral part of every step of the investment process from a pretty screen to shift through hundreds of buildings to them be able to predict the stabilized NOI for each building under different operators and find the right operator for those buildings. It's integral to what we're doing. So all the investments that we've made are paying off in space. 
Nikhil Chaudhri: Yes. Nick, I think the answer to both of those questions is a simple, no. We haven't seen any new capital come into the business. And there's really not much capital out there that is not reliant on the debt market. And the debt markets are just completely [ open ], and then we expect them to continue to be focused for the foreseeable future. And that obviously plays into the development cycle as well. So we've actually seen the opposite rather than folks take on new predevelopment and new potential projects, folks are giving us on products that they're previously pursuing, disbanding teams and all of that. So to answer your questions. 
Nikhil Chaudhri: Yes. I think, John, in the skilled business, we are essentially structured credit, short-duration providers of capital. And we're super focused on basis and [indiscernible] beyond that. And so at the basis we play out, it doesn't really have a meaningful impact just given the downside protection we have. I think this question is probably a better question for folks that play [indiscernible]. 
