Scott Estes: This is Scott. We mentioned that the current corporate level fixed charge coverage is 1.6x. And under the post-CMS adjustment rule, 1.4x. We said, frankly, the answer to your question is it's 1.3x to 1.4x.
Scott Estes: Jana, it's Scott. I would think probably that Medicaid perspective is obviously, that state budgets are in the process of being finalized. I can tell you, as you think about our skilled nursing portfolio, Genesis is about 2/3 of the investment balance. And as George has mentioned, as a part of our initial acquisition conference call, they expect their Medicaid rates to be flat to maybe even up 1%. If you think about their market, they're in a lot of the stronger Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states. And as we've analyzed the rest of our portfolio, we're expecting Medicaid rates across the portfolio to be may be flat to down 1%. So it's probably a general perspective I could give you.
Scott Estes: I guess first on the aggregate portfolio, as I mentioned in the opening remarks, one of the great parts of our portfolio is we have some assets and fill-ups. So you clearly have an 86% level with a very good chance of continuing to improve the overall occupancy. And I would categorize your question regarding stable occupancy in the quarter performance was about flat. I think you're seeing good rate growth. And of the 12.6% aggregate growth, at least half of it is coming from the stable portfolio and we're obviously getting some benefits too from assets and fill-up like we've been talking about. So it still seems to be like the quarter overall, NOI growth definitely in excess of 5% for the stable portfolio.
Scott Estes: Jerry, it's Scott. I think I'll just add a quick comment. I would say that we are having a strong July. I would note that both our entrance fee and rental occupancy components are up an additional 1% to 55% in the entrance fee and 89% in the rental fees as of today.
Scott Estes: There's some small third-party rents, and we don't have all the assets in the portfolio. That's the most significant because there's very little, virtually no debt.
Scott Estes: [indiscernible] the question was where we came to this in 2010 out in the skilled nursing industry. A lot of different moving parts to that. I don't know how to answer...
Scott Estes: The only thing I was going to add, Philip, is, and I was just going to point out that under RUGs-III back in 2010, our existing portfolio covered 2.4x. So you don't see a great swing. This is obviously an update to rate. This isn't a change in the system, so it's a big differentiator. And obviously, the industry's been in a fairly reasonable position. It'll just take some time to work through the changes from an operating perspective.
Scott Estes: It was -- I believe it's $0.01 different in our last forecast, so well, we can look at that and do the comparison offline.
Scott Estes: Tayo, it's Scott. Yes, I'd say we're very excited about the senior housing operating portfolio. I think you've seen -- you're kind of blending a few different questions there. In general, the fact that we are seeing solid occupancy, have assets and fill-ups, good rate growth, I mean, we're very comfortable with our longer term NOI growth projections in the RIDEA portfolio performance. In aggregate, it's essentially tracking right in line with our initially underwritten expectations at this time. And in general, as you think about just the NOI, there's been some questions this quarter about the industry performance. And it seems like occupancy has been pretty stable the last few months. We've seen some improving trends. So I would really get back to portfolio of senior housing, the triple-net portfolio occupancy of 88%. I believe is right about in line with the NIC average. And you really haven't seen a heck of a lot of movement there. And we also have reasonable coverage in that portfolio as well. So I would characterize it as stable overall and that RIDEA is a great opportunity for us.
Scott Estes: First year of this deal, well, we have the first quarter as a comparison even though that wasn't in our portfolio last year of 13% growth. So with a lot of room to run, I think you clearly have an opportunity to have great growth this year and it should actually continue for a number of years. So that was obviously a part of our comfort in saying longer term, 5% growth or better over the next, call it, I call it longer term.
Stephanie Anderson: Jeff, this is Stephanie Anderson. We have looked at that with our current margins today as well as the offsetting operational efficiencies that they have already begun to put in its place. And we feel comfortable that they will still be industry-leading margins, and that they'll support the 1.4x coverage ratio after management fees and do well on a go-forward basis.
Stephanie Anderson: Yes, it is a cash yield matrix based on investment, and it allows us the ability to make sure that we're getting the right yield for the marketplace.
Stephanie Anderson: Well, I'll get the one on the CapEx. It is a triple-net lease, where Genesis does all of the capital expenditures to refurbish. And then if there are projects that are rehabbing or changing the therapy in order to access the post-acute model, they would bring that to us and we would evaluate it based on IRR and get some return on it in the lease. And we also have that -- is already contemplated within our lease at a very good return. And the second question, I've already -- I think Scott has thesis [ph].
Stephanie Anderson: As to the risk on the skilled nursing industry, I think with the 2.4x cover, that it is very strong. And we have very good operators who understand how to work through reimbursement cuts. We knew this going in, that regulated -- reimbursement is regulated, does have some volatility in it. But we feel very comfortable in their ability to reduce overhead spending, operating expenses and improve the Q-Mix.
Stephanie Anderson: They definitely have some expenses already in line to be cut. They are reducing overhead spending, operating expenses. They have some pilot programs that were solely focused on care delivery and outcome that were, although great for the residents and the hospital partners, won't probably need to be postponed. But it is mainly an expense story and a focus on expenses, and there is -- they will continue to improve Q-Mix.
George Chapman: Right now, as Scott reported, these numbers do not assume additional Q-Mix improvement. So we think we have substantial upside of maybe 1 to possibly 2 percentage points of improvement a year as he's done this year, would really enhance their already strong coverages.
George Chapman: I think that this year has been -- last year and this year so far has been pretty indicative of what is happening, and that is that there are more consolidation opportunities in senior housing than any other area that continues. On the other hand, in John Thomas' group, we continue to get our share of medical office buildings and outpatient-type facilities. So I expect it to run 2/3, 1/3 perhaps this year and next. But after setting that, everything is very opportunistic in our world. So that's the way it's been going so far. And we're seeing awfully good senior housing opportunities, I should say, especially along the East and the West Coast in very tough infill markets that should put us in great position going forward.
George Chapman: I don't think anybody knows, Ross, for sure. But again, this is already a significant cut to skilled nursing that we can easily handle. I guess there's a reason why we're always running around 70% private pay, and we're happy to be there right now. But we think there could be some additional changes. But I think all of our folks are in a great position given the payment coverage buffer to do quite well. And as you well know, having been in the industry for a long time as well, again, we have periods where reimbursement is improved like it has been in skilled nursing for the last 5 to 6 years. And then you would have a bump in the road like this, and it's going to continue to go like this as we look to the future as well. So it's going to be very manageable, and we'll all have to wait and see what Congress does in there -- so in their usual workmanlike way.
George Chapman: Anything's possible, but we don't necessarily anticipate that. But when we're in a -- when you're in skilled nursing or if you're in acute care, those things can change from time to time. But the reality of looking at reimbursable type of facilities is that they are very efficient. I mean, I made a comment in my opening remarks that there is nothing more efficient than a skilled nursing facility in terms of delivering cost-effective care. And ultimately, that should be the mantra of Congress and all of us when we look at what we're paying for and what we're getting for. So that continues even after 40 years being in this business to be something that we believe should always be the focal point in evaluating the success or failure of any types of facilities. And if you look at post acute, like George does so well and Paul does over at HCR Manor Care, I mean, they have become -- those facilities and those kind of companies have become even more pivotal and more important to the delivery of decent healthcare going forward. So we remain really very confident in the success of skilled nursing, and for that matter, well run, efficient patient-centric health systems.
George Chapman: I think that cap rates have come down, and therefore, we're becoming even more selective in our investment. But we are seeing tremendous opportunities. As I mentioned just to the previous conversation that we're seeing some great opportunities down the East and West Coast, and we think over time, those are going to be wonderful additions to our portfolio.
George Chapman: Well, we're not -- there are not a lot of nationwides Manor Care or Genesis out there, but we're seeing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of terrific opportunities. So we're not back to the steady state where we're just doing 1 after another. There are some awfully good portfolios out there.
George Chapman: Well, first of all, predominant investment type, as I said earlier, is going to be senior housing. And on the other hand, in skilled, we're going to support George and his team as we think there are going to be tremendous opportunities. I do think you're going to see, Jerry, in skilled nursing that the pricing is going to have to change a little bit. Cap rates are going to move. And yet we also think there are incredible opportunities as the industry consolidates because frankly, as I said in my opening remarks, some of the smaller operators who have some really good assets are not going to want to fight it out with some of the new rules. And it will give George and his team, the opportunity to move down the East Coast, which we think is just an incredible opportunity for him. And it will be a wonderful collaborative opportunity for George and his team along with our health system clients and our assisted living senior housing operators. So we will support George, and we will support certain skilled nursing operators. But right now, the emphasis or focus has been on high-quality East and West Coast senior housing.
George Chapman: It's been slow and pretty steady, Jerry. I mean, you have visited -- you and your team have visited some of Donald's projects, SLC's, and they're doing very well on the rental. And we've even added on in the healthcare component, and they fill immediately. And the entrance fees keep moving up slowly. I mean, it's still most directly impacted by the housing market and the economy generally, but he's doing a great job. So we're going to do fine, and I do hope we're going to see regular rent increases till we get back to the original rate and do pretty well over time. This is a product that is very dependent upon the economy, and once the economy does start up, we're going to see the most significant growth improvement in that sector. But again, as you say, it's a small part of our portfolio. We're not going to add to it, but we're pleased with Donald's efforts today.
George Chapman: Well, we'd rather not have had 11% announcement by CMS. But George didn't want it, Paul Ormond didn't want it, Jay didn't want it. So I mean, it's not a positive. But the fact is that we saw one of the most experienced management teams that needed a partner like us and had capital to enhance their ability to improve their quality mix, and I think that's where I'd like to take you back to. George has the ability now to move from 55% to 65% Q-Mix, a very, very significant increase in coverage for us. And he has the ability to be a consolidator in that industry and to collaborate very well with our senior housing operators and health systems. Already, we're seeing some of that cross referrals working and making all of our partners in the Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic better. So our thesis remains the same, and we think they're a terrific team. And they've managed through a lot of these kind of changes, ups and downs, and they're going to continue to do it well. I've been out on the East Coast with George and Mike and their team to meet with health system leaders, and we'll continue to do that and continue to drive to the extent we can an improvement to the healthcare delivery system. And George and Mike and their team are just critical to that. So our thesis remains the same.
George Chapman: We have already set a matrix for our returns. So George knows what we need, and he's comfortable with that. How much we decide to pay together for our assets is obviously going to change somewhat in light of the Medicare situation, but we're seeing some great possibilities there. And again, we're looking at this as not just a SNF investment. We're, in a narrow sense, looking at it as post acute adding to the continuum of healthcare delivery, and also looking to George and his team to interface effectively with the rest of our operators on the East Coast. Again, as I say, we're looking to expand George's reach, and I think we're going to have some really good opportunities now to do just that.
George Chapman: We have exclusivity with most of our key operators. We do with George, and we're working very effectively together. But even beyond the contractual provision, everything comes down to their -- our operators continuing to think we're the best partner, and I think they do. We work with them all the time, Rich. We don't do a large transaction and put it on the shelf and forget about it. I've been on the East Coast a lot with George and his team, and so are all of our key executives and our RIDEA teams. It's that day-to-day relationships with a lot of our people and the value add that continues to get us more work from key people in the healthcare industry. So we have a lock-on on a lot of the business. But again, it comes down to, again, proving ourselves quarter after quarter.
George Chapman: Well, let me clarify your point. That was a beginning lease rate, okay, and we had coverage on top of it. And so we have very good initial yields built into the matrix with good coverages as well, and I don't think there's any reason for it to change.
George Chapman: And we've done that before. I think that this was a very significant cut back to the normalized kind of reimbursement from 2010, and we're back on track for that. I don't think that we're expecting a lot of bad news going forward. The reality is that skilled nursing post acute is the most effective provider of healthcare on a cost basis, and also increasingly, with people like Paul Ormond and George Hager and others providing terrific clinical outcomes. So we think the SNF post acute facilities' place in the healthcare delivery system is even stronger than it was in the past. So we're very confident going forward.
George Chapman: Well, I think the way we're going to play in the SNF post-acute area is primarily through key portfolio operators such as George, okay. We're already looking at some real terrific opportunities. And as people get back to reality as to the value of, like, Manor Care or Genesis and as well as Health Care REIT's, we think that there is going to be incredible value build up in Genesis. And of course, we have a 9.9% option, so we'll share in that success. So that's the way we're going to play it. We're going to have 3 or 4 just key nursing home operators that will be consolidators in that space. And again, the way we structured the deal with Genesis, we'll share pretty significantly in that. And the odds are that when the market gets back to reality on the value of skilled nursing, especially the post-acute providers, that you might even have some liquidity that's in the form of IPOs or whatever for any number of these companies. So think we're going to be in a very good position.
George Chapman: Well, it could well be that we can facilitate that. But all of our operators are independent-minded, and if we see the opportunity, we'll be all for that. But it's going to be up to them.
George Chapman: And I should add that during the last 5 years at least, a good part of our dispositions have been Medicaid-oriented skilled nursing. So our focus is on folks that like Genesis that have wonderful post-acute opportunities. And therefore, putting a more -- helping them with capital improvements to make them an even more efficient post-acute provider, especially in Genesis' area, where they have a densely concentrated platform, is a very good investment of our -- for Health Care REIT.
George Chapman: We'll always look at that as an opportunity. We already have, as you well know, a triple-net lease relationship with Brandywine, who I just visited with, I think, Tuesday. And there was an option to convert to a RIDEA structure. And they have some good upside potential, and it might be very good for Brandywine and us some time within the next couple of years. But our goal remains, at least for now, being somewhere between 20%, 25%, maybe a touch higher, if we have good RIDEA opportunities.
George Chapman: Well, as you know, we're going to hang around 4% or 5%, probably on average in development. We are seeing some opportunities for renovation adding on to existing facilities. I was talking to Jerry about even our entrance fees/rental facilities for a Donald Thompson's, we've added some great rental healthcare components to that. We always see that adding on to an existing successful portfolio or facility is just a terrific opportunity. We'll continue to do that. And we will build for some of our better senior housing clients subject to about the 5% cap, and we see that as a potential positive for us. And then in John's area, acute care, there's no question that the platforms are changing. So we're, at the very least, going to go in and help the health systems substantially renovate their facilities to make them more customer-centric and also in recognition of the fact that 60% plus of the procedures are outpatients. So there are opportunities there as well, but we're going to hang around the 5% level and take advantage of good opportunities. And I also add too that in the skilled, that they just -- in the senior housing area, we do them for folks that are already substantial players in our portfolio and subject to master leases. And then in the MOB space or in ambulatory care centers, we're looking for either a strong guarantee for a health system or -- and our standard for MOBs is at least 75%, if not 80%, pre-lease. So we're not talking about the kind of development risk that people can worry about. We think these are really terrific opportunities.
George Chapman: I think we're not going to get into all of the expense cuts and how we're going to do it. That's for George and for us to worry about. There are always ways for a skilled nursing to rightsize everything they're doing. It's been part of the 40- or 50-year history of skilled nursing. So just know that, that team is very capable of driving great Q-Mix improvement and to be able to create operating efficiencies.
George Chapman: Well, coverage ratios, Scott gave you already, based upon repositioning of the portfolio and even without the move in Q-Mix. So it's already built into...
George Chapman: Thanks very much. Let me close by reiterating that this has been probably the most successful quarter for investments in our company's history and probably in general. It has been a tremendously successful time for us.  We believe we built a best in the industry portfolio, and we're able to deliver outstanding growth for our shareholders for many years to come. And I think we continue to be poised to capitalize on tremendous opportunities in the marketplace.  So with that, I'll thank all of you for participating and remind you that Scott and his team are available for some follow-up questions, if necessary.
John Thomas: Yes, Phil, it's a great question. It's evolved and turned in our direction very positively. Most of what we've done last year has been with the not-for-profits. And between healthcare reform and really the incentive to consolidate and buy or employ physicians has caused the not-for-profits to look to the private capital to develop bigger ambulatory care centers to house and consolidate those positions into an integrated facility and then just a shortage of capital. The one thing we haven't seen is a big monetization or maybe monetization opportunities by the not-for-profits. They have not gone -- not inactive or very active in selling their buildings as much as you would think, but the cost of capital between the tax-exempt municipal market where that has squeezed very narrowly to our cost of capital. We've had a lot of opportunity and we see a lot more in the pipeline.
John Thomas: This is John. I'll take the doc fix. How they play this game every 18 months. In the end, we would expect a neutral to maybe slight increase from the doc fix. Our physicians, most of our physician medical office space is not very heavily concentrated in Medicare or Medicaid, so would not have any meaningful impact there. But yes, we would expect the Medicare doc fix to get fixed, and it's a very expensive fix. But they play the chicken game every year.
John Thomas: Not on the medical office side. We don't measure every doctors' office payer mix like you do with, like, the skilled nursing. It would be less than 20% at most, and they make their money on the commercial side with the physicians affiliated with hospital systems like ours.
