Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone. I will review first quarter business trends and our capital allocation priorities. John will provide an update on operational performance for our Senior Housing and Medical office portfolios. Nikhil will give you an update on investment landscape and Tim will walk you through our triple-net businesses, balance sheet highlights and guidance updates. We're very pleased to report another quarter of significant bottom line growth with normalized FFO per share up 17% year-over-year or over 19% adjusted for prior year subsidies. Quarter was once again led by our Senior Housing portfolio, but with notable contributions from all other areas of the business, including investments. Last night we announced another $1 billion of acquisitions under contract since our last update at NEREIT Conference in June, bringing our acquisition activity to approximately $5 billion year-to-date. There continues to be no dearth of capital deployment opportunities in front of us at extraordinarily attractive economics, which I'll get into shortly. Ultimately, we're pleased to once again be able to raise our full year FFO per share guidance as we continue to capitalize on the unprecedented internal and external growth opportunity in Senior Housing. Before John goes into details, I wanted to first provide some high-level thoughts on the Senior Housing business and why we remain as optimistic as ever about its future prospects.
Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Tim. In an effort to give you our owners a bit more insight on how we're thinking about the world today, we'd like to share a few macro observations. As we think about the last few decades over, there were several factors that provided a strong tailwind for investment returns of risk assets. Rates have gone from high to low. We printed an awful lot of money. We brought future demand forward through fiscal borrowing almost everywhere in the world, including U.S., Europe, Japan, and China. We benefited from globalization that led to lower inflation, and we benefited, for the most part, an era of peace and cooperation after the cold war. Our management team has and continues to debate if some of these tailwinds will turn into headwinds as we think about our investment time horizon, at the very least, questioning if these factors become the lack of tailwind. This is especially relevant in the context of a few additional questions. First, society is aging quickly in our markets. Is this trend inflationary or deflationary? Second, given the current sovereign debt levels and fiscal policy, what will happen to the long end of the rate curve, regardless of Fed actions? Third, now that the anchor of global yield, Japan has overcome zero lower bound, will the normal be higher for U.S. rates? We have no idea how to answer any of these questions definitively. And to further complicate the picture is the interplay of this question against the backdrop of substantially reduced tailwinds, which I mentioned before. We do acknowledge that they will have an impact on investments we are making today, some negatively, some positively. However, the beauty of our strategy and the platform is that we don't need these tailwinds to work in our favor. Let me expand. Would we benefit from a lower rate environment in which our assets we own will be worth more? Would such an environment turn our incredibly low leverage balance sheet into a powerful asset that we prudently tap into to drive partial earnings? Absolutely. Would it be fine, if not thrive, if we remain in a world of high long rates for an extended period of time? Unquestionably, as construction will remain subdued for foreseeable future and will continue to help solve broken capital structure problems? Let's consider another issue, the aging of the population. While we're extremely excited about the higher end market demand that this trend will drive for many years, it also begs the question, is the demographic shift inflationary or deflationary in nature from a societal standpoint? If you are certain that the grain of our society is deflationary force, then we would be investing in middle market AL product, which we are not. We're sticking to AL product in micro markets where we have conviction that we can achieve sufficient pricing power to pass on inflation and then some. This is especially important to us given overall lack of growth of caregivers commensurate with an older population. Hence our obsession with product market fit. Amongst all these uncertainties we contend with on a daily basis, whether it be the direction of the economy, rates or geopolitics, what is certain is that we're in the midst of one of the most pronounced demographic shift ever witnessed, and it's occurring at the same time at which the challenges for new construction remain extraordinarily high. To put simply, we believe that we are in the very early inning of an exceptional multiyear growth for the industry and add into John's and what our operations team is doing to drive digital transformation of Senior Housing industry, which should result in higher employee and customer satisfaction. We're confident in our ability to compound on a per share basis over a very long period of time for our owners. We as capital allocators and long-term investors will take compounding per share of earnings over speculation of macro all day long. Long-term compounding is the only way we're aware of is to create real shareholder wealth. As Buffett tells us, predicting rent doesn't count, building an ark does. I truly believe we have built an all-weather compounding ark that will continue to reward our owners across different environments for the years into the future. As proud as I am of the exceptional execution of the Welltower team in recent quarters, I'm convinced the best days of this company are squared in front of us. And with that, let's open the call up for questions.
Shankh Mitra: Yes Jonathan, we are focused on growing with a set of operators that we find to be exceptionally good in their region at their price point for their product. And there remains portfolios in our triple-net that fits that bucket and over time, you can expect us to continue to work through that and convert into RIDEA. And there will be assets in triple-net that will remain triple-net because we think, though for those assets, primarily midmarket assets, that's the right structure. We've got to think about long-term. Obviously, as I mentioned last time, I think our last call I mentioned that our underlying EBITDA in our triple-net portfolio is actually growing slightly faster than our RIDEA portfolio purely because of the geographic mix. That's primarily U.S. and UK. But it will not be prudent for us to think, let's just convert the whole thing, because right now we have the growth. We have to think about long-term and think about the growth prospects beyond stabilization relative to what we think inflation will be over a period of time. But there are opportunities, and you can imagine that we're hard at work, continue to work through with our partners to structure win-win deals.
Shankh Mitra: Yes Vikram, let me see if I can remember all the questions you asked. Let's just start with the acquisitions. Roughly, you should think industry is in low-80s occupancy and there's no reason to believe for obviously in the aggregate amount that we are acquiring anything, but in that sort of market rate occupancy, call it low 80%. So we think there is substantial occupancy upside. And I've said many, many times, really the toughest part of the margin story is sort of call it 80% to low 80% occupancy and majority of the flow through happens after that. So not only occupancy upside, you should see tremendous amount of cash flow upside into that. We have never been yield buyers and will never be yield buyers. We are total return buyers and that's how we think about investments, so that's sort of one aspect of your question. The second question is harder to answer, and I absolutely do not want you to sort of take this as my forward-looking comments. I have no idea. But as we are thinking about supply/demand in our markets, but more importantly, my earlier comment that all the platform initiatives that John and his team has been building towards, we should see impact starting 2025. So if you just sort of think about that aspect of it, I think occupancy can, I'm not saying it will, but can take a leg up as we think about 2025. But now if we sort of look into the different strata of pricing in different types of occupancy in our own portfolio today, I will share an observation with you that above 90%, let's take it this quarter, obviously to make a point not to specifically numbers, just if we think about 90% plus occupancy cohort of our portfolio, RIDEA portfolio, RevPOR growth was close to 7%. So our goal is for us, what we are trying to do is to get the portfolio to that level as the industry also fills up. So is it possible that as we go into a 2026, sort of summer of 2026 or summer of 2027, we see a leg up in rates again? Absolutely we can. But this is too early to comment, but we'll see what market gives us. We're so far very pleased with how this summer season is playing out. July has been a very strong month for us and we hope that sort of the summer season play out strong, but it's too early to comment how next couple of years play out. But I wouldn't leave this question without answering the crux of what you asked. What innings we're in this growth cycle? Very early.
Shankh Mitra: Nick, let me try and I think John or Tim, you can jump in as you fit. There are several questions I'm not sure I remember of them all. First is the occupancy. I think you heard John's comment that we have thousands of units that are under renovation that's going through. A lot of units are actually offline, so that might have contributed, as John said, that will impact or has impacted some near-term fundamentals. I've said this million times that we will always sacrifice short-term for long-term. We would expect that will augment our 2025 growth, but we are confident achieving obviously the NOI growth that we have put out otherwise we would not be raising that guidance. What was the other question, second half? Look, the thing is, if you think about the summer selling season, I sort of think about that June, July, August, September phenomenon. We got one month obviously in the quarter. We're pleased with June. That's sort of, this is the second quarter is always the second half sort of growth as we come out of the spring season, and it's really July, August, September that makes or breaks the year and we're very pleased with July and I have nothing more to add to that.
Shankh Mitra: But Josh, if you just think about longer term basis, there is massive organic deleveraging that's happening, and at the same time, the free cash flow generation is significantly picking up. You are onto something as you think about a longer term capital structure. We clearly don't think if we just stay where it is and organic deleveraging continues to happen, we'll be three times leverage soon. We don't think that's where a company of our size and scale should work at. So there is definite capacity to tap into to drive partial growth. But as Tim pointed out, that if the optionality, that's what I'm focused on. It's not a question of what we will in a given period of time do. It's the question is what we can. And as sort of, as you think about worst and normalized earnings for this company, if you think about that in terms of normalized balance sheet, not a point in time balance sheet that's too highly leveraged or too lowly leveraged as we are.
Shankh Mitra: I think you're asking us to speculate on longer term margin. I'm not going to do that. I will just say that we are -- that depends on occupancy and all the -- some sort of all the operating platform initiatives that John has been building towards. But as we have said before, that if we can take margin higher than pre-COVID margins, that at the very least you can expect the significant G&A savings for both me and John stepping down. Either way we should be making money either through that margin expansion or through our failure of getting to where we think we should be through G&A reduction.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So I'll try to start. Nikhil, please jump in. So it depends on where in the product cycle you have availability of debt. So if you think about more stable product, which has in place significant occupancy and significant in place cash flow that still can be financed. So if there is any competition, then that competition is there. We have no interest in buying that product. We are total return investor. You have to think about if you buy in 90%, 95% occupied Senior Housing building, no matter what cap rate you buy at, you will end up being at a basis that at least for most cases is not acceptable to us. For us, it's always about basis and staying power. That's how we invest capital. So if there is any sort of interest or it's just purely on availability of debt. We play at a space where we are much more interested in future upside, much more interested in bringing our operators to change the operating platform and operating environment and that's why we don't. We just, obviously we have put up this kind of investment volume purely because people are coming to us directly before they go to market. You will see things that go to market a lot of times. We have looked at it and then decided that's not a fit to our portfolio. This company is not designed to buy. We're trying to invest capital and build our regional density. So we think about assets and one asset at a time, depending on what other assets we own in those markets with those operators and that's how we think about this business.
Shankh Mitra: One, I think I have already hinted about this to Vikram's question earlier, but we're very, as I said, we're very pleased with the occupancy growth over the last couple of years, including this year. But if we -- all the initiatives that John has been building towards, if that can enhance that growth, we'll be very pleased. We shall see. Even this year is not over yet. It's hard to comment on next year, but we'll be very pleased if that happens.
Shankh Mitra: Ron, I would say we're in the very early innings of seeing upside. I think John mentioned in his prepared remarks that for the exact same scope of work in exact same places, we're able to drive 25% to 50% lower cost on CapEx initiatives and all and more importantly, we can drive at a much faster turnaround. Just if you think through that, the biggest question that we have in front of us, what's the frictional vacancy? Time is much more important than even money, right? Because turnaround time equals to occupancy, equals to your higher NOI, permanently sort of your stabilized NOI. So you just think about that. We're super excited about it. There's a lot going on in the company, but we are excited about, at the end of the day about free cash flow generation. So that’s to answer earlier question on balance sheet, I mentioned that just think through where free cash flow generation will be when we get to your definition of frictional vacancy. So we're excited about it. We're driving cash flow at the end of the day, that's all that matters and we think we're in the very early inning of that. There's a lot to come.
Shankh Mitra: So first, let's talk about what we disagree. Let's not take example of what exactly you said. I'll tell you, it's much harder to get to 95% than actually stay at 95%. So your basic assumption that it gets harder as you go on the occupancy assumption is exactly opposite of what our assumption is. So that's sort of the number one point. Number two is what is the future growth of senior housing as a business? We will debate that when we get there. Our first goal is, as I mentioned, you probably have picked up on my earlier comments, that as you stabilize assets, your ability to charge or your ability to get to higher RevPOR increases pretty dramatically. Right? So that's basic supply/demand. And so first, our goal is to get the whole portfolio there. And as you know, we're constantly reloading the gun. We're constantly buying lower occupancy buildings. And Nikhil bought a bunch of buildings this quarter that are 40% occupied, 50% occupied. Right? So we have a few years of work ahead of us to get to the portfolio to where we believe frictional vacancy is. And it sounds like you and we have a very different opinion of what the frictional vacancy is. But let's just get there and after that we'll debate what the long-term NOI growth of the business looks like. However, I'll give you a hint to think about on your own. Think about what operational leverage at different level of occupancy is. The NOI growth is a function of at a occupancy level, what your flow through margins are. And as you know, flow through margins goes up as occupancy goes up. Purely that's called operational leverage, right? That's just operating leverage. Once you think through that, you can come to that conclusion yourself. But we're not going to sit here and speculate. We first need to get to the Promised Land.
Shankh Mitra: Emily, I'm not going to try to speculate on what percent of that we will be willing to buy. We, as I've said that we don't have an amount in our mind that we want to buy. We're investors, we're not deal junkies. Our entire strategy is based on something very simple, which is want to build regional density and grow with our operating platforms. There are operating partners and as we see one asset at a time and we think about how it fits to the asset that we own in that area, we will make a decision to acquire or not acquire at a price. So it's a very strategic decision, deliberate decision that is taken on one asset at a time. You can see Nikhil said we acquired 7000 units to 82 different communities and we made 82 different deliberate decisions. This is not let's go buy senior living and buy x billion dollars at y percent spread. That's just exactly what we don't do. So I'm not going to sit here and speculate. But I will tell you that we see a lot of motivated counterparties who wants us to help them solve that debt problem and we're happy to do so.
Nikhil Chaudhri: Thanks John. It's hard to believe that we're almost at the end of the summer. We have worked tirelessly over the last three months since our first quarter call, expanding on our investment activity by an additional 2.1 billion. Since we have been working at such a torrid pace, I thought it would be helpful to summarize what we have accomplished so far this year. We closed on $200 million of transactions in the first quarter and announced additional transaction activity of 2.6 billion on our first quarter call. We subsequently signed up and announced another $1 billion of transactions at NAREIT in June and last night announced an incremental $1.1 billion of acquisitions, bringing this year's total closed or under contract transactions to $4.9 billion. We are pleased to report that as of the end of the second quarter, we have closed on $1.6 billion of these transactions and we are diligently working towards closing the remainder of our announced transaction activity by year-end. The incremental $2.1 billion of investment activity announced since our first quarter call is essentially entirely made up of seniors and wellness housing assets in the U.S. and UK and spans a total of 17 transactions with a median transaction size of $65 million. These transactions comprise of 82 communities with nearly 7000 units, an average age of seven years and a stabilized yield above 8%. Through these transactions, we are growing our relationships with Legend, Storypoint, QSL, Care UK, Arrow Senior Living, to name a few operators. Welltower's stellar reputation permeates globally as we remain the counterparty of choice for sellers, as evidenced by the unabated quality and pace of our investment activity. I want to highlight an emerging new trend that we have witnessed recently, inbound inquiries from Asian and continental European investors who own seniors housing product in our target markets. Perhaps driven by the strength of the dollar, but we are seeing direct inquiries to acquire senior housing assets from foreign counterparties who we have not transacted with before. During this quarter, we had net loan funding of $349 million as we originated $486 million of new loans and received repayments of $137 million across 17 loans. A vast majority of the new lending activity was with one high quality sponsor from whom we also acquired a portfolio of seniors housing assets. As I have stated before, we are creative deal makers with a problem solving mindset. I spoke last quarter about the dearth of debt capital in the Seniors Housing space, and I'm pleased to announce that we have been able to close out a creative win-win transaction with a counterparty given that backdrop. We previously transacted with this counterparty last year when we acquired 10 Seniors Housing assets for $469 million. We reengaged with them this year for a follow-on transaction. In this case, for a subset of the portfolio spanning roughly 1000 units we were able to see eye-to-eye on upfront pricing of $271 million and acquired those assets outright at a greater than 35% discount or replacement cost assuming a maximum payout on the performance based earn-out. For another subset of assets, we couldn't find alignment on the current valuation, but we were able to offer a creative debt solution. This $456 million first mortgage loan carries a 10% yield and spans nearly 1000 units across several newly built marquee senior housing properties with the last dollar basis at approximately half of replacement cost of these light new assets, this loan reflects a 56% loan to value based on our underwritten stabilized values. As with most of our loans, there are several structural enhancements to potentially convert these shorter duration debt investments into long duration equity investments. This entire transaction is underwritten to achieve an unlevered IRR north of 10%. Moving on to capital light transactions, as announced earlier, we are transitioning 89 former Holiday assets from Atria to six different regional managers. 69 of these transitions are already complete, and the remaining 20 are scheduled for later this week. As was our business plan all along, we have plans for significant capital investment across all these buildings. 65% of these projects are either completed or underway, with the remaining working through plans, scopes and budgets to start soon. With an inventory of over 900 modernized light new units, the newly appointed regional managers are hard at work in training the sales teams to market the enhanced value proposition of these communities. While we have been disappointed with the results achieved to date, we remain optimistic that we'll soon recognize significant operational upside in this portfolio through our focused regional density strategy.
Nikhil Chaudhri: Yes, I think I'll start with the reason they're looking to get out. It's the same as domestic counterparties, right? It's debt pressure. Now, obviously foreign counterparties have the benefit that their net outcome in their local currency is not as bad, given that the dollar is fairly strong, but the reasons are the same. And at least in the transactions that we're working on with a few of these counterparties, it has been to buy them out completely, not joint ventures or anything like that. So we're looking to do simple asset acquisitions like we have been in the U.S.
Nikhil Chaudhri: Yes, I think I just want to clarify when you said 75% Seniors Housing. On our development page, we provide in the stock, we provide a breakdown by units. And what you'll see is, it's predominantly Wellness Housing, which is age restricted or age targeted product, low service. So it's not traditional Seniors Housing. I mean, there's barely any Seniors Housing in there in the U.S. There are a couple of projects in the UK. But as Shankh mentioned in his prepared remarks, we have not been able to make Seniors Housing developments spend and so it makes no sense to do something that doesn't work out.
Nikhil Chaudhri: I think I mentioned that two quarters ago or maybe even last quarter, I don't recall, but you can go back and check. But since 2018, we have built this business to about 25,000 units that the whole business, through a pandemic compounded roughly between 8% to 10%. So that's obviously, as you know, these communities are highly occupied and despite that, they're compounded at that level. I hope so that gives you a sense of why we're excited about the business.
Nikhil Chaudhri: Yes, Omotayo, good morning. So first I just want to clarify that we're not just thinking about going back to pre-pandemic margins. As I said, that if that's all we do, we failed. So, but what needs to happen to get to a higher level of occupancy, a higher level of margin, is simply we need to get to higher level occupancy. So I think there's a lot of businesses you guys follow and cover and all and generally speaking, it's in our head that pre-pandemic was good. We have to remember that pre-pandemic for Senior Housing business was actually pretty bad times. Right? We got a few years of oversupply situations from call it 15 to 18, pre-pandemic wasn't good time. So we should not target to get to pre-pandemic. But to answer your question, occupancy needs to be higher for us to get there. And hopefully what you heard today, that we're excited about occupancy growth this year, excited about occupancy growth next year, and we hope that we will get to those margins as occupancy builds.
Nikhil Chaudhri: I think on the lumber point that has helped, but overall cost of development has not come down. If you put everything in the blender with different contractors, different trades, labor cost, construction cost is still higher than it was a couple of years ago, meaningfully.
Timothy McHugh: Thanks, Josh. So I think the key point for us is there is no plan to lean into it. As we sit here today, it just represents optionality. And so think about how, where we're at from a leverage standpoint and how we're still continuing to fund our investment pipeline. It's all about what we can't plan for. And at that point, it provides you the backstop and the ability to continue doing what we're doing and the business model doesn't need to change in really any macro backdrop.
Timothy McHugh: We have a long Runway here, but again, just going back a step. So we're all on the same page. So myself coming from the multifamily world, when you looked at rent effectively, you're looking and saying, okay, bigger rents are better because largely the expenses are banked irrespective of occupancy. When you switch into senior housing, it's a different story because higher rents are in part reflective of higher acuity. Higher acuity requires higher care and therefore cost and therefore higher RevPOR doesn't necessarily mean higher NOI. And so what my comments were in my script and what Shankh talked about is we're focused on optimizing NOI, increasing NOI, and in doing so, clearly targeting lower acuity residents coming in who have longer stays, all in lower care, all goes towards, in the AL world, all goes towards maximizing NOI and NOI growth over time. We're at the very beginning of that process and we put a lot of work into it, but obviously it takes time to work through all the different [indiscernible], all the different properties. So we have a ways to go and then that's completely obviously separated from all the other operating initiatives we have going on which have a positive impact in both areas, RevPOR and ExpPOR.
Timothy McHugh: It's about 12 to 18 months. So that if we think about stabilization, just think about kind of two summers what it takes to lease up these communities.
