Mark Ordan: Thanks Tim. I’m pleased to report a strong first quarter for Sunrise Senior Living. Our year-over-year stabilized community occupancy rose 60 basis points to 88.2%. Our average revenue per occupied unit stabilized communities was up 2.9% year-over-year. NOI was up 8% year-over-year for stabilized communities and 10.1% overall. Our sequential quarter to quarter occupancy was flat but historically we declined in Q1 so we were very pleased here as well. We are off to a flat start in Q2, so it’s too early to see any trend stemming from our strong first quarter. As Marc Richards will detail shortly, our cost declined in Q1. G&A of $28.6 million compared with $32.4 million for the same period last year. Last year’s first quarter did include significant severance cost, but overhead has continued to trend lower and is now at about $100 million run rate that we had talked about over time. The combination of our incremental EBITDAR driven largely by our recent acquisitions along with our lower cost drove adjusted EBITDAR to $43.8 million up from $28.3 million in last year’s first quarter. Stepping back from daily operating results let me discuss some highlights since the start of the year. While we continue to add net asset value to Sunrise and to make progress in our remaining restructuring activities, we are particularly pleased by our recently announced venture sale to Ventas. This transaction again validated the value of Sunrise purpose built communities in solid locations. We closed this transaction yesterday and the proceeds to Sunrise, $28 million, will be used to fully pay off our active key bank line. Finally, and in some ways most important, Ventas by meaningfully adding to the Sunrise portfolio attested to our ability and track record of caring for our residents while being strongest towards a real and financial assets, and that means a lot to all of us. All that this transaction represents is to the credit of many Sunrise team members in our field operations and in our office. We manage better, report carefully, budget better, communicate openly, and we invest more and more to always be the sector leader in care for people who depend on that care. When we see short comings we attack them immediately with any resources needed. In the first quarter and going forward our story is much less about restructuring than it is about developing new ways to strengthen the core Sunrise platform. While we have reduced overhead we spent significantly in our hiring, training, oversight and in advanced systems so that we are prepared to go forward and sync with the new healthcare world. We have reduced churn over something that’s generally accepted in healthcare but we hate. I'm leading a drive called You Voice Counts along with our Head of Operations, Laura McDuffie and our Head of Human Resources, Mike Rodis, just for the engagement of all of our team members by visiting with them and seeking their counsel about how to make Sunrise stronger. I could not overstate the importance we see in listening to our team to shape a better Sunrise, and then questionably this is the best part of our jobs. In a few minutes Greg Neeb will describe our progress on the few remaining restructuring initiatives in the United States and in the U.K. In all of these cases our discussions while not final and therefore subject to change, make us optimistic for positive outcome. The progresses we’ve made here has enabled Greg to work closely with our IT group led by Pat Horne to implement information and management systems that will touch all areas of our operation. I hope that our results and what you hear from us in this call will leave you with no doubt about how our determination and optimism about the solid and bright future Sunrise, our residents, our team members, our partners, and our shareholders have to look forward to. I’ll now turn the call over to Marc Richards, our Chief Financial Officer.
Mark Ordan: Well, the major thrust that we have been undertaking, which we are very proud of is to really strengthen our team to make sure that our 320 communities, many of which we own, will have the right to purchase and really operating at maximum efficiency and providing the best care. So we spend a lot of time and money building our team, a new head of care who reports to our head of operations. In general I think we’ve strengthened the organization. We have been piloting terrific new programs for memory care. We are, as you know Dan, the largest provider of memory care services and we want to stay at the forefront of that. So we want to make sure that our programming leads the sector. Then the next obvious step is to say, well, what other services can we provide to our residents. That’s something that we have been working on. We want to make sure that when we do that we do it properly and carefully so that we don’t have a hiccup. So that is something that we foresee adding to what we do.
Mark Ordan: Well, I think there are great opportunities there. But we want to make sure that we never lose anything in our core. Again since we both as a manager with the benefit of our owners and for ourselves, we still see significant additional opportunity running our business the way we do just doing it better.
Mark Ordan: Yeah, we had a little softening in demand in the U.K. Nothing I wouldn’t say there is any trend that we can see because of that versus the U.S. So we wouldn’t read more into that than anything else. Generally we’ve been a very strong performer in the U.K. In the last several months the quarter was a bit off. As far as why it’s taken us so long, maybe it’s because Greg has been handling that. But more accurately it’s a large loan and it’s something that we have to work through. It’s complicated, but as Greg said and I’ve said, we are very optimistic from the conversation that we’ve had with our lenders. We are working through it. These things are important and they have to be dealt with care. We have a very good relationship with our partners and our lenders, and again we are optimistic.
Mark Ordan: We are a manager in senior housing and that’s the core of what we do. Along with that we I think are opportunistic. We understand the capital markets, we understand the real estate market, so if there is an opportunity for us to buy real estate in an advantageous way we will do it. Similarly, if we think that there is value in our real estate that would be better off with us not owning it and somebody else owning it, that’s fine as well. We used to own a portion of the Ventas portfolio. We sold that portion back to Ventas couple of years ago and since that time our metrics have only improved. So we don’t think that we need to own real estate to maximize the performance of those assets. We will do it whether we are manger or we are an owner. So we separate the two. We want to make sure that whatever we are doing we are maximizing value and if that’s buying real estate we will buy it, and if it’s selling real estate we will sell it.
Mark Ordan: Great. Thank you everybody for your continuing support of Sunrise. We look forward to reporting to you in the coming quarters additional progress. Have a great day.
