Scott M. Brinker: Thanks, Tom. The year is off to a great start with sector-leading 4.4% same-store NOI growth, and our investment activity was once again the highest in the sector. I'll start with some color on the portfolio, beginning with seniors housing. Results this quarter were way above guidance. Same-store NOI growth in the operating portfolio was exceptional at 8.1%. Rental rates led the way with 4.5% growth. Results were strong across the U.S. and Canada and were especially robust in the U.K. In Metro London, the source of more than half our U.K. income were benefiting from incredible affluence and tight supply. Results in the operating portfolio continue to be exceptional in comparison to every benchmark. Our locations and physical plants are sustainable advantages that will drive continued outperformance. And with occupancy at 89%, there is still plenty of room for upside. If you want to play in a healthcare REIT with the highest organic growth, HCN is the pick. Turning to triple net senior housing, the portfolio continues to generate strong, predictable growth. Same-store NOI grew 3.3%, in line with guidance. Payment covered was unchanged and remains at comfortable levels. Moving to post-acute, results continue to be remarkably consistent. Same-store NOI, once again, increased 3%. Payment coverage after management fee improved to a healthy 1.34x. Many of you will remember touring a Genesis PowerBack facility at last year's Investor Day in New Jersey. HCN and Genesis will open their seventh PowerBack this summer. PowerBack is redefining the standard for rehab therapy. Patients and families love the private rooms, therapy pools, full-time physicians and large therapy gyms. Medicare and commercial payers love that PowerBack delivers tremendous value per dollar spent. This is just one of many examples of HCN partnering with operators to move the industry forward. Medical office. Same-store NOI increased 1.5% last quarter, in line with guidance. This is a low-risk asset class with predictable cash flows. We like the business because of its stability. Equally important, it allows us to build relationships with hospitals and physician groups. Over time, it will be a huge advantage for us to have scale across the continuum. Healthcare is becoming more integrated and more collaborative. The days of silos are numbered. Our relationships across the continuum will put us right in the middle of the collaboration. Investments. As you've come to expect, we're finding accretive deal flow, thanks to the breadth and depth of our relationships. Investment volume last quarter was more than $540 million with a Year 1 cash yield of 6.5%. The activity included follow-on acquisition to a Sunrise and Genesis, a continuation of our longstanding history of growing with our partners. The headline last quarter was a nearly $400 million investment with Senior Resource Group, who's been on our wish list for years. The assets are concentrated in highly affluent Southern California markets. These are among the highest-quality assets in our entire portfolio. And that's a very high bar to exceed. Importantly, SRG becomes another high-quality partner to help grow our business. The ownership group is a joint venture that includes the SRG management team and PSP, the Canadian pension fund who's our partner on the Revera portfolio and the Sunrise management company. Note that our relationships include capital partners, not just operators. The ability to collaborate with partners is increasingly important in healthcare, and HCN excels at it. International. We were the first mover in the U.K. 2 years ago, and we quickly established a leading market position. It's exciting to see that our relationship investment strategy can be translated into overseas markets. To date, we've invested nearly $2 billion in the premium quality U.K. real estate. Our senior team based in London has decades of experience in the U.K. They know every portfolio, operator and market just as we do here in the States. This is -- this allows us to invest strategically, and helps explains why our NOI growth rate exceeds every benchmark. Looking forward, we have active dialogue with 30-plus existing partners. They are the sector's best origination team. The deals are big, small and in between. The common link is high-quality real estate that will appreciate in value over time. Accretive investments have been an important part of our story, and that will continue. Two final points about healthcare real estate: One, it's a fragmented business. Two, it's evolving into a core asset class. The upshot is that, over time, the real estate will flow to large, efficient owners like HCN. With our vast network of relationships, we're going to be at the leading edge of the consolidation. I'll now turn to Scott Estes for our financial results.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Scott Brinker speaking. The increaser with Genesis was 3.5% for the first 5 years, and then 3% the final 10 years of the lease. And a portion of that increaser was tied to CPI, and then a portion was fixed, and with inflation seen as low as it has been, this year, there might have been a shortfall in the cash ramp that we actually received, and Genesis was a good partner and agreed to essentially fix the increaser for the remainder of the lease term so that we could ensure ourselves of getting the full cash rent. The result is that, for GAAP purposes, we have to now straight-line all the rent.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Tayo, it's Scott. I mean, this is a long-term fixing your partnership with Genesis. We're doing active investments with acquisitions and new development. So there's no tradeoff other than it's a partnership, and we work together when they need a favor and vice versa. That's the way HCN works.
Scott M. Brinker: I see. Well the same-store pool grew 8.1% over the prior year, and the major addition was Sunrise, and their performance was sort of right in line with that overall average. So I would say, on average, it had really no impact.
Scott M. Brinker: Sure, Juan, this is Scott. PSP became a partner of ours last year through the Revera portfolio in Canada, 47 private [indiscernible] assets. We own, let's see, 75% interest in that portfolio and PSP owns the balance. We're also joint venture partners in the Sunrise management company where we have 24% and they have the balance. And we're now partners with them in this SRG portfolio that we talked about where we each have roughly a 47% interest. That said, the dialogue is active and ongoing. I would think that all 3 of those joint ventures are going to grow, Revera, Sunrise and SRG. And we may look to do other things with them. One thing that became apparent to us over the last 2 years is that getting direct access to these pension funds instead of doing things via private equity companies was maybe a better route for a company like us as a long-term partnership focused company.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Ross, it's not that really unusual. There's a catch-up provision in the lease. So they would have repaid us at some point. It's just a matter of when do we get the cash rent, and we prefer to get it now rather than later. So, I mean there's really nothing to this other than Genesis and HCN are partners in this portfolio, and we're growing the business together. There's no -- there's nothing else to read into this.
Scott M. Brinker: Well, Nick, we don't make investments unless we think we're going to make money at it. And we prefer to make money on Day 1 and over time. I'd say the SRG portfolio is sort of the low bar, and that's the highest-quality portfolio we've seen -- our private pay, the markets are exceptional and that was a 6% Year 1 yield. That's moderately accretive. Not in a major way, but at our cost of capital today, we make money today. More important, over time, it's really strong growth rate in that portfolio. So we think that, over the long term, that's the type of investment that will make our shareholders a lot of money.
Scott M. Brinker: I mean, Nick, it's hard to predict the future. It's interesting though, what we see is that senior housing medical office has been an extremely strong performer over the past decade. It's been outperformer in up cycles and down cycles, and it's finally attracting the interest from institutional investors that it should. So we've seen the cap rate spread for healthcare versus other asset classes compressed, but there's a still a big gap. And I think there's still room for that gap to narrow. So 6% seems low. We can make money at 6%, but it's still substantially higher than the cap rates that people are paying for other asset classes that to us have lower growth expectations and less resiliency from year-to-year.
Scott M. Brinker: Nick, I think they're all potentially attractive asset classes for us. And I wouldn't just focus on the initial yield. I mean that's important, but there's a lot more to it from our perspective, including the growth rate over time, most importantly, but also the relationship, and is it one that's going to grow? Or is it a static one-off investment? SRG is an example. It's a best-in-class portfolio, but we're also going to grow with SRG. They're an active developer. They're actually into turnarounds, so they're going to grow that business, and we're going to be their capital partner. So that impacts our thinking, too, when we talk about what's an acceptable initial yield on an investment.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Jeff, it's Scott. We do have a small portfolio of CCRCs. I think it's about 1% of our portfolio. They're performing fine. Brookdale is a great operator, so that's a positive for the investment. I don't know what kind of yield they got on it. But traditionally, entry-fee CCRCs would command a much higher cap rate. So that would impact my response, and I just don't know what the purchase price was. So it's hard to say much beyond that.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Jack, it's Scott again. We took a best guess. We do have a large portfolio in New England that was heavily impacted by the harsh winter. And just looking at utilities alone, they dragged down our NOI growth for the whole portfolio by over 100 basis points. So it did have an impact. Had the weather been normal, I think our NOI growth rate would have been closer to 10% rather than 8%. But there's always something that's happening. It's a hurricane or it's the flu or it's winter weather, so we try not to get to into that.
Scott M. Brinker: Well, occupancy was surprisingly strong in first quarter. It was ahead of our expectations. And the traditional seasonality in the business is that occupancy increases from the first to the second, and then also the third quarter. So I would expect, our centers to continue increasing. But we didn't necessarily hear people saying that the weather caused occupancy to be challenged in the first quarter.
Scott M. Brinker: Well, the most important thing for us other than the risk-adjusted return is whether we can pick the right partners and buy the best real estate. I mean, that's how we've established a competitive advantage in the U.S. And that means, being deeply connected into the healthcare markets. And that's why when we approach the U.K., we hired what we think are the 2 best investment professionals that are tightly networked into the senior housing operators, the medical office developers and operators, and the best health systems. They can help us pick the best partners and the best assets. So that -- that's really the starting point for us, is knowing the market.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Rob, it's Scott speaking. Our MOB NOI growth rate last quarter was 1.5%. And we true-up the operating expenses at the end of each quarter. So there's no catch-up concept. But similar to my comment about the weather impacting the senior housing performance, we think, likewise, it impacted the medical office portfolio by about 50 basis points. So again, we would have done a little bit better had the weather been more normal.
Scott M. Brinker: It might by a bit. It's about 55%, 60% independent, and the rest is assisted, Rob, but the markets that these asset are in are so affluent that it's still a very high number despite being mostly independent living.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, we're not doing anything directly, Rob, but indirectly, we're doing still a fair amount of new construction in IL. Merrill Gardens is an example. They're actively building 3, 4, 5 new projects a year, and we've got the right to buy those if and when they seek to sell, which they certainly will when they stabilize. So we're doing a lot of that type of thing, Rob, with development even if we're not funding it directly. A lot of that stuff will end up within our portfolio.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Thanks, Scott. I'd like to highlight a few points before we take questions. First, our platform is stronger than ever. Our network of partners in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. continues to give us a competitive advantage in the marketplace. I think our Q1 results speak to that. We have a strong pipeline of accretive deals that our team is working on as we speak and expect that to grow throughout the year. We are maintaining a financial position that enables the company to execute on these opportunities, and most importantly, we have the best team in the sector. Our results this quarter are exciting, and we're very pleased to share them with you. But, we remain laser-focused on our mission of delivering superior long-term total shareholder returns. Holly, now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Thomas J. DeRosa: I think that is a good read on where we're coming from. I think that -- as I mentioned, we've just hired a quite experienced senior guy that we've all known for a long time to join our London office. I think we have great relationships there with the best operators, and we are going to continue to look for good opportunities for accretive investments in the U.K., and we will be looking even outside the U.K. but very carefully and staying with the strategy that we delivered on for many years.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Well, we look at everything. And we have a pretty high bar here. So if there's a large transaction that you're hearing about, assume that we've looked at it, but we're certainly not going to invest in everything that comes across our desk. We're going to invest in the good ones with the operators that we believe we can establish long-term partnerships with. It's not just about a deal for us.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Juan, just picking up on what Scott just said, I think that PSP is an example of the value of investing directly with an HCN versus accessing our type of investments through the private equity funds. And I want to make -- I want to mention that this is an area that I have a lot of experience with. In other businesses that I have been involved with, I have relationships with a lot of the large sovereign wealth and pension funds around the world. I will tell you that I've got a lot of calls. They're all interested in talking about healthcare. So I think you should look at PSP as a model for how we will establish financial partnerships with the best quality financial partners in the world.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Well, appreciate the question, Michael. Just understand that we've been talking about succession planning at HCN for a number of years. And while the timing of the announcement might have caught the people by surprise, I just -- you should know that there was not a decision made on a Friday that was announced on a Monday. This had been an open discussion with George, and I think, many of you have heard George publicly talk about succession planning. I think my appointment has a lot to do with the fact that I've known this company for so long, and I know the management team very well. I know the business very well. And I think it's unusual when you have someone who can step into the CEO role who is supported by the retiring CEO of the board and, most importantly, the management team. I think that's a unique situation, so while I can't comment on the other scenarios that you've raised, I think you have to look at what are the unique aspects that allowed this transition to happen so seamlessly here. If you came here, Michael, the day after the announcement -- or actually the afternoon of the announcement, it was business as usual. Everyone was doing what they do best here, and it's all -- I sometimes feel like I've been here forever. It's a strange feeling. But I think what I'm saying is this is very different than you normally find in a -- when a quasi outsider comes in as the CEO.
Thomas J. DeRosa: The agreements are nailed down. There are some moving pieces that we wouldn't be quoting numbers to you on this call today, but rest assured that everything is nailed down to everyone's satisfaction here. It's just that we're not prepared yet to be putting numbers on a conference call related to that. But when we can, you'll know all the details. But also assume that George's departure was very much in -- along the lines of what his contract was, which is disclosed, and assume that there is additional compensation because he is staying on as an adviser to the company.
Thomas J. DeRosa: At the moment, no. If those responsibilities became overbearing, both companies know that I may have to. But at the moment, I think it is an advantage to this company and to -- that I sit on the boards of those companies. Those are very -- the businesses are relative to what we do, both of them are real estate companies today. And I think there are numerous synergies that -- and knowledge that I learn from sitting on the boards of those companies that are relevant to HCN and vice versa.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Nick, we don't feel the need to throw around money at low cap rates just to demonstrate that we can do a deal. That's not the way we do business. And that money -- there's a lot of that money out there, let him go do it. We're looking -- if you're to see us go into opportunities that are -- that you may determine are a lower cap rate, assume that there is, as Scott said, it's part of perhaps an initial relationship. There's an opportunity to really grow with that operator or healthcare system, if it weren't in a, for instance, in a medical office situation. If it were an initial opportunity to get in with one of the largest health systems in the country and we saw an opportunity to do more with that health system, that might be a reason to do that 6% deal.
Thomas J. DeRosa: I can't comment on those rumors about conversations between Ventas and Health Care REIT. I would say that has nothing to do with a process that has been under discussion here for many years. This is something that -- these were discussions between -- as I told you between George Chapman, the management team and the board, regarding what was the right way to put a good succession planning program in place because George was going to retire. At a certain point, and as I said earlier, I think the stars lined up pretty well here. It's very different than what you find with some of the other situations that are out there. So, there's always people speculating -- in an industry like we're in where there's so much runway for growth and you're delivering every quarter for your shareholders, why would we even consider that at this point, any kind of a combination. That makes no sense to me.
Thomas J. DeRosa: Well, I thank you, for all your participation today. I hope we answered all your questions. And I hope you're as excited about HCN as we are, and I look forward to getting a chance now that I could get on the road now that we've released earnings, I look forward to the chance to get to see all of you over the next couple of weeks. All the best. Thanks.
Scott A. Estes: We are, Mike. I think, most importantly, we look at the flexibility by having over $2 billion of available capital. But our answers as always were timing of any future capital raise is contingent upon future acquisitions and our investment pipeline.
Scott A. Estes: The only thing I would add to, Tayo, I think is an important point. It's largely a stable pool. So the stabilized result of that same-store pool, there's not a lot of assets until up [ph]. It was within 50 basis points of the 8.1% if you just looked at the stable component.
Scott A. Estes: Juan, this is Scott Estes. I think -- we don't have any specific comments ready on the number as we're still finalizing some items, but I can say, it will be expensed in the second quarter. And the details will be made available, generally, in the retirement and consulting agreement as well as the employment contracts that will need to be filed with the SEC. So we will have the full detailed results. Those are all a part of it, and we'll provide that in the second quarter.
Scott A. Estes: Mike, it's Scott Estes. I think it's an important issue, philosophically, seeing Tom come in. I think you'll see in the document Tom got a very small stock grant, it was $1 million.
Scott A. Estes: And his long-term incentive opportunity is essentially that of a high-performing CEO in the sector. George's package and the only variability why we don't share a number is, effectively, he is an employee technically until June 30 and a few of the performance measures need to be determined at the time. So there's still some work to be done. But in essence, it's largely contractual plus the long-term incentives and plans that have been in place that are part of the calculation. So it's nowhere outlandish in terms of a number.
Michael Bilerman: Manny Korchman on the phone with me as well. Tom, I'm just wondering if you can sort of share a little bit on the board process and the decision on your appointment, and whether that was always a plan from a succession perspective. There's a couple of analogous situations recently in REIT land. You had HCP, which terminated their CEO and put a board member in place. You had Digital, which the CEO effectively was asked to leave, and they put an interim CEO in, who is the current CIO and CFO, and they're going through a search firm and a process. You had Equity One where the CEO announced that he was going to go off and take a new job and the board went through a process and ended up bringing in external candidate. And I'm just curious sort of what the board went through. I've known you for a long time. I understand and clearly you have the background and the history of the company. I'm just trying to understand the process that, that went through.
Michael Bilerman: Right. I guess to that point, you talked about it was ongoing open, I guess this has happened almost 1 month ago. Why don't you have the costs and things nailed down or agreements nailed down? I'm just -- it's just strange not to have that detail to be able to share with us.
Michael Bilerman: Right. So you'll get -- you're saying he's going to get some amount of severance or other payments, and I guess you're saying that there's some inducement package to you, Tom, that will come, that this could -- I mean, could HCP cost, I don't know, it was like $50 million or $75 million, something that crazy. I mean, what are we looking at in terms of -- just by -- ballpark it for us in terms of cash or stock that will be given here.
Michael Bilerman: Just between both. I assume you're going to be induced with some contract to take the CEO job, and I assume George is owed a certain amount of money, and I think we're just trying to get a perspective of what does the CEO transition cost shareholders.
