Thomas DeRosa: Before we open the line for questions. It's important that I mention that in 2018 Welltower achieved significant milestones in our environmental, social and governance initiatives. Highlight for the year include being named to the Dow Jones world sustainability index, one of only two North American REITs in this most prestigious index. Furthering our commitments to climate change, Welltower continues to be recognized for the number of new green building certifications added this quarter and throughout 2018. With respect to social impact the Welltower foundation and our employees donated over $1.5 million in 2018 to organizations engaged in health, wellness, arts and education. We were also recognized by the National Diversity Council, as one of the Top 15 companies, for diversity in Ohio. With respect to governance, I’m pleased to announce the appointment of Catherine Sullivan to our Board of Directors. Catherine has had a 35 year career in the health insurance industry and was most recently, the CEO of UnitedHealthcare’s employer and individual local market, and operating division of United Health Group. Catherine join Dr. Karen DeSalvo, former acting Assistant Secretary for Health at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and Johnese Spisso, President of the UCLLA Health and CEO of UCLA Hospital System, who both joined our Board in December of 2018. We are delighted to bring these three recognized healthcare leaders to the board of Welltower. At the same time, we are sad to see Judy Pelham, and Jeff Myers retire from our Board in May. And on behalf of our shareholders, we thank them for their guidance and stewardship. Welltower seeks the model accessible American corporations. In order to be counted among the truly excellent companies, we need to be a leader in ESG. I’m pleased by the fact that with our recently announced board appointments 60% that 60% of our independent are women and minorities. The diversity of our employee base, our leadership team and our board continues to be a priority at Welltower. This is not only a key component of good governance, but it has been proven driver of higher returns to shareholders. This is something we should all be proud of. At Welltower, we deploy capital in the most relevant sectors of healthcare real estate to deliver sustained cash flow growth all with an eye towards maximizing long-term shareholder value. We were the top performing large Cap REIT in 2018, delivering 15.3% of total shareholder return. This reflects not only the high quality of our differentiated business model, but the fact that we have articulated a path for growth. As you will see in 2019, we have positioned the Company, we position to continue to deliver for our shareholders. Now Nicole, please open up the line for questions.
Thomas DeRosa: Nick, at this point in the year we would like to give flexibility on how we think those would play out, but obviously we are very encouraged by the occupancy growth. We think that we will continue to have moderate rent growth and expense are challenging. So we will see how the year plays out. As you understand that we are trying to maximize our revenue not one component of the revenue, we will see how the year plays out. Too early to comment on specific breakdown.
Thomas DeRosa: You have heard from the leaders of ProMedica's and HCR ManorCare on our Investor Day and you have heard from them directly that now the leadership team expects better synergies in the short-to-medium term. We are encouraged overall by what is going on in the post acute sector, I'm not going to make too many comments given that Genesis as a public company, but looking for the release and see how obviously that sector is playing out, but we are definitely encouraged by the fact that - . just remembered that about half 45% to be exact of that each managed care transaction is attributed to Senior Housing with seeing occupancy in that Senior Housing both triple-net as we mentioned, both triple-net and the shop segment is starting to come back. So those are some of the data points I would point to you as you think about overall ProMedica, HCR ManorCare construct.
Thomas DeRosa: You know Senior Housing provides an environment for the aging population to live safely. A lot of historic housing in this country works against seniors health and wellness. So you could put some new technology in a obsolete residential environment and I'm not sure at the end of the day you are achieving the goals of improving health outcomes at lower costs. As John said, we are very much on the forefront of bringing new technology into our settings and also thinking really hard about what the settings of the future look like. And that is why we are so focused on the markets that we are in. Because Senior Housing is a very expensive product. As I always say, it's a luxury good that no one aspires to own. But it's a necessity, but it's actually out of reach for the majority of the population. So we have been very careful about where to own that real estate, because the cost of delivering the care as you all know has been growing significantly. So you need to be in places where people can pay. Overtime, I am hopeful, we will figure out how to deliver a much needed environment, a much needed real estate settings at a cost that is not without reach for the majority of the population. So stay tuned on that Karin.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes, background in 10 year. I think the pre-funding that we pointed to at this point makes sense for us to think about that from conservatism on the closing side of these acquisitions. So as John mentioned in his prepared remarks, not only did we have the issuance from the fourth quarter, but we continue to issue 195 million of equity into the first quarter and had $270 million disposition that have already closed as well. So, when you think about kind of where we are at from at from a funding perspective our balance sheet is actually in a very good spot to start closing on a lot of the acquisitions that we have spoken to and the combination of the timing of our closing the acquisitions, plus the seasonality of our Senior Housing, which steps down in first quarter, but then picks up throughout the year is what is driving that acceleration of earnings from the first quarter through the end of the year. So, understood on your comments around where we are at that midpoint, at this point we are maintaining a range because that makes the sensitive what the properly announced information.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes Tayo, Tim again. Answer is yes and yes. So on the acquisition side, we have $1 billion acquisition we announced on our Investor Day, which 180th, which had closed in the fourth quarter and the remaining of which will close during 2019. And then as you said, we announced CNL on January 2nd and its $1.25 billion. So between the Investor Day announcements and the CNL announcement, you are getting you are your acquisition, your publicly announced acquisitions. And our disposition of $1.4 billion that we revised this morning is all included into our 2019 number.
Thomas DeRosa: But there is high visibility Tayo to that number. This is a number that we know where those opportunities are.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes. So you are asking for something that we have absolutely no upside, either than predicting what might happen. I will just mention it to you that as you know our Senior Housing business, which is an e-driven business. Right. So if you look at the Assisted Living data, over those timeframe you will see a business stage, lost a couple of 100 basis points of occupancy, but the rates growth remains resilient and expense growth is obviously helpful in that kind of environment. I'm not going to venture a guess of to exactly how things are going to play out. I will also mention to you that it depends on when you go into such an environment, what is the supply more importantly what the demand side looks like. So it's a complicated answer than you would like, but I would like to point out when you think of our portfolio Senior Housing is a very broad term. When you think about our portfolio, think as you know it's a very much that particular portfolio and our idea says is very much the new driven product.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes. So far to-date you are correct. The Genesis transaction close now its $252 million and we had another $16 million of transactions close year-to-date. So we have closed on 268 million dispositions at a little less than a nine cash cut. So the remaining call it $1.1 billion should be spread out through the remainder of the year. I will think about it kind of being in mid-year from here as far as timing.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes. The remaining assets or mix of medical office buildings and Senior Housing. And I would think of that being, so getting about the blended Cap rate overall you see the remaining $1.1 billion is being done in much lower Cap rate than what has been sold. And it's more in the category of what we have talked about in the recent past, which is outside of opportunistic continued kind of calling in the portfolio and some of the higher [indiscernible] sectors, there is not much of that left. So when we think about capital recycling going forward it's really lower Cap rate non-core assets in our business that are higher quality, but there is institutional demand for it, that aren’t necessarily part of the Company's long-term strategy. And that is going to be reflected in the Cap rate. But it kind of goes back.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes. Correct. Your math is correct, an abundant Cap rates of what is remaining. So I think it will be from a quality perspective, from a sales Cap rate perspective it will fit again in that bucket of higher quality assets just don't fit into our necessarily our long-term strategy.
Thomas DeRosa: I would was just add that Jordan. This is kind of back to the Karin’s question from earlier. But the math on kind of our dispositions throughout the year adds to the part of that to the acceleration of earnings into the year. So your mouth is correct, we are being accretive sales in the back half and to put that I think Vikram said anything as the run rate likely during the year would be towards the higher end of what our guidance is out there. But throughout the year, we will have a low remember at the start and partially due to some of the sales currently going to be it.
Thomas DeRosa: I had mentioned in an answer to Tayo’s question, that there is tremendous visibility here. Now anything can happen in the development world, lots of reasons why things will be delayed, but I can’t underscore more that we know where these opportunities are and the timing of them is not something that we are going to predict for you. But let's just say, this is not 10 years out in the future. These are things that we are actively engaged in right now.
Thomas DeRosa: You know I think what Shankh said is that we are engaged with some of the most successful developers in the U.S. today. And they are presenting us with many attractive opportunities that are very strategic for us, because these are opportunities with some of the nation's leading health systems. And I think you have gotten a little flavor for that. If you look at what we have done and what we have announced in 2018, and some of the projects, for example, with Providence St. Joseph Health system, the projects that we talked about today with Atrium, a very highly rated system in North Carolina. These should give you an indication of where a significant amount of growth will happen to Welltower. We are not going to give you any more granularity about that, other than we showed you with real examples of what we are doing and we have articulated a $3 billion pipeline you should assume a big percentage of it is more of that.
Thomas DeRosa: Good question Steve. Let me take some of that and maybe Mark Shaver will have some comments on this, because he spends a lot of time with the health systems as to why. One of the comments I will make is that as health systems start to see a future to their business model that is different from the very focused acute care model that drove so much of their real-estate investment in the past, I think that open-up opportunities for partners like Welltower. So I would say what you see particularly from the non-profit health systems is a little bit of a mixed bag in terms of performance, because some of them are very well positioned to face a great new world, where data, new technologies and an ambulatory focus will have a big impact on profitability. Those that are attached to an acute care in patient bedded hospital models will struggle, not to say that there aren't markets where there is an undersupply of acute care. But on balance, there is a lot outmoded acute care beds that fit in all of these health systems that are well packed or useful life. So when they look at capital going forward, many of them are now seeing that a partnership with Welltower helps them to accelerate the transition that they need to undertake. Mark do you want to make a comment…
Thomas DeRosa: And I would just add one last comment. Majority of the pipeline today, if you look at with health system though. It is on what you understand as traditional outpatient ambulatory care medical officer segments.
Thomas DeRosa: Yes. It's Tim here. We are always talks talk, as Shankh mentioned as part of his prepared remarks and as we are consistently saying with interested parties in our assets. And you shouldn't think of discussions between now in December having been something changed, but things firm up and it got to the point where we have to putting it into guidance now than we would have been back in December.
Thomas DeRosa: But we announced on 85th in Broadway, this is a product that is never been delivered. I think what healthcare real-estate offer investors is the opportunity to invest in a next-generation class of real estate that they have not seen before. It's going to take a lot of capital, that is what we are positioned to do. I don’t know how you do that if you are not investing with Welltower. And Shanks comments about all this incoming calls now, a lot of it has to do that, we met with an institution who realize they would be much better off investing with us than trying to compete against us. Because there are - just you have heard us talk a lot about our data analytics capabilities. No one can compete with that, so there you go.
Thomas DeRosa: We think there actually will be develop of products by the payers that will address the needs of the population that will likely enter the Assisted Living sector. Again, generally a wealthier population. Historically, we don't think of MA as a product that was geared for somebody paying $8500 a month for Senior's Housing. But I think that is going to change in the future. And as Mark said, we have a lot of discussion with the major payers, you just heard that a very senior executive from United Health Care came on our board. We just announced it today, as well as Dr. Karen DeSalvo, who was with the largest payer in the world CMS and he is the larger payer in the U.S. CMS. So we have got a lot of good knowledge and experience of both inside the Company and sitting on our board.
Shankh Mitra: So I think that should not be a surprise. If you look at the history, you will see that how our portfolio has generated data growth and that sort of the Alfa if you will has widened as the cycle got tougher and tougher. And the second thing I would mentioned that if you look at, we have very granular view of where our portfolio or asset should, you have seen our data analytics presentation and how we are thinking about asset management, very active asset management, you kind of seen that we have taken a lot of proactive steps to sell asset and not afraid of the delusion on a short-term basis. So we are encouraged by the business, now it's very hard to comment on this things on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but we are encouraged where that population growth is coming and the supply is staring to roll over.
Shankh Mitra: As you know, as you look at our numbers, you will see the expense growth has been challenging for last five years, so this is nothing new. I would expect that 2019 we will continue to see that, maybe we will see some moderation in 2020, because a lot the California markets by then will actually have $15 of wage growth. So which is driven a lot of those increases. By 2019 will continue to be a challenging year and obviously, hopefully we will be able to mitigate that like we have using some pricing and some occupancy. You are correct about the trajectory given obviously year-over-year growth is not just a function of what happened this year, because the function of what happened last year. So you are correct about the trajectory.
Shankh Mitra: I'm not just suggesting by any means that we don’t have a view of what our ideal portfolio should be constructed. I will also say that view is evolving, so it's not a static view, but what I was trying to drive that most importantly we deploy Capital to make money. Even if we assume that we had a long-term view of some percent of asset from some segment or some operators, we are not prepared to get to view, to execute that view, to realize that view, we are not prepared to pay a price that does not make sense from a total return perspective. That is what I was trying to drive at. As you have seen within 12 months we have turned from an opportunistic buyer to an opportunistic seller right. Every asset this Company owns is for sale at a price and total return. So that is no different from skilled nursing, no different from any other billings we own in any other segments.
Shankh Mitra: So, Tayo we do give you those stats, because that is what you guys have asked for and we continue to give those stats. Well our view of supply as it relates to our own portfolio is very granular and much granular, we have shown you some of the facts on our Investor Day, which you know we see a supply is an ACU or Adjusted Competition Units and our view is competition or our portfolio will be lower in 2019 than in 2018. But that we will see obviously things fall off from it 2018 to 2019 that I also think go from 2019 to 2020. We are encouraged by what we are seeing particularly as you recall, I mentioned in Assisted Living segment, which is a very large portion of our U.S. business we have seen 120 basis points in occupancy increase. That is one of the best uptick we have seeing in years hopefully that is helpful. Thank you.
Shankh Mitra: Thanks Jonathan. So the preferred you are referring to, you are right there, they are convertible and are actually convertible at all right above 73.54. So even trading above that for some time, and there is a trigger on that that if the stock stays where as that or above that it will hit in the near future. I think the way you just think about that is that the way we manage our balance sheet is always to continue to position it, in a better long-term position, and we will be in the unique position if those remains convertible to not only further exercise the balance sheet, but do it in a cash flow accretive way. So I don't want to speak to where the stock price may or may not be in the coming weeks, but you should think of us making the right long-term decision from a balance sheet perspective on this.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. I mentioned seven relationships, three are in MOB, four are in senior’s housing, all but one is a new relationship, one is existing relationship.
Shankh Mitra: No. We have broken ground already on the largest project we mentioned, which is a [Indiscernible] property. I also said these are not just development, they are under construction project as well. So, obviously they are coming up and obviously at the right point in the lifecycle we will execute on those opportunities. But they are as I said, as you can look at, it is very typical for this company to have this kind of arrangements that is why we have always executed in relationship investment strategy with our operators, so there is nothing new that I'm telling you. But we are very encouraged that six of the seven new relationship with highly reputable developers and operating partners and a very interesting part of that trend which is a change as I mentioned in my script out of those seven, four has reached out to us instead of us reaching to them. And so that sort of gives you a sense of how we compete in the marketplace today is shifting.
Shankh Mitra: I think Lukas, you might have a start, I think, I said that we have announced $725 million worth of Senior Housing portfolio across three operating partners. And these assets are new assets, young assets 4.5 years of age. But there is nothing else I have to add to that, except that we think that we did this transactions at a very attractive returns of 6.6% Cap rate.
Shankh Mitra: So, well I think, if you look at last quarter earnings call, you will see that I have going through significant details about how to think about that segments, I'm not going to repeat that. I mean, I think, I answered that question before that you are not going to see something of material size. But we have to say it, we don't think about is a triple-net better than idea, or idea better than triple-net and that is not how we do this business. We think about alignment of interest with our operators. So if it is the right alignment, we will take ideas into triple-net, if it is the right alignment to do it the other way, we are going to do that. But just to answer your question very specifically, please go back and read the transcript from last call, you will see there is a major discussion about that topic. I don't want to waste everybody's time to get into that. But we do not expect anything aside change from triple-net or idea as of today.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. Absolutely. This is also something we talked about in details and our Investor Day. We have a couple of lead test role in this year that would have downtime. We always underwrite downtime. And that is what you are seeing, sort of gets caught in that calendar site. We are very, very excited about that business as key towards taking over the business and is making lots of change. So starting towards the end of this year into next year, you will see the fruits of those efforts that key just putting in and bringing and hiring a lot of really good talent there. And also empowering a lot of our existing talent. So we are very excited about the business. What you are seeing the 25 basis points, it’s just a function to lease role that we described on our Investor Day.
John Goodey: Karin let me just add that it's no secret that we have sold a lot of Senior Housing assets over the years. I think what you are seeing is a plan dedicated critical view of what we own from an asset management standpoint and when we see asset in Senior Housing that we do not believe have long-term viability, we will exit those assets, we will take the short-term dilution that you get from that and all with an eye towards owning the best-in-class asset for the long-term and as Shank said in the right market. And I think you know particularly Karin, we take a very granular view of how we define the markets that we want to own Senior Housing assets in. I think what you are just seeing is the benefit of an active asset management program with the view to the future of the business and were just trying to manage FFO per share on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
John Goodey: If you look at the demand growth for last three years for example, I mean Nick has a lot of this data, you can look at it. You will see that demand has been running particularly in the Assisted Living IO plus AL minus seg brand 3x of population growth. So there is no evidence that we have seen that is the case. Do we think that technology will change this business for better and that will be very helpful for senior in their home environment? Absolutely, but just recall that as lot of senior home is our communities as well, right. Those technologies and I mentioned a bunch of them in my prepared remarks will help us drive the margin as well. So we will see how this plays out. It's very difficult to sit here and predict what might happen. But there is no doubt that in the recent past at least we have seen the demand have been running 3x of population growth.
John Goodey: I would just add one more. If you think about it, we have raised the equity already. But as you know, real estate transaction takes time to close, right? You have a six month gap between when you are raising capital versus when you are deploying capital, which is the prudent thing to do. We are not going to take that kind of market with, we have big balance sheet to maintain. But that is sort of driving the dilution this year, but sort of, you can refer from Tom's comments that we don't think, that impacts the run rate earnings growth. So you are going to see a good chunk of the run rate earnings growth shows up in the second half and then flows through 2020 and beyond.
John Goodey: Yes. So we do think that the number I mentioned is ones that we can execute on. And as I said that we want to do it, we have several different structures. And we don't want to do a role for just we mentioned. But we are deploying capital in various ways equity that different parts of the capital structure. And when not equity, and we fund a portion of our capital stack to mezzanine, back in mortgage, participating mortgage. You can think about in structural, provisions that is available that we use. Then we get a role for [indiscernible] and a participation that is defined on the front end. So we are very careful about our basis. We are very careful about our IRRs that we achieve. But more importantly, as I said, that is our options and not an obligation. So obviously we would hope when we deploy the capital, where the cost of capital, if not we wouldn’t. so that sort of gives you a sense of how we think about this.
John Goodey: Yes. That is a good point I should have mentioned that. So Tayo I can sit down with you and walk you through building-by-building what those opportunities are and unidentified opportunities that is a very good point Tom.
John Goodey: Jordan. We are not definitely just building a math, we can only tell you that the demand for healthcare assets both in Senior Housing and medical office is extremely robust. It's clearly Senior Housing, we are seeing medical office have Cap rates have come up from the cross of 2017, but in seniors housing there is an absolute bidding frenzy from institutional investors. People are seeing where the demand growth curve is going and there is a true demand for this assets. So we obviously like to recycle our portfolio and our balance sheet or working in those time. So that is what we are doing.
John Goodey: No, Jordan, it's a Brookdale transition that is still happening. A lot of those assets – California, a lot of Brookdale assets are in California and those obviously the licensing transfer takes time, so those are happening right now. There has not been any additional triple-net to write their conversant other than Brandywine and Brookdale that we have talked about though the year - last year.
John Goodey: Brandywine is, because it is not a change of operators. Brookdale assets are not because it is a change of operator.
John Goodey: The question of quality is hard to answer. Quality to us is what is strategically relevant to our long-term plan. We are selling and you have seen us sell assets that many people think are high quality. We talked about where Cap rates are in this space. These are high quality assets to some people, but they may not be strategic to us. So it's hard to answer that question. When you see us deploying capital in senior's housing going forward. Understand it's in markets and the types of assets that are relevant to the broader well tower strategy which is connecting Senior Housing more broadly in the health and what is increasingly becoming a wellness continuum. That is what we are driving here. So that is what we think of this quality, because we sell something it doesn't mean low quality and we are getting good price for it, because to some buyers they are great assets, just they don’t fit necessarily our long strategic plans. I hope that is helpful.
John Goodey: First is I'm not going to venture to give us on what average development spend will be, it is safe to assume it will be higher than where it is, it's a question of risk reward. As you know that we for example in the medical office segment, we already put shovel in the underground when it's close to 100%. We don't go and build a building if we have say a half of that as a commitment, so that sort of to answer to what the question you asked, it’s probably going to be higher, but it is a function of lot of other factors. The second, answer is, as we think about the ramp-up of the acquisition portfolio, we should also think that equitization of those assets will come from both common equity as well as the assets we own. Tom talked about how we think about asset dispositions, we have lots of very high-quality assets that has a significant bid in the marketplace today. And we will continue to recycle capital and the most important point that you are not going to see the diluted capital rates that you have seen before, so whether it's from common equity, it’s from the assets we own, we do think that we will very prudently manage the balance sheet.
