Scott Brinker: I’m Scott Brinker, I’ll start. The U.S. continues to be really strong, so five plus percent growth in the first two quarters and that’s roughly three quarters of the operating portfolios so that’s by far the most significant driver. And I would say that UK actually is improving, census is definitely moving back up, it’s just that we need to climb out of a pretty big hole, because of the flu from the first quarter that extended into April.  So, we’re going into the right direction each quarter moving forward is going to improve. It already is, it’s just will take a while with that growth rate to turn positive, but I would say 2016 is the latest based on current trends. I’ll say for our U.S. same store growth is quite encouraging and I think again speaks to some of the concerns about supply coming into the markets, we maintain that in the markets where our portfolio is concentrated there is not a supply issue. And I think that now five plus percent same store sales growth in the U.S. portfolio which obviously is the overwhelming majority of our asset portfolio I think should help to direct some of those concerns. 
Scott Brinker: It’s Scott Brinker, I’ll take that. First, we’re doing within our existing partner in Revera, it’s the second biggest senior living provider in Canada, so there should be some economies of scale. On the expense side, Regal is a relatively small company with plus or minus 25 homes. So we are expecting some upside there. And the way we structured the deal is that, while we will maintain our pro rata shares of all the upside, we will have a fixed 4% increase in NOI through this preferred return for the first five years and that starts at a 6.1% yield.  So it’s a very attractive initial yield plus growth at a minimum and then we do capture the upside as well. I also think that Regal portfolio is in the top markets in Canada. Again, you have to -- we are creating critical mass in the major metro areas in the Canadian market, I think that’s something that we feel very good about for the long term growth prospects for this portfolio, based on those markets.
Scott Brinker: This is Scott Brinker speaking. We don’t have a ton in those areas like sort of the middle part of the country that are heavily depended on natural resources. So, Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Vancouver those cities are not as impacted by natural resources. That being said, the Canadian economy is very much tied with what happens in the U.S. and I would say it’s more stable than the U.S. just given how they finance things, and the way their banks work. But as a general comment, we like the Canadian market because we own very, very low acuity and mostly senior apartments in Canada. This is a very independent living portfolio, it’s a nice compliment to what we do elsewhere and it’s very stable.  So long life – stay, very high occupancies, very high margins but it’s not going to grow 5% 6% year, it’s more in the 3% to 4%, very steady, stable. And we use significant opportunity over time to then add services, particularly assisted by memory care, because just think about the fact that they are really two businesses or two sectors in Canada, there is independent living where we have a major -- and there is long term care that’s funded by the government and there is this huge area in between that’s unmet today, the same thing that existed in the U.S. 20 years ago. Now over time, that’s going to change and we think with [indiscernible] and Revera, by far the biggest players in that market will be well positioned to capitalize. 
Scott Brinker: I don’t know it’s hard to say – I don’t anything – decades from a medical office standpoint. Remember you can’t though in Beverly Hills, you can’t even repurpose existing assets. So replacement costs is really irrelevant at this case. But we’re around I think $1,000 a foot, I doubt 
Scott Brinker: Yeah, occasionally we say an equity stake in [indiscernible] Partners, Avery is one that we had targeted on day one of entering the UK three years ago, was a premier provider and they have lived up for that expectation. We did a big sell with them to start the relationship and then we have done a number of follow-ons both acquisition and development. And we thought they sensed actually take a stake in the operating company in itself. A small stake I think 8% 9%, it costs a few million pounds but it aligns us with a really important partner in the UK. 
Scott Brinker: We’re not going to compromise our capital structure to – in terms of making new investments I think one of the benefits of bringing CPP in and along with PSP is we have now, a huge pool of capital to access for the right types of investments. Understand that they are very aligned with how HCN invests and manages real-estate assets across the spectrum of what we own, which starts in independent living and goes up to the front door at least in the U.S. of the acute care hospital, but doesn’t go inside those doors. We are in the outpatient, we want to do outpatient with the best help systems and we want to bring state-of-the-art post-acute care as well as build infrastructure of senior communities in the markets that need to have it. And they are aligned with that and we are going to continue to grow this business and we are going to continue to strengthen the balance sheet which I think takes a lot of risk, out of this whole equation for our shareholders. 
Scott Brinker: Yeah, I think it should be in that ballpark – by the end of the year I think we’ll get back there for the whole portfolio as the UK bounces back. It will take a little time. 
Scott Brinker: I think when we really get may be more introspective making sure we really you’re going to wagon – circle the wagon a bit, you’ll always emphasize the investments with the existing partners. And you can see almost 80% of this quarter’s 627 million is with existing partners. So we’ll always have a similar dateline level of investments off market transactions. We want to make sure that we have the financial flexibility no matter what happens in the capital markets to finance those and support our partners growth.  So I believe we have many avenues for financing that growth. So we essentially available, we have an ATM that’s in place, we get about 280 million a year through our dividend reinvestment program, obviously joint venture partners. We actually added potential call it 100 million medical office portfolio to our health for sale assets this quarter that will probably happen early next year. So we’ll be looking at all the different avenues to make sure that we can continue to grow with our partners first and foremost. 
Scott Brinker: That was the cash portion, the accounting gets really confusing. So if you have very technical questions, we should follow up, but the units are actually not included in the 124 million because technically that isn’t owned real-estate yet for us. Clearly these units are convertible in the cash or stock at which point it will be own real estate from our standpoint but the 124 you see is really the cash portion of the purchase. 
Scott Brinker: I don’t think – I think we big picture always looking calling the portfolio and being proactive and thinking about dispositions. This quarter sequential change, the Life Science portfolio was a minority investments so that number was not on that line and as I just mentioned, we did add about a 117 million, medical office portfolio this quarter for the health for sale bucket. So I would think even though I think the majority is strategic dispositions in terms of the asset that are less desirable have been called out of the portfolio really over the last three to five years will look to be opportunistic and probably have a few 100 million of asset sales per going forward. 
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Nick, the other thing is in the three years we’ve know the assets, the NOI have been double digits to-date. So there’s been huge appreciation, it’s been a huge a tailwind for our whole portfolio. The last two quarters weren’t as good, but also remember that the UK operating portfolio is like 4% of our total portfolio. We are very well diversified, this has a very strong impact on our end net results, and that’s why you see us grow 3.2% same store last quarter despite being down almost 6% in the UK. 
Scott Brinker: I don’t know Michael, I would say the line is often times a bit blurry, but from a license standpoint independent living facilities cannot have provide a number of services that most the system facilities provide. So the average age is very similar but the resonance look a lot different. So I would not consider them direct competitors they are more often complementary to one another. But on occasion, they may compete a bit. 
Scott Brinker: It was bad in both locations, but it was particularly bad in the UK, so our debt related move outs in the first quarter were 130% above seasonal norms, imagine the enormous number. So that’s why it’s driven the occupancy decline. Move in activity is right in mind with our budget and with history, we continue to have pricing power. It’s not a demand issue. It’s just that people got sick and unfortunately passed away and the stats bear that out. So, we’re confident that things will bounce back. We are already seeing that happen. 
Scott Brinker: No, we are seated directly. The projects we’re funding our balance sheeting that we’re involved with, for example all the Mainstreet properties, probably have exposure at one level or to 100 projects at various levels of construction in the U.S. and the UK. So we have a huge view into what’s happening in the development market place. Costs are up, labor is up, materials are up, that doesn’t mean that no one is going to build, that’s not what we are trying to say. But if it costs 10% more today than it did six months ago, that probably does impact the number of new projects that are put under construction. 
Scott Brinker: Remember Dan, the Regal transaction that we announced 770 million Canadian the Revera will co-invest 25%, they are owned by PSP and they brought us into that deal. So it’s not just CPP this PSP relationship has been really a game changer for us in the last three years and continues to be – it’s tapering us out opportunities as well. 
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Tayo we would definitely try to push pricing a bit. It’s easier in private negotiations than it is in auctions. But that is definitely our thought process right now. 
Scott Brinker: Well it takes a while, so our cost of capital has really increased in the past few months and anyone with certain – how long it would last? Would it get worse or better? I think it’s been long enough now that we’re starting to think cap rates should need to move up a bit, for us to continue to be as aggressive as we have been. 
Tom DeRosa: The same is true in UK, two thirds of our operating income comes from the greater market, which I think is the most favorable supply demand market of any in our entire portfolio. We own very modern assets so there is no question that he will be happy we own these assets over time, they just had a really bad flu season. 
Tom DeRosa: Well, good question, Rich. As you might imagine, lots of plastic surgeons and dermatologists to the stars. 
Tom DeRosa: Rich, the way I’d answer that question is, I would say they -- we first met them over a year ago. It was I believe July of last year, early July, and I would say they have spent may be more time underwriting HCN than they actually spent underwriting this investment opportunity. This is not a one time find a joint venture partner to finance a deal. This is all about HCN being CPP’s partner to enter a new class of real-estate investment for which they prior to last year when we first met them said they never really could get their hands around. So a lot of diligence went into this process, both with respect to HCN as well as the assets. I can tell you, this is an asset portfolio that anyone would invest in.  It is -- the locations are outstanding, and we actually see some upside even in the some of the retail -- first floor retail that’s associated with these assets can over time be upgraded and be more in character with the luxury retailers that are one block away or on the corner. So, it’s -- this is very significant. This announcement is very significant because I think it also says that the most sophisticated real-estate investor in the world is now looking to healthcare real-estate. I think it validates what we do. 
Tom DeRosa: I think – so one of the things that we’ve talked about Rich is that I think – I made in my comments -- I think the outpatient medical infrastructure in the major metro areas in this country is inadequate to meet the needs of driving patient population out of the hospital. So, when you think about the scale of capital that will be needed to address that issue, having a partner like CPP is very important for us. And I will also tell you that, they would consider other investments other than medical office in healthcare. I think -- this we’ll see play out over time but, their decision was more of a broad decision to enter this space with us. 
Tom DeRosa: We’ve agreed not to disclose fees with our partner. I would say that we’re taking advantage of our platform and it improves the return profile for us, but it is still a very attractive way for CPP to enter the space, because it takes a lot of expertise to do what we do. 
Tom DeRosa: They do in Southern California. So it’s limited by time or investment amount, but I would say separate from what’s in the legal contracts we have every intention to substantially grow our partnership with CPP. 
Tom DeRosa: Yeah, PSP is a good precedent, it took us a year of working with them before they chose us as their partner on the Revera portfolio which is a company that they wholly own. That was three years ago, and in the interim three years we’ve now closed on three separate projects with them. We brought them into the Sunrise Management company, we brought them into the [indiscernible] portfolio in the UK and they’ve brought us into the SRG portfolio on the West Coast. So I think it’s evidenced that even when it comes to capital partners, we never just do one portfolio, it’s always establishing a partner and then doing things together. 
Tom DeRosa: The difference is that when we do a triple net senior housing, there is some residual cash flow that benefits the operator. And the triple net lease, the tenant pays a lease or rent amount and keeps all the upside, okay? So if you look at the Revera properties, the unlevered return on cost is around 10%, plus or minus and our return on cost for the triple net assets are more like 8%. And the difference is the payment properties which means that we are underwriting triple net leases for 1.25 or 1.3 plus or minus payment coverage, that’s the difference. 
Tom DeRosa: The triple net leases are pre-leased from our standpoint, but from the tenant standpoint they have to lease the properties. But on day one of triple net leases, we receive the full contractual lease payment. 
Tom DeRosa: Yeah, MOB we generally don’t break around and that’s really 75% pre-leased and you can see in the supplement the average pre-leasing for the current price under construction is currently at 91% pre-leased. 
Tom DeRosa: And what we’re saying is we have understood other sectors of real-estate. In early days, I think in that you are being you are being embraced by people underwriting healthcare real-estate. And the fact is, medical office buildings sitting in the Golden Triangle of Beverly Hills, have better prospects than medical office buildings in Lovett, Texas. Just the way real-estate works, it’s why you like [indiscernible] in Simon malls and you don’t like other mall companies that don’t have those same irreplaceable locations. Let me tell you, these medical office buildings in Beverly Hills or our senior housing assets on Connecticut Avenue in Washington D.C. or on Wilshire Boulevard in Westwood are irreplaceable locations. 
Tom DeRosa: For high quality medical office portfolios today it’s probably in the mid-fives plus or minus, I would say at least in senior housing and post-acute, the REITs are still the dominant funding source for M&A. So our cost of capital has increased a bit in the last few months and I think that will over time, be reflected in cap rates. So may be they will start to move up a bit, that’s certainly the way we are positioning ourselves in discussion to sellers. I don’t know that we have as much pricing power in medical office. That is also a rapid pretty substantial interest from the investment community at large.  So REITs did not constitute the majority of the buyers in that market place so I think we have less ability to influence pricing. But importantly, we approach that space the same way we approach senior housing and post-acute which is doing things off market and that does lead to better pricing. I think you’ll see perhaps some other institutions entering the space, but I also think we may see some of the marginal players – I think we’re already starting to see marginal players that were circling this sector 12 months ago, have flown away a bit. So, I think those may be two factors are in play here in terms of cap rate. But I think there is some recognition that this is a good sector to invest in. 
Tom DeRosa: Well it should be rate growth, given our locations but occupancy today for RIDEA portfolio is around 90%. So again, that’s up 60 basis points from when we last talked, when we met, so it’s moving in the right direction. But by no means, we consider 90% a fully stabilized number, we expect that to increase at least through August, September, October which are really strong months and then probably start to flatten out again in November and December. 
Tom DeRosa: Probably low 90s, 92%-93%, I think is a reasonable number, now that can be higher for certain sub portfolios. A number of our independent living portfolios like Merrill Gardens, SRT or Revera would have higher occupancy just because the turnover is so much lower. But for the higher acuity say like Silverado is hard to maintain 95% occupancy across the portfolio. 
Tom DeRosa: Yeah, I’ll say that the whole interest rate talk creates an overhang, over this factor and particularly over the healthcare REITs. And I think that we need to – I think we need some clarity there in order to kind of the life the lid that has seemed to have appeared over our stock prices. So, that’s my – Scott you got any…
Tom DeRosa: We think that Manhattan needs senior housing assets, it’s a market that we circle in terms of what we own with our operators but we’re not in Manhattan and I think that this is something that is needed in Manhattan. I don’t know a lot of the details of what they bought. It struck me that this is a fairly like all Manhattan real-estate deals feels very complicated. So, it’s something we’ll probably take a closer look at, so we understand what was underwritten here. 
Tom DeRosa: Yeah, I think high fives for classic senior housing is in the right zipcode, if not, a little bit lower. EPAC is a regional provider, they are concentrated entirely in the New England market, primarily Boston. They mostly develop and operate and we bought three of their newly developed properties in towns like Wellesley, so we’re happy to have a new partner as they continue to grow their new development and hopefully we’ll be a big part of that growth. 
Tom DeRosa: We don’t – of our 30 plus operator relationships, there is a handful of it do not have contractual rights, they are handful who have exclusivity but in any of that, we have historically found a way to grow pretty substantially with everyone on the list and I would expect EPAC to be part of that team. Every member they have co-invested in this portfolio, so it’s not like they are just passive third party manager, they are a joint venture partner, with money at the stake. Whether we have a contractual obligation or not, you asked our partners, they would say they see a much broader value proposition in terms of working with us than just money. And that’s what drives that new investment flow to us, versus other sources of capital. 
Tom DeRosa: Yeah, it was down, I believe it was 3.7% in this first quarter and then this second quarter was down 5.7%. 
Tom DeRosa: It’s all based on investments that we will source that fit CPP and PSP’s broader investment parameters. So there’s no specific size or numerical mandate. I think they will believe – they believe in our business platform and how that platform will source very high institutional grade investment opportunities. So, it remains to be see what that will generate over time, but we are very optimistic as they are – that given a number of things that we have in process, that there will be interesting investment opportunities for that to call it best 
Tom DeRosa: We did assume a small amount of debt, Nick three year term at pretty low interest rates, I think it was in the 2.5% range. So attractive debt and not much of it. 
Tom DeRosa: Yeah, the net rents for the medical office sections of the buildings Nick, are in the high 50s and the retail portion of the portfolio is closer to $100 a foot. And they do have escalators, 3% to 4% per year, but we’ve been able to – historical seller now has been able to get much higher escalators upon renewal as I mentioned rate growth over the last decade in this portfolio has been 6% per year on average. 
Tom DeRosa: Nick, we hope it is, but this is something completely outside of our control. So, on the last call we talked about lesson learned and it’s why having a very deep bench on the ground on the UK will help mitigate some of the issues that was old when you have these very much unexpected events that can occur in our business. So, I hope it’s the worst but over time, we just never know. 
Tom DeRosa: The most acute increase we have seen Dan, is in the bigger metros where senior housing and healthcare developers are competing with multi-family, in other real-estate developers for land, for labor and for materials. 
Tom DeRosa: Clearly, it is another horn in the capital water for us. And we think that this is an arrangement that was not readily available to a healthcare REIT historically and we’ve worked hard to bring in two of the most sophisticated investors to help educate them about investing in this sector. So, you should expect that it is one of the ways we will finance the growth of our business in the future. 
Tom DeRosa: Yes, I would say that the institutional investment world and the real-estate looks to the Canadians, I think. I think that CPP and PSP I think go a long way in validating the asset class and certainly go a long way in validating HCN as an industry. We have many discussions with other potential large pension fund types of investors that are getting interested and looking to be educated in investing in this sector, but I think we feel good about that. We’ve aligned ourselves with the Gold standards of that community and I wouldn’t be surprised if you saw some others of similar – caliber get on the HCN team. 
Scott Estes: Reminder Rich, just from a financial perspective, we very much hedge the currency rates, obviously the Canadian dollar spin is late against the US dollar but it’s a reminder really for everybody, 90% of our balance sheet risks is hedged in that 75% of our earnings is hedged. So we are not really in the business of taking any currency risks. 
Scott Estes: But at the same time, John, we’ll be also looking to grow with PSP as well. So there are two major joint venture partners now and they both – the institutions have a good relationship and we’ll be looking for ways to grow with both of them. 
Scott Estes: No, we didn’t provide guidance for the operating portfolio for the second half of the year, Kevin, we just provided sort of reaffirmed the expectations for the whole portfolio into 3% to 3.5% range. 
Scott Estes: Also as the business continues to evolve and mature you’re starting to see differentiation. So, 10 years ago from the standpoint of the outside world, everybody owned the same assets. And the asset in the middle Oklahoma that was 20 years old is viewed the same way as a building in the – or Beverly Hills. And as you know the real estate classes as they mature, I think people start to understand that performance over time and asset quality does matter, does matter where you’re located is the modern physical – invested and importantly in healthcare, do you have the best operating partner. And that’s the piece I don’t think again people fully understand but they are starting to. So now that we are entering this period where may be operations are a bit more challenged, it’s a bit choppy, I think the quality of our real-estate will increasingly standout and differentiate itself. 
Scott Estes: You can see the NOI on the back of the supplement, the effect of this quarter is down only $3 million so that’s about quarter of a penny. 
