John Burkart: Thank you, Shankh. I'll provide some insight into our operating business, starting with the medical office portfolio. In the third quarter same-store NOI growth for our outpatient medical business was 1.4% over the prior year's quarter which was below trends, due to some timing issues on tenant improvements, delaying moving and higher utility expenses. We continue to see strong retention levels at 93% in the quarter and accelerating renewal rates in the marketplace. Turning to our senior housing operating portfolio, the recovery in the sector continues. As Shankh mentioned, revenue in our same-store portfolio came in at 10.8% in the third quarter compared to the prior year's quarter. All three regions showed strong revenue growth starting with Canada 4.4%, the U.S. and UK growing in an impressive 11.6% and 18.9% respectively. Revenue growth for the quarter was driven by a 390 basis point increase in occupancy, and another quarter of healthy pricing power with REVPOR growth of 5.3%. As Shankh mentioned the highest we've witnessed. Sequentially, the portfolio occupancy continued to improve with a gain of 110 basis points during the quarter. While expenses remain a challenge, our operators continue to control expense for or expense per occupied room. The cost for compensation per occupied room only grew at 4.3% in the third quarter over the prior year's quarter. The lowest growth rate since 2019. Expense for grew at a rate of 3.7% in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis, well below our REVPOR growth and 5.3%, driving expansion of 130 basis points on a year-over-year basis in our margins. As our operators have pivoted from the COVID state to normalized operations and as labor and materials have become more available, we have aggressively addressed maintenance that was delayed during COVID. Which resulted in slightly elevated repairs and maintenance during the maintenance expense during the quarter. Overall, the quarter's occupancy gains strong REVPOR an expense controls enable the senior housing operating portfolio to deliver 17.6% year-over-year same-store NOI growth in the period led by the U.S. with over 20% year-over-year growth. While Canada NOI grew at 6.3% and UK was up 9.8%. Going forward, we expect the operating portfolio to continue to deliver outside NOI growth with each geography expected to experience accelerating NOI growth in the fourth quarter. As we look forward to what many believes will be a weaker labor market in 2023, it's important to realize that labor as an expense represents about 60% of our total expenses. Additionally, nurses are only about 5% of the labor force at the communities. And although there are other more specialized positions at the communities, most of the physicians require skills that are transferable from other sectors of the economy, allowing us to benefit from the softer labor market, as Shankh noted. Regarding our operating platform, we continue to quickly move forward on plans to pilot our first module in early 2023 with several other modules in the works. Like all technology rollouts, it's about people, processes, data, and then technology. So it's not about flipping a switch, it takes teamwork. The results will show up over time. Our meetings with our operators have been very productive as we bring together their skills and experience with our own to build a better future for the industry. Finally, I would like to thank our operators and their employees for making these results possible. It's been a full sprint since the beginning of COVID. And they have addressed one challenge after the next. We are finally at a point where it seems like there's light at the end of the tunnel. Occupancy continues to rise, net hiring is occurring month after month. REVPOR continues to outpace expense for which will drive further margin expansion, and so much more. We wish to thank everyone and wish them a wonderful Thanksgiving. And thank you for your hard work. I'll now turn the call over to Tim.
John Burkart: Yes. On your question regarding the flu, I most certainly can't predict the future. But what I can say is that the COVID protocols, I think, will mitigate the situation within our community, they're still in place. I was at one of the properties very recently, and I'm waiting in line to get in, we wash hands, temperature check, wear a mask, et cetera. And I'm going to align with employees any vendor, all of us. That's the protocol. It's a safe, thoughtful protocol. And so my expectation is that, that will have a very positive impact in the communities, how the flu season goes in the U.S. and otherwise, I don't -- I can't predict that. But I do think the COVID protocols will be very positive going forward.
John Burkart: There naturally are different margins starting out. But I think that the endpoint will change. I think what we're doing with the operating platform will change that across the board and because AL has perhaps might say more opportunity, though the impact might be slightly greater there. But I think the whole business is going in the right direction at this point in time. And I think we're benefiting across the board.
John Burkart: Yes. Let me just give you an interesting piece of data. One of our operators that has very high occupancy in the 95% actually had expenses going backwards. And so you see some tremendous margin improvement there. The whole portfolio is going that way. And no doubt that the higher occupancy levels, as Shankh mentioned, was pushing able to push rents to achieve higher rent, which is, again, then driving better margins. But on the expense side, we continue to see opportunities to improve as we go forward and move out of the situation during COVID. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, one of the situations during COVID was there's a challenge to get some maintenance done, get people into the buildings, et cetera, et cetera. So our numbers today even reflect some elevated maintenance expenses, which will be reduced over the coming quarters and again, provide a stronger run rate. So yes, things are going very good. They're going good at all levels. The -- as Shankh mentioned, we have maybe four buckets of assets with different levels of occupancy across the board and at the top occupancy assets. We're achieving fantastic margins as you get down the run, obviously, that's not the case, but we're continuing to improve occupancy and things are all looking forward. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Tim McHugh: Thanks, John. My comments today will focus on our third quarter 2022 results. Performance of our triple net investment segments in the quarter, our capital activity, our balance sheet liquidity update, and finally our outlook for the fourth quarter. Welltower reported third quarter normalized funds from operations of $0.84 per diluted share, representing 6.2% growth over the prior year period when adjusted for HHS funds received and changes in FX rates. Marking our second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth since the start of the pandemic. We also reported our second consecutive quarter positive total portfolio same-store NOI growth, the 7.2% year-over-year growth. Turning to our triple-net lease portfolios. As a reminder, our triple-net lease portfolio coverage and occupancy stats reported a quarter in arrears. So these statistics reflect the trailing 12 months ending 6, 30 2022. In our senior housing triple-net portfolio, same-store NOI increased 1.6% year-over-year, below the low end of our guidance range, which is primarily timing related. Trailing 12-month EBITDA coverage is 0.83 times in the quarter. Next, same-store NOI and our long-term post-acute portfolio grew 3.1% year-over-year, in trailing 12 month EBITDA coverage of 1.31 times. And lastly health systems, which comprise of our joint venture with ProMedica Health System. Had same-store NOI growth of positive 2.75% year-over-year, and trailing 12-month EBITDA and EBITDAR coverages were negative 0.01 and negative 0.6 respectively, as operations continue to be impacted by higher agency utilization costs in the second quarter relative to the prior year. What are these coverage figures in context of our announcement last night, trailing 12-month ProMedica senior care EBITDAN coverage of negative 0.01 implies trailing 12 month EBITDAN of negative $1.6 million relative to $106.68 million of cash rent paid in the trailing 12-month period ending 6, 30 2022? The transition of the skilled nursing business will bring the remaining ProMedica senior care EBITDAN back to profitability with the trailing 12-month coverage of nearly two times relative to the remaining rent and the 58 assisted living facilities they will continue to operate. Thus, the transition to Integra Health has a dual benefit providing us a well-capitalized strategic partner to focus on the skilled nursing properties while also leaving ProMedica senior care a substantially better financial state following the transaction. Turning to the capital market activity. In the quarter we continue to enhance our balance sheet strength by utilizing our ATM program to raise approximately $760 million afford equity an average price of $80.12. We settled 9.1 million shares for total proceeds of at $842 million to fund $1 billion of net investment activity, leaving $1.5 billion of unsettled forward ATM as of 9, 30. Post quarter end, we settled additional ATM proceeds to fund investment activity and pay down $850 million of total debt. $817 million of which was floating rate. Post that pay down, we have the full $4.0 billion available borrowing capacity on our line of credit, and no one secured maturities until 2024. We expect to finish the fourth quarter with consolidated net-debt-to EBITDA below 6.5 times for the first time since 2020. From liquidity perspective, in addition to $4 billion, we pass in line of credit we have $1 billion of cash and forward equity and $580 million remaining near term dispositions and loan pay down proceeds and a 4.6 yield representing $5.6 billion of total near term liquidity. Lastly, moving to our fourth quarter outlook. Last night, we provide an outlook for the fourth quarter of net income attributable to common stockholders, of $0.08 to $0.13 per diluted share, and normalized FFO of $0.80 to $0.85 per diluted share, or $82.5 at the midpoint. As mentioned in the release, our fourth quarter guidance contemplates no HHS funds to be received in the fourth quarter. So after adjusting for $1.5 of non-recurring items, including HHS funds receiving the third quarter were effectively flat for sequential FFO. The sequential change is composed of $0.02 from sequential increases in senior housing operating portfolio and $0.01 from sequential increases in outpatient medical and senior housing triple net. These are offset by $0.03 of interest expense and foreign exchange headwinds. Underlying this FFO guidance, is estimated total portfolio of year-over-year same-store NOI growth of 8.5% to 10.5%. Driven by sub segment growth of outpatient medical, 1.5% to 2.5%. Long-term post Q 2.5% to 3.5%. Senior housing tripled net, 5% to 6%. And finally, senior housing operating growth of 18.5% to 23.5%. Driven by revenue growth of approximately 9.5% year-over-year. Underlying this revenue growth, is expectation approximately 200 basis points of year-over-year occupancy increase and rent growth approximately 7%. And with that, I'll hand the back the call back over to Shankh.
Tim McHugh: Yes, I'll start with the first comment on the margin side. The assumption is we get back to pre-COVID levels. So no assumption on change in margins. We assume we get back to pre COVID level profitability and operating margins of about 30.8% across the portfolio.
Tim McHugh: Yes, Michael, I appreciate recognition that we're trying to help just the ramp or the kind of trajectory of how that cash flow comes through and it depends on the type of development. So we think about our -- where a lot of our starts have been as of late is more in the senior apartments to on the housing side. And there, you're talking about more 12, 18 months type ramp towards stabilization in the traditional senior housing side, it's more of a 24, 36-month ramp. And that's where more of the lower yields negative by able to come in the first 12 months.
Shankh Mitra: Thanks, Tim. One of my mentors, Peter Kaufman often says, life is not about predicting, it's about positioning. Did we predict that ProMedica EBITDA coverage will turn negative? Absolutely not. But we positioned for it and structured as such. Did we know COVID will happen and availability of credit in senior housing sector will weaken? No, but we positioned for it. We own more than 11,000 units of age restricted and age targeted apartments that will benefit from government agency backstop financing at very attractive pricing from which we can generate a couple of billions of dollars of proceeds. Did we predict that our stock will be in the low 60s and we'll lose our access to equity capital? No, we didn't. But we positioned for it and raised $3.28 billion of capital at an average price of $86.55 this year. We have no idea if rates are going back down or going back up and how ugly the capital markets environment might turn before it gets better. We're laser focused on what we can control and have an incredible organization that is rallying to take advantage of the opportunities with how thoughts as opposed to gambler thoughts. I cannot be more excited about the period of unprecedented far share value creation that we are embarking on for our existing owners. And with that, I'll open the call up for questions.
Shankh Mitra: I'll take the pricing power, John, if you take the flu, that's great. So from a pricing part standpoint, Vikram, if you just look at what we said at the beginning of the year, nothing really changed, except if you think about what happens is in the industry, not at least for our portfolio, you've got a lot of renewals in the beginning of the year. And this year, we got very strong pricing, obviously. And given that the gap between where market rent is as well as where your renewal rates are obviously with the rents that are rolling off, there's a gap over a period of the year that sort of comes down, right, that's sort of what happens in the normal year. What we have said this year, given that market rents have been rising at a faster rate than annual rates, first time, honestly, like a decade. So we have seen that gap close down pretty meaningfully, and you're seeing RevPOR increases are actually getting better through the year. You adds on top of that, that we are seeing some early renewals for next year in that sort of, call it, another 10-ish percent range, and we expect that obviously, we'll do similar type of pricing increases as we come to next year, you will see that pricing power will continue to hold up and RevPOR rate increases will continue to hold up. So we're pretty excited about it. But remember, pricing power also comes in many forms and substances, right? So you have occupancy of the portfolio and many parts of the portfolio is getting to a point overall portfolio might still be at 80% occupancy, but there is segments of the portfolio is well above high 80s and 90% occupancy, where it starts to get pretty meaningful pricing power because you have no innings to sell anymore, right? So as we get into that environment more and more, I believe that you will see sustainable pricing power. I have no crystal ball on exactly what the macroeconomic environment would be next year. But as we sit here today, we feel very good about pricing.
Shankh Mitra: Good morning, Derek. I think I laid out pretty clearly what our possible capital deployment opportunities look like, buying back shares is one of them. And frankly speaking, as you know how we think, we are unlevered IRR buyers. And we look at everything from that lens or you can look at from the basis lens, and you will see that we find our stock to be very, very attractively priced, and we'll measure that against every other opportunities we have.  I cannot predict on timing. That's just not -- we just don't do that, as you know. But we know -- you know how we think. We think through a lens basis to replacement cost, and we think through an eye of total unlevered IRR. And if you do those calculations, you will come to the perhaps the same conclusion that we have come through.
Shankh Mitra: John, you didn't ask for my opinion, my $0.02 on this topic is that you will see more improvement in AL than IL, but you'll see improvement in both. But you asked the right person, that question.
Shankh Mitra: I'm not sure I completely followed that question, but do you think -- I think you asked about the moving trends in the senior’s apartment business, if I heard that correctly, I will tell you that – go ahead, Wendy.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. Okay. So I think I understand the question. So look, I mean, if you think about from a product-type perspective, as I mentioned, that the assisted living is going through probably the most robust recovery perhaps for nothing other than the fact that it is the most need-based environment. It's more susceptible, least susceptible to in the macroeconomic environment. When you need it, you need the product when you need it. And obviously, it also fail farther. So we have more rooms to climb back up. So that's why we're seeing the most sort of robust recovery. As I mentioned, the NOI growth in that sector for the quarter was 25-plus percent, right? So that's sort of -- let's just then talk about the senior’s apartment business. That business has been as good of a business as any business I've seen has been very strong. Through COVID, it's been very, very strong. Through times, I mean our portfolio is at 95-plus percent occupancy. As you know, we operate in the mid-market portion of that business, which is very dependent on social security and everything else. And you've got a massive cola increase next year, which we also think will be very beneficial for the pricing power increase in that business next year. Independent living, obviously, independent living did not fall as far as assisted living, and it's coming back more slowly. But that is a -- I personally think that's a good business when you combine that with other property types. And I think, obviously, Canada, which is our majority of our independent living exposure, has been so hard to recover, but as John noted, that we are starting to see improvement there.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So Dan, we haven't seen lenders are foreclosing on medical office loans yet. But my comment was if you -- it's just called the convexity of the situation, right, when you have very, very low rates, and people buying cap rates that are in that environment makes sense and then treasury card moves 200, 300 basis points. The treasury cards sitting on top of or above the cap rates that you are paid that's a prior upside down convexity situation, and that's the comment I was making, it takes time for lenders to foreclose, it takes time.  But we are starting to see some meaningful increase in the cap rates there, which is interesting. We're not yet to talk about whether we are going to look at that and execute on that yet. We have lots of opportunities that we see on a relative basis. We talked about, obviously, senior housing is one of those. Nothing changed. I'm specifically pointed out in MOBs because that has changed. Senior housing as an opportunity was there for last 18 months and when executing on it, nothing changed there, right, and continues to be super attractive. On top of that, to the earlier question Derek asked, our stock isn't really attractive.  So we look at every opportunity and think about what's the unlevered IRR on a risk-adjusted basis and what's the sort of execution risk as well as obviously the frictional cost that comes with the execution risk. But is the way finally first time in years has become interesting. And yes, but it's interesting at a price. And that price is likely a lot lower than most what you think.
Shankh Mitra: The reserves are earmarked for the operating losses, working capital losses and that reserve will go to them to improve the quality of the portfolio. So if they do a good job and don't need all -- that's good for them. So they share the risk and they get the benefit of their savings there.
Shankh Mitra: Tayo, extraordinarily good question, and thank you for your comment there. I'll just add one thing to that not only the rent is going up also the previous tenant being close to $0.5 million on the table. To make sure that these properties are taking care of going forward. So we think our partner for that. So I'll just add to the question of why we didn't go and find the offers. Our mantra is to get close to the operators, but that's in the senior housing business. I fundamentally believe in the expertise, and we have worked with Integra and its parent company on many of these transactions before. There's no caution that they are significantly better in the skilled nursing business than we are aware and will ever be. So we are sharing and for creating that value, I've mentioned in my script that we're seeing very significant upside that they can create with them. And return, they're providing us the downside protection, which is very important for us. So you think about it, you got to do in life, what you are best at. Think about from an op standpoint, we think we understand operations of senior living, the wellness housing business as well as MOB business. And we want to partner with people who we fundamentally believe on the other hand, are very good in other businesses, and that's what you're saying. Fundamentally, it is sort of going through the decision-making is going to the people who are the best at what they are good at. At the same time, it sort of cut the risk reward in terms of who creates value. It's just as simple as that. As I've said before, you can see the value still remains at very attractive basis, what you can get to.  You know the total rent, you know what market sort of rent sort of constant of significant business is, and you can divide it to a value and you will see that value is still extraordinarily attractive and thus, the rent is extraordinarily attractive and remains below market. So there will be hopefully a lot of upside as the regional operators bring this portfolio back to his previous Glory, which we actually -- this is not a guess. We have -- we kill how many assets we have transacted, Medicare assets we’re transacted with Integra and its parent. About 21, 21 assets. We have seen them doing it. And we are going on an execution path that we have seen in the last couple of years. So fully, there's a lot of value to be created for residents, for employees, for capital, and that will be shared between the two parties. But it is fundamentally the belief of they're giving us the downside protection for which they should enjoy very significant upside that they create -- on the other hand, for us, it's all about where we sit in the risk spectrum.  So it's a win-win-win for all three parties. ProMedica wants to focus on its core business, and wants to be in the higher margin business and that's the leadership that they are taking that forward. There's a very significant improvement in their credit. For Welltower, it's obviously a great day for some value realization as well as, obviously, taking this portfolio to the hands where we can create another round of very significant up step of values. For Integra, they can ping it at a very attractive basis. And obviously, they're creating the value that they will share the upside with us. So it's a win-win-win on all fronts.
Shankh Mitra: Very good question. The escalators remain the same, 2.75%. And the GAAP impact, as we mentioned, will be roughly neutral to slightly accretive. One of the leases are remaining the same lease ManorCare, the Aramco senior living lease is going to 10 years. So you have a negative GAAP impact there. So net-net, you will be roughly neutral to slightly attractive.
Shankh Mitra: So look, it is no secret that we have been thinking about in the industry that we have been thinking about this particular portfolio for a long time. We have been approached by at least five parties who are interested in being this transaction similar or higher value similar or higher structures. We went with a partner that we know very well, where we felt the execution risk is much lower. But I think if you have heard that you have correctly heard that we have been approached by many groups because these assets are not only very attractive assets, they have very good history, but also the basis remains very, very attractive. Going back to 2016, '17, I think your question was to exit the SNF business. I -- we are very clearly laid out two years ago when I took over as CEO we have a very simple strategy that we want to make money on a risk-adjusted basis on a partial basis for our existing shareholders. That's the strategy, and it's a very simple strategy whether it's skilled nursing, whether it's medical office or the senior apartments, whether it's senior housing, what is debt to equity, value-add development, opportunistic will go anywhere we can find opportunities to make money on a partial basis for existing shareholders. That's a simple strategy.
Shankh Mitra: One extraordinarily good question. As you know, we get really excited about basis and were USD, we raised capital in USD, our expenses are mostly in USD, capital structures and USD. And we think about basis in terms of USD. And as you can figure out, U.K. on a U.S. dollar basis has never looked more attractive and Canada also looks pretty attractive. But U.K. particularly given what happens to the currency situation, it's extraordinarily attractive. If you add on top of that, that you don't have a super functioning debt market in U.K., like you have the agency support in U.S. and Canada. It's a very, very interesting market. I have never seen U.K. opportunities as cheap as it looks today from the U.S. dollar investor. And that probably perhaps goes for any asset class, anything even for shoppers. So you're picking up the right thing, we're absolutely thinking about it.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So our basis remains the same, and you can do the calculation on -- again, you have the total rent. You know what the give or take yield is in the business. And you can get to the total value, rent divided by the yield give will get you the value. You can divide that by the total number of beds, and you will see Integra basis are also very attractive. So our basis remains attractive. Remember, what we sold to Integra is what we got for ProMedica for nothing. So it's important for you to understand the nuances of what's happening here. So our basis remains very attractive. Obviously, we got the support for the operator who is living and living, as I mentioned, living close to $0.5 billion on the table. We created another structure where that 15%, which Integra is paying for remains subordinated that further lowers our net basis, which is the first time when you remember, I talked about that, that condition remains, we have obviously other guarantees in place, as I said. And if that's not the case, remains -- remember, in the last question, I said that people want these assets because they're very well-located assets, and a very good location and the very attractive basis. So we don't see, as I said, look, anything can happen, Rich. But as I've mentioned before, four years ago on this topic, that low basis, well-located assets that have demand that's held in low-level structure, it's hard to see how we lose money. Anything can happen, anything is possible. But if you think about we have to leave within the realms of probabilities, not possibilities, it looks pretty good to me.
Shankh Mitra: Nick, first, congratulations for getting the top job. We have been a big fan of yours for a long time, and obviously, thank you for your question on the call today. So look, I've mentioned very, very clearly that we do not consider ourselves a skilled nursing expert. If we did, then we would not bring in our partners in this deal, who we consider knows the business better than we do. So I will leave that to our partner to execute the strategy, which we have mentioned, as Nikhil just mentioned, that we have done just from these portfolio 21 assets before, we'll leave it to them to maximize where, in this case, is this sort of a structural protection is what we are after, not maximizing value through operators. That's what they're bringing to the people in this case, and we remain focused on our core businesses, where -- whether it's senior living, whether it's well in housing or medical office, and that's what John is spending all this time.
Shankh Mitra: As Tim mentioned, those assets actually a decent amount of profitability for them. And ProMedica, that is part of ProMedica strategic, obviously, planned, and those are, as you know, high margin businesses, and they have been even before COVID and we expect they will continue to come back to -- remember, where pre COVID assets on mid-80 to person occupancy was generating high 30% margin. So I expect as you sort of come back from the COVID and get that occupancy stabilize. Frankly speaking, I will venture a guess that will be the best sort of margin part from all of ProMedica's businesses.  So look, I mean, that's where we stand today, and there's no reason to believe that those assets will not. As you can see, as part of this recovery from these occupancy levels in the business, margins are coming back. I'm not happy with where margins are today, and we're seeing obviously a lot of signs of improvement that we discussed. But the margin of this business should come back to a much higher level, and ProMedica should enjoy that like everybody else in the business.
