Scott A. Estes: Juan, I believe we do look at all of those. Our general targets are 40% debt-to-undepreciated-book-capitalization, net debt-to-EBITDA of 6x or below; interest coverage and fixed charge coverage consistent with where we're at today, we're happy with that. And as a reminder to everyone, we were pleased with the ratings upgrade we received in the third quarter, the BBB flat across-the-board, so we're always trying to balance the appropriate combination of debt and equity. I believe, as I detailed in my prepared remarks, we have some nice flexibility with about $1.6 billion of pro forma availability heading into year-end. But as always, we look at the debt and equity markets and again, try to raise money when we can, proactively, and do it around attractive, accretive acquisitions.
Scott A. Estes: One other thing, Jeff, this is Scott Estes, that I would add is the -- one pleasant surprise has been the great rate growth in Medicaid, as well Medicare, relative to their budgets. So that I think bodes well, looking into -- over the next fiscal year. I think Medicaid rates at their facilities are actually up in excess of 3% and Medicare is up a little bit over 1%. So those are some other positive factors.
Scott A. Estes: The only thing I would add to it, Todd, Scott Estes, is the NOI growth projection is about 1% to 2% for the year. And I'm in agreement with everything Scott said to his point. Only 5% of the portfolio is rolling specifically in 2014, so a really low number. And occupancy was down only slightly, 20 to 30 basis points, in the quarter but it's still, I think, the industry leading at 94.1%. And the commentary on that were it was just a handful of different smaller tenants that didn't renew, reasons like retirement and practice breakups that the guys expect the occupancy to be back up in the fourth quarter.
Scott M. Brinker: Juan, this is Scott. The acquisition marketplace is very active and there's a lot of opportunity. The issue for us is a couple of things. One, is being patient, so that we're paying prices that allow us to make money day 1 and over time. So there's no question in our mind that health care REITs, over time, will end up as much bigger companies than they are today, but we have to be patient and not pay prices that don't make sense. So that's point #1. Point #2 is that we really differentiate ourselves on the number of investments, whether it's acquisition or development, that we're are able to source through our existing clients. And that is a source of accretive deal flow for us that has been very meaningful over the past 5 years. We now have a stable of operators. Seniors housing, medical office space, skilled nursing, they come to us with their opportunities to grow in their existing markets or to put up new supply where they see a need. And I think you'll see us focus on those existing clients going forward and selectively adding new ones to our portfolio.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, we wait -- this is Scott Brinker speaking. We wait 15 months to bring assets into the same-store pool just because we didn't own these assets 12 months ago. So over the next 6 months, we'll add the Sunrise portfolio in the first quarter, the remainder of the Belmont Village assets in the first quarter, as well as Benchmark -- I'm sorry, Brookdale, in the first quarter and then, in the second quarter of next year, we'll add Revera. Overall, each of those 4 is performing at or ahead of expectations. Results are strong in all 3 countries that we invest in: U.S., U.K. and Canada. At Sunrise, in particular, is on track to meet the 6.5% initial yield that we've talked for the second half of this year.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, we're going through our budget for 2014 right now, so we'll have better information to share the next time we talk. But, in general, those are high-growth portfolios, so we're not expecting the addition of those portfolios to negatively impact the performance of the same-store pool.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, it was in the mid- to high-single digits, so it's performing in line with our expectations. Occupancy across the portfolio is trending in the right direction. The rate growth continues to be substantially above any benchmarks that we can find and expense growth is in the range of 3%.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, Nick, we tried to, in the prepared remarks, cut through some of the clutter that could be seen in the supplement where we show NOI by MSA and really focus at the community level. Because, ultimately, supply and demand is very much a local business. So we looked at the new construction in each of our 700 local market communities around the U.S., U.K. and Canada, and evaluated new supply. And we found that 58 of our 700 buildings do have new construction entering their primary market area. But we were able to determine that more than half of those, 35, are either in the triple net master lease or the new supplies a different service type than we provide. For example, independent living is the new supply, while our building might provide memory care services. And that left just 23 facilities in our entire portfolio, where there's new supply entering the primary market area. And that's -- those assets represent less than 3% of our total income.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. That's right, Nic. So we looked at the local market for all of our properties that tends to be around 3 miles, given the metro locations of these buildings. So something that, say, in Houston, was 10 or 15 miles away, we would not count that as something that is competitive.
Scott M. Brinker: In most cases, it's either both or neither. We included all 23. The reality is, in a number of cases, there's either a much different acuity level being provided. For example, the Silverado community often receives most of its referrals from other memory care communities, or a different price point. So we could further narrow the 23 down in terms of what's truly competitive, but we've chosen to try to present just a conservative assessment of new supply in the markets.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, it's really -- the spread that I'm referring to, Manny [ph], is the -- our cost of capital against the yields that we can invest at. So over the past 3 years, there's been a pretty meaningful positive spread on investment. And over the past year, our cost of capital is about the same and cap rates have declined. So the arbitrage from our cost of capital against private market cap rates is just narrower than it used to be, so we're being cautious about where we invest our money.
Scott M. Brinker: Well, right now, cap rates are being depressed in large part by the private REITs who have a mandate to invest huge sums of money as quickly as they can. So there is a source of capital in the marketplace right now that isn't always present and, at some point in the future, probably won't be present. And at that point, we would expect that spread on investment to be more positive than it is today. And I think you'll see us more aggressive if that's the case.
Scott M. Brinker: Jeff, it's Scott. I don't know the exact percentage, but we picked 3 miles because that tends to line up pretty well with where residents actually come from for these communities. You're clearly going to get some residents from outside of that primary market, but just keep in mind that, for the most part, our communities are located in top 31 MSAs or coastal markets, so they tend to be pretty dense populations. So 3 miles to us seem like a pretty reasonable estimate of what would represent a primary market area.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. Of the 122 communities in the same-store pool, 5 of them are still in lease-up, with occupancy in the low-70s, and the stable portfolio is right around 90%. So for the most part, when you look at the same-store portfolio, you are seeing the stable portfolio, there just aren't that many lease-up assets. And last quarter, the stable portfolio actually had a slightly better performance than the lease-up portfolio in terms of NOI growth.
Scott M. Brinker: Jeff, it's Scott again. It's definitely a challenging environment. Genesis is performing better than most skilled nursing providers, so our payment coverages have held up for the most part. The sequester, for sure, had a negative impact and the level of hospital admissions has had a negative impact on their Medicare mix as well. So I think that's -- those are the reasons for the trends that you're seeing. We do think, over time, that picks up. But clearly, there are some challenges in the operating environment that are going to make it difficult to meet sort of those original expectations.
Scott M. Brinker: It was. This is Scott Brinker, speaking again. We have a long relationship with Vibra. Our business model is to identify and then provide capital to the premier providers in each segment. And although the LTAC space is not one that we have a lot of exposure to, it's less than 2% of our NOI, we do have an existing relationship with Vibra that's been very successful. They've proven to be premier operators for stabilized properties, as well as turnarounds. So we were able to buy 5 -- I'll call them post-acute facilities because they really are a combination LTACs and skilled nursing; good geographic overlapped with Vibra's existing portfolio; 2x payment coverage; the initial lease rate of nearly 10%; and best news use of all, we added all 5 of those buildings to the Vibra master lease, which already had 15 buildings with to 2-plus-times payment coverage after management fee. And then, in addition to that, we have 5 standalone leases, all LTACs, primarily holdovers from the Windrose portfolio 7 or 8 years ago that were in, again, individual leases with near-term maturity dates. We were able to add all of those 5 standalone leases into the Vibra master lease, which provides significantly enhanced security, extended the maturity date by 11 years and substantially increased both the base rent, as well as the increaser. So it was a acquisition that allowed us to support a long-time customer and also to make, we think, a pretty strong return for our shareholders.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, the big thing is the quality of Vibra's operations. A number of things have been talked about for changes in LTAC reimbursement, whether it's patient criteria or 25% rule, we sort of looked at all of those possibilities. And we think the potential impact on Vibra is very small and the impact on us is completely negligible, given the strong payment coverage. Just as an example, if they implemented the 25% rule tomorrow, and Vibra didn't make a single change to their operations, the impact on payment coverage would be about 3 basis points, 3. And our payment coverage is well above 2x after management fee. Second is patient criteria. And we agreed that LTAC should be caring for appropriate patients, if somebody can be cared for in a skilled nursing facility, that's where they should go. Now there is case mix index, in comparison to national average it's substantially higher, which means that they're already caring for the types of complex patients that CMS wants them to care for. So these aren't -- Vibra's not treating nursing home-type patients, they are providing value to the health care system, even with patient criteria, we think they would perform extremely well.
Scott M. Brinker: Well, it tends to be 1 new competitor for each of those 23. I can't think of any markets off hand where there are multiple new competitors.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. It varies. An important distinction and it's -- so I'm glad you asked the question. Our buildings are not located in rural markets. When you're in a rural market and a new competitors opens, you can be doubling the amount of supply. And there just isn't that much demand in those rural areas. So we've strategically focused on big metro markets with dense population and a lot of affluence. So even when there is a new competitor and there might be of 5% or 10% increase in the total supply, and there might be a temporary decline in occupancy or rental rates, but, over time, those are the types of markets that can support new supply. And that's why we pick them and, more importantly, why we've acquired modern purpose-built assets, that we think will stand the test of time and operated by what we think are the premier operators in the sector. It's -- in senior housing, it's a combination of you need good real estate and you need good operations, and it's both, it's not either or.
Scott M. Brinker: It takes -- so NIC tracks everything that's under construction. And then in Canada and the U.K., we just, with our partners, have identified all of the new supply. The typical project would take between 15 to 18 months from start to finish, and there will be some outliers, but that would be a good average.
Scott M. Brinker: It's pretty broad-based. One thing that we've noticed after 3 years of operating investments is that it's paid off to have a diversified group of operators. So from quarter-to-quarter, one may do a little bit better, one may do a little bit worse. But on average, we've been able to generate extremely attractive growth in the neighborhood of 8%, on average. And it's been remarkably consistent from quarter-to-quarter.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, it's -- Rob, this is Scott Brinker. It was a hospital in Texas that we just chose to be conservative in how we were recognizing or not recognizing income. And as it turns out, we were able to sell it for a small gain. So, I guess, we could have been more aggressive about recognizing income, but we just, year-to-date, had chosen not to recognize any income on that investment.
Scott M. Brinker: Well, we're feeling the pressure too, Rob. Yes. It's a -- the performance has just wildly exceeded our expectations. So we guided people to 4% to 5% annual growth in that portfolio and it's done consistently 8%-plus. We don't think that continues forever, but we are confident that it will continue to provide growth that's well in excess of inflation and well in excess of what we could get under the triple net lease. So whether that's next year or 2015, I'm not sure, but we don't think 8% will last forever, but we are very confident that we'll continue to produce growth that beats inflation and the triple net lease.
Scott M. Brinker: No, the additions next year: Revera, Sunrise, Brookdale, I think all of those are either accretive or breakeven to the growth rate of the portfolio.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, the -- this is Scott Brinker speaking, Todd. The renewals -- the terms have been longer than what we have budgeted, 6-plus years, without a whole lot of CapEx or tenant improvements that were necessary. So from that perspective, the activity on renewals has exceeded our expectations. On average, for the portfolio, our maturity date is about 8 years. And an important characteristic for our portfolio is that there is very little turnover, especially for the next 3 years. Less than 20% of our leases in total, over the next 3 years, rollover. So we feel like this is really a steady, predictable, stable base for our portfolio.
Scott M. Brinker: Rents for the whole portfolio this year were up about 1%, 1.5%. So it's not a high-growth sector, but, again, we feel it's a nice predictable, stable base.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. Todd, it's in Boynton Beach, Florida. It is sponsored by the Bethesda Health System, one of dominant providers in that market area. They take the vast of the space. A big building, very much focused on out-patient care, so it has all the characteristics that we look for in a medical office building.
Scott M. Brinker: This is Scott Brinker speaking. We entered Canada and the U.K. over the past 18 months and really that's an extension of what we're doing in the U.S. So our investments are focused on modern, purpose-built, private pay senior housing assets. In Canada, we have nearly $1.5 billion invested, with the 2 leading providers in that country, Chartwell and Revera. Our assets are located primarily in the top 5 metropolitan markets. It's really an independent living facility portfolio, there's not much health care provided. And to date, their performance has been terrific. We've received an initial yield on that investment well above 7% in total between Revera and Chartwell. So we feel like for a high-quality independent living private pay portfolio, the returns are very attractive versus what you would get in the U.S., with an attractive growth profile as well, that we think is accretive to, say, the overall at 3.7% that we reported this year. And then in the U.K., we have, again, over USD 1.5 billion invested to private pay seniors housing, primarily with Sunrise in Metro London. These are really the cream of the crop in terms of assets, all private pay. There is some lease-up potential as well, because the assets are so new. So again, attractive yield that we think is superior to what we could get in the U.S. for comparable assets and an attractive growth profile as well.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes, these particular portfolios we think, again, are accretive to even the 3.7% same-store growth that we reported this quarter.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. Well they are major components of that, Chartwell in particular. So they are growing in line with that rate.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. This is Scott again. The new supply in Canada and U.K. is not as well-defined as it is in the U.S. And I see database has been, I think, helpful for everybody to track new supply in the U.S. and that was the basis of our analysis. But we did look at Canada and the U.K. as part of the initial underwriting and then, on a quarterly basis, from an asset management standpoint, to assess new supply and we included both the U.K. and Canada in the numbers that I've provided in the prepared remarks.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. I think that's the real question. So we've been purposeful in acquiring the top-quality buildings in markets that are, at least relative to other areas of those countries, affluent and densely populated. So we're doing our best to take markets and buildings that will stand up better than the others. But clearly, at some level, senior housing is impacted by what's happening in the economy. So we can't predict that, we're just doing the best we can to be well-positioned, to outperform.
George L. Chapman: No. In response to your question at our Investor Day, I indicated that I was going to enter into a new 3-year contract, essentially, and what happens after that, will perhaps be driven more by the marketplace and what necessarily capabilities we have at that point.
George L. Chapman: Chapman. I think that we're going to be studying -- continuing to study international markets. We've already identified certain other markets in Europe and elsewhere that are possible, but we're going to do a very exhaustive study on that before we commit and before we give any more information to The Street. But we do think that we have the opportunity to be the largest and highest-quality investor in real estate around the globe.
George L. Chapman: We have studied a few others, but we're not prepared at this point to indicate a certain direction, Tayo.
George L. Chapman: Well, I think we thought the U.K. and Canada were very attractive for a lot of reasons, including similar cultures and backgrounds. So at this point, we're not prepared to suggest other markets, but we do think, over time, that there are some common themes that are arising all over the globe, and that would be that, in fact, there is a movement in many countries toward private pay and for getting the government out of certain activities, given the cost and the burdens on government. But at this point, we're not prepared to talk about any individual countries.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. And -- but -- I mean, as far as your 2013 results so far, I mean, how is the overall senior housing portfolio tracking? Is it below -- is it at 7%, which is where the same-store is? Or is it below that? It's just -- as we're thinking about how to figure out where the kind of true growth is of this segment, it'd be helpful to have some more statistics for the non-same-store.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Maybe just another way to ask on this is, is -- I mean, what is -- I mean now that you've had maybe not quite a year but -- and you've had a decent amount of the Sunrise under your ownership. I mean, how has that portfolio been? When you talk about the 6.5% yield going forward, what was the original sort of growth expectation for that portfolio when you underwrote it? So that we can have a feel for -- in 1 year, how much NOI has been growing there.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on that. I mean, are you saying then that when you look -- first of all, when you're looking -- I mean, this is the MSA breakdowns that if we're looking at, NIC map data, that it's the same MSA breakdowns? And then when you're looking, you're saying, at a specific property level, I mean, are you saying that using a certain mile radius ring or, I mean, are you -- if there's a lot of supply going into Houston, but it's on -- if it's 10 miles away from your properties, is that getting excluded by you guys? It's not being impactful? Or -- anything more on that will be helpful.
