George Chapman: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning. During the last five years, we have grown our platform by $20 billion of high quality investments, while at the same time disposing of $2 billion of non-core assets. And from our standpoint both are critical to growing a sector leading quality portfolio. And we also believe that these investment results have confirmed our strong leadership position in the healthcare REIT sector. As I reflect on what we accomplished last year and the opportunities in the senior housing and healthcare sector moving into 2014 and beyond, a few important themes emerge. First, our team and our operators continue to execute very effectively. Our 2013 investment volume of $5.7 billion including an additional $400 million of gross investments in the fourth quarter, attest to the fact that we build relationships and structure deals that create value. Our operating partners continue to deliver on their growth plans and our property management groups delivers best-in-class service while keeping our outpatient care facilities at industry-leading occupancies with solid rent growth. And as our announcement last week of the Sunrise recap demonstrates our excellent working relationships with our current partners, has allowed us to transition to a long-term capital arrangement with a outstanding Revera team, another trusted partner. As most of you know, Revera is wholly owned by PSP, the second largest pension fund in Canada. And based on the strength of this arrangement, Sunrise is and will continue to be one of the foremost international senior housing operators. Briefly on the capital side. Our U.K. debt offering and other capital markets activities in 2013 underscore our disciplined management, both of our balance sheet and enterprise risk, and we are executing effectively on all fronts. Second, expect us to exploit market opportunities in order to improve both the stability and growth of our earnings. There is a tendency by many industry observers to view trends in static terms. That is to say, trends are analyzed without considering the fact that we and other market participants will both shape and respond creatively to these trends. We view trends in dynamic terms, so we will always be active in addressing both the opportunities and the challenges many of you have identified. Let me give you an example of what I mean. We are a first mover in the vibrant and growing U.K. and Canadian markets because we saw markets that needed capital and were in transition. Our move into these markets was an extension of our relationship partner approach, and has diversified and enhanced our growth. It has also proven to be a significant advantage for us in terms of winning new opportunities going forward. Third, we continue to redefine the healthcare REIT space and accelerate its acceptance as a core property class. I should add that with the addition of Tim Naughton to our board, we look forward to exchanging ideas and processes from the multifamily and senior housing sectors to the benefit of each. Our team is doing a great work with regard to data collection and analysis. That will continue to increase the depth and breadth of the information we provide to the investor community. Our operators are seeing this capability in numerous ways, including, state-of-the-art benchmarking work we are doing with respect to operating metrics. We will also be rolling out our new website later this month which will have some features that we think the investor community will embrace. And of course, we maintain our active leadership role in a wide range of industry association initiatives. We are indeed immersed in this sector. You will continue to hear us discuss the resiliency and growth of our platform. The two are not mutually exclusive. Our portfolio architecture is designed for both which believe is a differentiator for a healthcare REIT. We all know that the dominant demographic reality of the industrialized world is the aging population. Furthermore, every care provider will increasingly need to participate in the integrated care delivery model. With our immersion in healthcare, we are uniquely and positively positioned to ride that wave. I will now turn the call over to Scott Brinker, who will give you additional perspective on the resiliency and growth of our platform over the past quarter and for the year.
George Chapman: Let me start, Rich, it's Chapman. A couple of things strike me. One, in the earlier period, a major part of the problem frankly related to Wall Street supporting a number of companies. And in order to make the numbers work, frankly, operators that became public were pushed to frankly overdevelop. And I think that's changed considerably. The other thing that happened earlier when senior housing was sort of new, was that folks did not focus enough on just how important the service component was and the care component was. So it's not for everybody, and that should mean that a lot of developers stay out. I think, finally, as you're looking down the road quite a bit, the actual demand component in five years, probably more like ten as you look at the average age today, goes up as well. So I think there is a lot to protect us from that same kind of a problem. I don't know if any of my colleagues want to add anything.
George Chapman: Rich, I'll start again and let Scott Brinker take over. But each of KKR and Beecken Petty, and Dan Decker have been in senior housing for quite a while. And KKR specifically, as you mentioned, is a major investor in another senior housing company and is looking for more. So, I think it is more just the timing that is so important here of when we reposition the company from shorter term horizon lenders to a longer term perspective that is represented by Health Care REIT and Revera backed by PSP.
George Chapman: Let me respond to that. We had hoped to grow that part of our portfolio because it was directly linked to health systems, especially academic health systems, and to date we have not had much luck in doing that. So, we'd like to either grow it or at some point it might be available for sale. So we continue to evaluate that as we've said in some previous calls.
George Chapman: The folks that we're talking about who were doing PE work there or doing mezz or other types of financing for construction, are doing that at the behest of our very strong operators and then it is flipped to us. So it is the operator really making the call on when to proceed with development and where. So, we don't think it is at all comparable to, at least within our portfolio, to what happened previously. Assuredly, there will be some folks, some people that come in to develop because, frankly, senior housing has become a core property type. But we don't see it at the same extent as the previous time.
George Chapman: We would certainly look at Boston. I'm not going to really comment on another REIT's purchase. It's just, it doesn't work. But certainly what we wanted to see develop over time was a drive into urban areas with direct linkages to some of the better academic health systems in the country. And to date, in part because of pricing, we've not been able to achieve that.
George Chapman: I think that our team has great relationships. And we thought this would be a great partnership with Revera and PSP and we plan to do, hopefully, more business with PSP in particular. I think they're going to be a great partner, even perhaps internationally over time. So, yes, I think that our relationship approach helps. And our whole team helped to bring the, perhaps the most appropriate partner to the table for this transaction. Clearly, we view that as a company strength.
Scott Brinker: Nick, this is Scott Brinker. By the end of the year, all 327 plus or minus, will be in the same store pool. Most of them come in in the first quarter. That includes Sunrise, Brookdale and a number of Belmont Village communities. And then in the third quarter we'll bring in the 47 Revera communities.
Scott Brinker: No. There isn't a material difference in the portfolio quality or the growth characteristics of last year's same store pool versus what will be in the same store pool this year. So, we're still confident about the growth prospects for that portfolio. The guidance is 5%, hopefully we'll beat it.
Scott Brinker: Sure, Nick. It's still Scott speaking. Revenue growth is roughly 4% in the budget and that's consistent with what we achieved in 2013 and then operating expenses are expected to increase in the 3% to 3.5% range, which again is consistent with what we've experienced recently.
Scott Brinker: Yes. That's exactly what happened, Nick. We've been tracking that for the last three or four years. And the average rate growth in our portfolio has been in the 4% range per year. That compares to the NIC averages in the 1.5% to 2% range. So we think it's a couple of things. One is the quality of the buildings and locations, and most importantly is probably the quality of the operating partners. Because senior housing is unique and that it's very much dependent upon the quality of the real estate, but even more so on the quality of the operating partner and we've been very careful about which operating partners we've put into that operating or RIDEA portfolio.
Scott Brinker: Well, it's a little bit of both. But we try not to get too specific about whether it's occupancy or rate because you may trade some of that off one against the other over the course of the year. So, we're relatively indifferent between the two. Ultimately, we're trying to grow NOI over the long-term and provide great value to the customers so that they're willing to pay the rate.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Rich, it's Scott. I'd also add that there is a long list of private equity and pension funds that are pouring money into the space right now and aggressively chasing acquisitions and new development. So, this is, in our minds, one of the few PE firms exiting an investment as opposed to looking for more. And from everything we know, KKR, they are happy about their investment in Sunrise and are actively looking to do other things in the sector. They have a pretty big investment with a private REIT called Sentio and are actively looking to do other things. So this is not an exit from the business by any means.
Scott Brinker: So I can take this, Scott Brinker. Mannie, it's always hard to predict the exact timing, I think that's the biggest issue. It is very much a partnership approach. So we're ready to buy when they're ready to sell, and we think that some of that will happen in 2014, some of it will happen in 2015 and maybe some after that. So we have an identifiable pipeline of acquisitions. I think that's unique. Our existing partners by our count, own or control more than $20 billion of real estate that we don't own yet, that at some point I think we could. But whether that happens over one, two or five years is very difficult to predict.
Scott Brinker: That seems to change quickly. But if you look at just the trailing reasonable period of time, it seems to be in the low-6s as today's cost of capital. And then importantly, we know that equity shareholders are looking for growth in the dividend, so we try to find investments that are going to provide that 3% plus, hopefully 4% and 5%, annual growth rate to the equity shareholders. So, low-6s and targeting IRRs in the high single-digits.
Scott Brinker: Yes, in 2013, census was a bit down. That was true across the sector. Genesis had very nice rate growth and controlled expenses well and I would expect really a continuation of that trend in 2014. So we're not expecting massive increases in occupancy and low single-digit increases in Medicaid and Medicare rates, and expense growth in the 3% to 3.5% range.
Scott Brinker: Yes. I think that's right. Our increases are just below 3.5% each year and the roughly growing NOI at the same rate. So that ultimately leads to the flat payment coverage.
Scott Brinker: Yes. Nothing to read into it. We're reporting our fourth quarter results here. That tends to be a pretty slow quarter for senior housing, just because of the weather in particular. So this isn't unusual at all. In our minds, we see occupancy to be a little bit down and hopefully it starts to pick up in the second and third quarter in particular.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Jeff, from our standpoint, we're really just rolling over our investment, and PSP as a private company has asked not to talk about purchase price. That's not something that they have to do, unlike us. So we are honoring their commitment.
Scott Brinker: It's pretty apples-to-apples. I mean, there are situations where you want to invest in front of new competition coming into the marketplace and we are doing some of that. But it's not like we hoard hundreds of millions of dollars into these assets so that they could compete with the new supply.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Jeff, it's Scott Brinker. That's a portfolio in the mid-Atlantic that is super high quality. We did a shorter-term lease on that acquisition a couple of years ago, so that's the reason that it's expiring. We fully expect that operator to either renew at the current rent plus an increase there, or if they surprised us and didn't renew, we would have plenty of people that would love to take over that portfolio.
Scott Brinker: Juan, it's Scott Brinker. It is a small part of our portfolio, less than 1%. I would characterize the NOI decline as volatility more than a problem. We just have some big spaces that are maturing in 2014. We haven't yet found the right tenant. This campus is literally surrounded by MIT. So there isn't any question in our mind that over time and I mean the relatively short to intermediate term, the portfolio is going to be fine and the space will lease up. It's really a matter of getting the right tenant into these spaces. So you may see some volatility for the next year plus or minus, but long term there is no question about the value of this real estate.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Juan, it's Scott Brinker again. On an annual basis we have been funding in the neighborhood of $100 million to $200 million of new construction on balance sheet and I think you will continue to see us in that range for the senior housing and post-acute. So the balance would be funded by our operating partners. On the vast majority of it we have some level of right to the acquisition when and if the operator looks to monetize. In general, they are raising private equity for these types of projects. And the whole concept is, build it, stabilize it and then look to get out. So it's been a nice way for us to acquire assets over the last several years and we would expect that to continue to be a nice pipeline of really high quality projects with existing partners going forward.
Scott Brinker: You know it depends on quality of the assets, of course with cap rates. But when we do our own assessment, it's in the high 50s, low 60s. If you were to break up the portfolio into pieces, we think that's what you would net to the shareholders at the end of the day. Now, when you account for the fact that it's a $30 billion portfolio with all of the relationships and the pipeline of future growth, I would expect there to be a pretty substantial premium to that price.
Scott Brinker: It's a little unique. I think it was a bit higher than you might have seen had we acquired all those through auctions. The lion's share of it was driven off-market by existing relationships. So a blended yield in the mid-6s for the quality of assets that we brought in senior housing and MOB. I think you'd be challenged to reproduce that kind of a yield if you were buying things through auctions.
Scott Brinker: Not so much lease up opportunity. Benchmark is taking over management at two of the properties and they tend to have a little bit different revenue model, that I think they could see some substantial NOI growth there over time. But it's not really driven by occupancy as much as it is by rate and service.
Scott Brinker: Yes, we don't have any more insight than you do, other than we're taking a pretty conservative view of what reimbursement rates look like for the foreseeable future.
Scott Brinker: Flat to slightly up. It may be down in any given year but we don't invest with one-year time horizons. So, if you look at this over a three, five and ten-year horizon, I think it's pretty reasonable to expect slightly positive rate increases.
Scott Brinker: Yes, overall rate growth for the portfolio last year I think was 2%, plus or minus, for the whole portfolio. It's unique we have such a little rollover. Less than 30% of our square footage expires over the next five years, so there just isn't much to worry about. And we have been able to keep the retention rate really high which helps us renew tenants without putting a bunch of money into the buildings and we're getting long leases on those renewals. So the activity viewed in the aggregate has been very positive. Occupancy remains strong. NOI per unit or per square foot is still at the very top end of the industry. So Mike Noto and his team are doing a great job. We've got great buildings. We think that portfolio continues to produce that steady, solid, low single-digit NOI growth.
Scott Brinker: That's the rate growth for the entire portfolio year-over-year, which is sort of the [indiscernible]
Scott Brinker: Yes, it depends on the property type. For independent living it tends to be 40% to 50% of total operating expenses. And then for assisted living, it would be more in the 60% to 65% range.
Scott Brinker: Nothing to date. I mean the operators in our portfolio have staffing levels that are at or well above any industry standards or requirements. So, that's not really a concern. And wage growth, it's been pretty manageable for the last several years, and at least in our history the wage growth tends to move with the ability to move rental rates as well. So there hasn't been tremendous pricing power for the past several years and consistent with that the wage growth has been pretty controllable.
Scott Brinker: Yes, it hasn't been too far outside the other expenses but it is growing more quickly than, say the staffing costs. So on average it's been well above 3% for sure. That tends to be property specific. So one building maybe 2% and another maybe 10% plus. So, that is an area that is maybe subject to a bit of excess growth right now.
Scott Brinker: They are a tenant on our campus. They lease roughly 125,000 square feet and they take one entire building. Mostly the lease matures in 2019. And our expectation had been that they would be moving to their new campus at Kendall Square. But I think that situation there is dynamic and I'm not sure if they will stay or they will go. Our expectation had been that they would be leaving and we would find a new tenant over the next couple of years.
Scott Brinker: Yes. We're in the mid to high-50s, and the market for new construction is in the high-60s. So, given the quality of the real estate in the locations, again we're confident that over time we're going to find the right tenant for that space.
Scott Brinker: Well, we'll see. PSP owns Revera. They've got a $75 billion balance sheet. But how they finance the acquisition, they are still working through that. We'll probably close in the next 90 to 120 days.
Scott Brinker: I think it's recycling. There's one -- about 80% of it is in hospital area, Rob. So we really have smaller seniors housing component to the disposition guidance at this point. I think there is, again, one hospital towards the middle to the back half of the year in the budget right now, as for as dispositions.
Scott Brinker: Yes, Mike, this is Scott. We try to also provide a little context on that same page, because there is more to the story than just payment coverage. We've tried to give people a sense of what level of corporate guarantee is there, security deposits, letters of credit, all those types of things, that also help pay the rent. And, importantly, there are some portfolios in that table that are still in the sort of turnaround or lease-up phase. So, over time we of course expect to have zero, below 1.0 coverage. But there will always be a portion that underperforms, and that's why we ask for corporate guarantees and ask for letters of credit etcetera, so that we make sure we get the rent payment.
Scott Brinker: We could. I think in general we'd look to be more nimble. We have, I believe, over $450 million of availability on our ATM. We'd been obviously working larger transactions so it didn't make as much sense to -- we have had some very large less frequent transactions. But it's nice to have that tool in the toolkit as we think about deploying capital effectively.
Scott Estes: Rich, it's Scott Estes. I don't think there is anything too much to read into here. I think we've been pretty consistent with how we talk about our base line of investment expectations as a result of our strong operator relationships. And we, again, to remain consistent have chosen not to include the number in our guidance, but I think everyone knows we've been pretty consistent with sourcing a nice base line level of incremental investments.
Scott Estes: And it's been, I would say, running a little bit higher than normal. And an in short, we would expect that to generally run probably 1% to 1.5% of investment volumes. And the main reason it's been running a little bit higher through 2013 was the nature of the transactions we completed, the larger size. Such as the Sunrise transaction, acquiring a public company where you have fees and severance and legal and other associated costs. So, there's nothing really to read into that. We would generally expect it to trend more towards the 1% to 1.5% range of investments going forward.
Scott Estes: I don't feel like we need to raise any money anytime soon. You did point out the dispositions that are in our guidance. We have our full line available. So in essence that's $2.25 billion plus $250 million of dispositions. We also receive a rate of about $240 million a year through our dividend reinvestment program, which is a nice help. So, in short, we do remain committed to getting our debt to undepreciated book cap down towards the 40% range over the long-term. But there's no pressing needs to do anything, it really is contingent as always upon our pace of new investment.
Scott Estes: We had a pretty solid growth in the comparable quarter last year. I think it was up 8.6%. So, I think that played a little bit into it, but 6.2% is still a pretty strong number.
Scott Estes: Jeff, it's Scott Estes. I think the number, I don't know how you're calculating it, and it's a little tricky using unit counts based on our ownership interest. We're calculating about $1,700 per unit and that's been fairly consistent. But your point about the average age of the facilities and the money that has already gone into them, I think keeps that number a little bit lower and fairly consistent by our calculations, about the $1,700 per unit range.
Scott Estes: And in terms of raising capital, we're obviously seeing investment opportunities, looking to invest accretively. So, I think that to the extent that we're potentially trading at maybe a slight premium to NAV, we'd obviously consider that, but as a part of a larger picture.
Scott Estes: It was a specific provision related to a small loan for our property that we've had in our portfolio for a very, very long time that was a potential development candidate and we've been carrying a lot of cost taxes on it, and we sold it in January for $500,000. So we wrote it down to $500,000 at year-end. That's the only actual loan on non-accrual as of year-end and then sold it in January.
Scott Estes: There are three components to it, Ross. First, there was some Sunrise related fees and just timing of some tax and other advisory services. As you mentioned, we did have a handful of other deals in the quarter. And then the third part, there was actually a termination fee related to just a restructuring of a lease. And when we revalue a lease when it was stayed with the same operator, you can't mark up the value of the asset through a lease restructuring. So you have to run the increase in value through transaction costs. So there is nothing more than those three items in it this quarter.
Scott Estes: We actually did that analysis. Just seeing how the transaction costs have been running, I think about 2.3% for the year. And by our characterization, what would be common usual items or factors related to really the bigger deals that I mentioned in my previous remarks such as the Sunrise transaction, we think it was running right at 1.1%. So that's kind of the flavor from my comments. So I think it should run between 1% and 1.5% going forward.
Scott Estes: I don't know that off the top of my head, do you Scott? I don't have that number right with me, Todd. I'll just have to get back to you on that one.
Scott Estes: Again to get into a lot of the details, I would say $3 million really are the deal related costs this quarter, truly about a 1% number. You had some Sunrise cost, just the timing of when those hit. They hit a little bit later in terms of some of the tax and advisory services. And then probably about half the number was the termination fee that I mentioned as a part of the lease restructuring. That was a specific onetime item.
