Tom DeRosa: Thanks, Scott. I want to leave you with the message that we are confident in our ability to create shareholder value in 2016 and beyond. Let me remind you that when senior housing was in disarray because of lack of capital post financial crisis or because of the oversupply in the early part of the century, our shareholders benefitted tremendously and we grew exponentially by recapitalizing the industry. Today we are in the strongest position we have every been with our leading balance sheet, long-term institutional capital partners, like CPP and PSP, our portfolio of best-in-class operators, significant local scale in top markets and a deep understanding of how all these work together as a real operating platform, not a financially engineered yield portfolio. I cannot be more excited about what lies ahead for Welltower. So, for the Q&A we have a few other folks in the room here. We've got two that are well-known to you, Paul Nungester and Steve Schroeder and two that are new on the Q&A but who I think are well-know to lots of people on the phone, Tim Lordan and Shankh Mitra. So, now Colia, please open up the line for questions.
Tom DeRosa: We have many discussions with CPP. They are a close partner of ours now and so you should assume that, any and all possibilities are discussed with CPP.
Tom DeRosa: Well lot of this $1 billion is loan repayments, so the buyer's HUD rather than -- HUD you wouldn't ordinarily think about as buyer. The others that we have in process it's for the most part private equity groups. You have to ask them about the return expectations. I know ours have increased a bit. But I don’t think they spend enough transaction volume, at least in seniors housing to know where cap rates are going. I would say medical office is such a liquid market with a lot of buyers that I don’t think the impact of the public REIT share prices or the non traded REITs no longer raising money has much of an impact in that sector. And we have seen several skilled nursing portfolios very recently transact to cap rates that are really no different than what we have seen for years in that business. Seniors housing is where it slowed down a bit. So I think a lot of people are wondering where cap rates will ultimately head.
Tom DeRosa: Well they bring some of the largest pools of capital in the world and Chad we believe that there is going to be an increasing need for senior housing in the major metro markets. And if you think about the cost of building in Midtown Manhattan or Central Washington, D.C. or San Francisco, it's significant and it's important that institutions like CPP now understand the investment thesis for deploying capital to seniors housing. The other piece of this is that we again very much believe is that it's going to take trillions of dollars to rebuild the acute-care hospital system in this country to basically accommodate technology that is with us today or will be developed in the future that will dramatically allow us to lower healthcare costs and improve outcomes. We have a lot of antiquated acute-care hospital infrastructure in this country. So, while I'd like to think we could go it alone and the capital markets will accommodate us to fund every bit of capital need that we will need to build this infrastructure, we aren't -- we're not that big a gambler. So, it's been very important for us to spend time with institutions like PSP and CPPIB and we'll bring others in because I think they understand we're smart and we can provide them opportunities that they cannot find on their own and they will also see interesting opportunities to deploy capital at returns that possibly aren't available in other sectors -- in the traditional sectors of real-estate where they are one of the major owners.
Tom DeRosa: Scott just said it, we're a long-term investor and these are long-term investors, they're not managing to a 7 year fund return. So we think we are much more aligned with this investor class and I think you'll see more of that from us.
Tom DeRosa: And the U.K. has a tight -- particularly around, London has a very tight labor market. There is a demand particularly for people with nursing skills and a lot of that is -- it's complicated because a lot of that demand is being met through nurses that are coming from other countries and you actually get into a whole immigration discussion. So it's quite complicated but that's where a lot of the pressure's been in the U.K.
Tom DeRosa: Yes, there were two different pipelines. There were 17 buildings that we are committed to acquire and now closed on 12 of those, so there're five more to come. And then there were 45 additional properties that had yet to be started and those are starting to roll out and the structure on those is that we provide a small mezzanine loan. Mainstreet puts in lot of equity and then obtains a third party construction loan and when those 45 buildings open, one at a time we have the option to buy each one at a 7.7 cap rate. So it's one building at a time, our option.
Tom DeRosa: Not sure I understood. You're saying has there been interest from other parties in our skilled nursing assets either buying them from us or investing helping us fund development of skilled nursing.
Tom DeRosa: So what we're interested in post acute is investing in the next generation of post acute care. We are not interested in owning lots of low Q mix on nursing assets and we sold lots of them over the years that Scott mentioned, that's been a component of the $4 billion in dispositions we've made. We believe in the post acute sector. We do not think it's going away. And so we will deploy capital into the next generation of post acute of which Genesis is one of the operators that is offering that product through its PowerBack facilities. We think that as a good place to commit capital. We think -- recently just this past Monday we were with Cleveland Clinic and they mentioned that they had just formed a relationship with Select Medical where they are actually in a new suburban setting, where they have an outpatient in a smaller hospital they are actually putting Select Medical post acute bed attached to the hospital that Select Medical will run. So hospitals more than ever need strong post acute operators and so that's where we will deploy capital. We are not looking to acquire skilled nursing beds because the cap rates look attractive. That is not what we do as a company and I think that's a very important differentiating point about Welltower.
Tom DeRosa: Tayo, I don’t have that information because they are not a public reporting entity. But you should assume they own some very large -- for instance, central business district metropolitan office buildings. You know what the -- you have better idea of knowing what those are worth than we do. But just assume that they have billions of dollars allocated to top end commercial real estate around the world.
Tom DeRosa: As we present them opportunities that meet their investment targets, yes, I would assume that will get bigger over time.
Tom DeRosa: Tayo we offer an alternative to either local authority when it comes to elder care or even on -- in acute-care as you know we own four hospitals in London that are private pay hospitals. So if you think about a network of in London today of over 70 elder care facilities that are private pay that are networked with four private pay acute-care hospitals, that is a formidable entity. Because the fact is you have -- in the U.K. they can't afford to treat their growing elderly population in NHS beds, they just can't do that, and I think that there's going to be an increasing demand for private pay healthcare options as more and more of the population will not get what they want from the government.
Tom DeRosa: The future is what I mentioned with Cleveland Clinic which is in your backyard and/or what we have with Virtua in Voorhees where you have got a PowerBack contiguous to the outpatient and the acute care hospital. That's the future. That's what hospital systems have to embrace that they need to partner with the best in class post acute operators. And Genesis is one of them.
Tom DeRosa: That's a tough question Rich. You're asking us to make some predictions which we don’t like to do. It's hard to say. The way I'd answer the question and I would invite anybody in the room here to answer this as well. I mean the way I'd answer it is that you have acute care hospital providers that are going to be under increasing pressure because of bundled payments. They are going to need to align with post acute and seniors housing operators. So I think if you're focused on working -- and also Scott mentioned a word that you don't often hear with respect to healthcare which is called consumerism. As the consumer is forced to have more choices in the future because they're paying more, you're going to -- there's all these phenomenon that to us say if you are aligned with the leading surviving health systems and you have a post acute business that helps them manage in a new reimbursement world more effectively, I think that leads to a good outcome for both the acute care hospital as well as the post acute provider, as well as the consumer. And that is a new way of talking about healthcare.
Tom DeRosa: I mean it's hard to say. I mean I think that this is a complicated area, there will be bumps in the road. It's very hard to answer that but we feel we're very well positioned.
Tom DeRosa: I don’t think it was something that we focused a lot of attention on because it's been affect us. I guess there are longer term big issues in the U.K. regarding medical professionals I think it affects mostly the National Health Service.
Tom DeRosa: Rich we like it when you brainstorm. We enjoy that. Come see us and you can brainstorm -- come see us since we don’t. We can brainstorm even more.
Tom DeRosa: Yes. Good question, Kevin. I think it's early days. I think that clearly these big institutions that have not invested in this sector before are typically more interested in either urban outpatient medical buildings or I would say that would be their prime -- it's easy for them to get their hands around that sector. But I think this announcement that we made today that now again you have another big global institution partnering with us like PSP in the senior housing space, I think raises a flag to others that maybe you should take a look as well. So, I think it's early days, but we are in conversations with a number of them.
Tom DeRosa: Well, we are very selective when it comes to development and again if you could see us develop -- now you know we are developing in London because there's no -- we have already rolled up the existing supply of high-end private pay elder care in the London market. There's still a demand and that's where we are doing some development. We look very selectively at markets in the U.S. where we know there's no supply or very limited supply of high-end private pay senior housing and that's where we on a very selective basis will allocate capital.
Tom DeRosa: So this is where we -- this is our -- where we come out on that. The hospitals that we would want to own are not available. You can only buy hospitals that we would today -- that we consider not good long term investments. We believe that much of the hospital supply that exists today in this country will be taken out of service. It will follow the path of many other sectors of real estate that you've seen taken out of service. We got a lot of empty department stores anchoring struggling malls in this country. Remember there was a day that every city in America had its own unique department stores that were part of the social fabric. And those don't exist today because most of them have gone away or they're called Macy's. And you -- I predict that many of these communities that all have numerous acute care hospital systems, in the next 10, 20 years you will see very few and you'll see the big not-for-profit brand names in healthcare. So the Cleveland Clinics, the Mayo Clinics, the Johns Hopkins, start to proliferate into other markets. So I think you can look at a little bit at history and from a real estate perspective to know that a lot of hospital supply that you can buy today is probably going to be -- if you think the cap rates are attractive today just wait a little while because they're going to be more attractive when you’re buying buildings that are being taken out of service. So this is not an area that we will deploy capital. We think that is not the right strategy for our shareholders.
Scott Brinker: Great, so, Josh I'm happy to answer that, Scott Brinker. There're a couple of questions I'll try to remember them one at a time, the first I think was the 2% to 3% growth outlook and how did we get there? And from where we sit today our same-store occupancy is slightly above last year, so that's a good starting point. I've said on a number of occasions that 90% plus of NOI in the seniors housing space can be explained in three variables; occupancy, rate and labor. So I just talked about one of them, occupancy looks good, but we've been conservative in our guidance and assume essentially no change in occupancy through the year just given what's happened in the economy and there's some new supply, now hopefully will be better than that but that's what's within our guidance. And then on rate, we continue to grow in the 3% to 3.5% range and that's generally what we expect in 2016. And the third component is labor, and that's probably the one where, I wouldn't say we're worried but it could be a bit higher this year than it has been recently. A number of states and cities have increases in their minimum wage and certainly the new supply in certain markets does impact the labor pool. So we're expecting compensation expense to be a bit higher than rate growth this year in our budget and that's what leads into the 2% to 3% projection for the year. Now longer term what I'd tell you is we projected in the 4% to 5% range when we made our first RIDEA investment more than five years ago, obviously we've done better than that on average. There will be fluctuations, we also probably didn't expect that inflation would be virtually zero. When we made that projection which is where it's at today in a lot of our core markets and yet we're still drilling in the low 3s. So what we feel confident in is that we'll continue to outperform the sector which we've done year after year after year. And that we'll outperform our peers. And that's probably a better way to answer the long term growth outlook Josh. It's so hard to say for sure what the overall economy is going to look like. And the only thing I'd add to that is you have to really look at the markets where our assets are located. These major metro markets are very difficult to bring new supply. You know we're very focused on major metro markets where we already have assets and where we're looking to bring additional supply. And I -- if you look at the aging of the population there's going to be more and more demand and limited options particularly for people who have dementia and Alzheimer's disease. So that's one of the reasons why we're still pretty bullish on at least our portfolio and how it will perform over the long term.
Scott Brinker: Yes, we talk a lot about -- we're close with the Genesis management team and also with their financial partner Formation Capital and so we have lots of discussions about how do we best position Genesis and how we best position Welltower. So all options are considered, Josh.
Scott Brinker: Yes Ross I'm happy to answer that, it's Scott Brinker. So they announced -- pre-announced their corporate just a couple of weeks ago but you will probably remember it was quite limited on what they talked about. And until they announce their full earnings next week we're just unfortunately not in a position to really say much more. It's just we have the data we'd like to talk about it, we can't.
Scott Brinker: Be happy to Ross. These are mortgage loans that are very similar to what we did to help them finance the Skilled Health acquisition in early 2015. So when they closed on the portfolio acquisition with Revera in the fourth quarter we provided some short term fully secured mortgage financing to help them accomplish that transaction. Now the long term plan in both cases is that they will bring these properties to HUD, and replace our, I'll call it high cost financing at 8% plus with very high escalators with lower cost in the 4% range HUD financing that's non-recourse and has a 30 year term. So that's what the majority, the vast majority of the loan volume in the fourth quarter represents, Ross, it is just a mortgage loan to help them finance that Revera acquisition and we expect it to be repaid over the next call it 12 months.
Scott Brinker: Yes. John its Scott Brinker. There are mutual rights of first offer based on defined radii around the properties that we acquired that is limited to independent living buildings since that's what we acquired with them.
Scott Brinker: Yes I mean there are a long list of things that are different. Now I know a lot more about Genesis but not to about ManorCare. So I will this time focus my comments on Genesis. But it gets back to the comments, I made in my script, John. They clearly are facing some industry headwinds but those headwinds are not new. Medicare Advantage has been an issue for years and years putting pressure on length of stay and rate and Genesis has stayed ahead by getting out of certain assets, acquiring assets that are better fits for the current environment and actively managing their labor costs, which again is the most significant operating expense. And the other thing I would mention is they have a much lower Medicare mix and that probably has an impact on why they have held out better over the past four years, because a lot of the pressure has been on the Medicare side of the business. And the other distinction I would make is the results at the corporate level. So I talked about property level cash flow being more than adequate to pay the rent but there is also a huge difference in terms of the corporate cash flow which provides a significant security blanket for our rent payment. And they've been able to grow that cash flow through merger synergies and they will grow it going forward through refinancing and probably some asset buybacks.
Scott Brinker: Chad we like the market position of our buildings in the vast majority of our locations. But I just remember just 12 months, when it seems like the day after we hung up on our fourth quarter earnings call, occupancy started to drop pretty quickly because of the flu. So there's just some things you can't predict and we're taking a conservative approach here. I mentioned earlier that occupancy today in the same-store pool is above last year. So, that implies that we should be in a good position and we continue to see positive trends really in all three countries.
Scott Brinker: Yes, it is and it will probably ramp up over the course of the year. When I get back to the comment I made about the three variables that really impact performance; the first is occupancy and there's clearly a rebuilding that was necessary after the flu season last year but we've seen it, across that portfolio occupancy is coming back very strongly. The second variable being rate and we continue to increase rates in the 3% range if not higher this year. The third variable is more challenging and that's labor because of the impact of the living wage which is up 7% throughout the country and even higher in other markets. So, unrelated to anything that Sunrise can control, there's just an external factor that's going to be a headwind on NOI growth this year.
Scott Brinker: And Chad the other thing I would mention is they give us a lot of flexibility. Keep in mind that at as a Healthcare REIT we can't own operating companies. At least we can't own more than 35% of them. So Sunrise is an example, we'd love to own the whole thing but we can't. So, this is a company that's worth probably $500 million plus, this is a big profitable company and the question is, if Healthcare REIT Welltower can only own up to 35% of that company who owns the rest? There are very limited people that could write a check that size, private equity is one but frankly generally speaking they don't align with our approach to business. So, PSP acting through Revera owns the balance of Sunrise alongside of us and that's just one example of how we are I think controlling our own destiny, helping shape the future of the industry through these ownership stakes that without a group like PSP we would not be able to do.
Scott Brinker: I will be happy to. The U.S. is 70% of that portfolio and drives the majority of the growth rate so you should expect it to be right in the middle of that range. The U.K. probably a bit higher but backend weighted in the second half of the year and then Canada a bit lower, mostly because of the economy there. Inflation is zero.
Scott Brinker: We haven't seen as much in Canada, Vik, probably driven or just by the health of the overall economy there, the labor market is much more reasonable. It's really the U.K. because of the change in the living wage and then particular markets in the U.S. which have a higher minimum wage.
Scott Brinker: I think the number that you're referring to is in the supplement. So I'll just use the 3 mile radius as an example because we still think that's the most appropriate for our urban locations based on where residents usually come from. We had a more suburban or rural market portfolio I think 5 to 10 miles is more appropriate but for Welltower I think 3 miles really is the best radius to be looking at. So in this quarter's supplement we say that 1.7% of our total NOI is impacted by new supply, okay, and that assumes that all of the NOI from the properties that we own will be impacted 100% by the new supplies. So it's kind of a worst case scenario, meaning if you take all the properties in our portfolio that are impacted by new supply, that 1.7% assumes that NOI at those properties goes to zero, which is obviously not going to happen. In fact our history is that properties in our portfolio that are subject to new supply have actually held up quite well when new supply enters the market and we studied it for years, looked at their performance before and after the new competition enters the market. And on average occupancy is pretty much flat and NOI has been up 4% on average. So it's not the Draconian downside necessarily that people assume.
Scott Brinker: It's hard to even say what the number would be because we just think at our current stock price there is no reason to do anything. It's ridiculous price to try to raise money at. I don’t think it has any connection with intrinsic value of the company let alone the platform. So we are not really thinking about acquisitions right now. There is a pretty large gap between market expectations for cap rates and what would make sense for us and that means we are going to keep relationships warm. And when that discrepancy flips and at some it will, we will be active again.
Scott Brinker: I guess yes. We would say -- I would say, couldn't hurt to look at it. Actually we never turned it and off and fortunately been in a position and if we stated what we would argue is a depressed stock price for a period of time we could do it. So I think it's worth looking at again to the extent we are traded at a lower value for a longer period of time. Really raising only about $50 million-ish or $60 million-ish per quarter in terms of the number of shares that typically come in.
Scott Brinker: Part of the relationship goes both ways, think about PSP who owns Revera, they have brought us $2 billion of opportunities over the past four years that are now in our portfolio. So it isn't a one way partnership.
Scott Brinker: Yes, Tayo, there are really two businesses in the U.K. 95% plus of what exists there are buildings that we wouldn't want to own, because the real estate quality is pretty bad and the payer mix is virtually all government pay and I think that business is in a lot of trouble. That's why we did not invest any capital into that space over the past four years when we so aggressively pursued the high end private pay market. I say that because one, the real-estate quality is low, but two think about the minimum wage impacts when government reimbursement rates are increasing maybe 1% a year and your staffing costs are going up 8% to 10%. That's a tough dynamic to manage through. And I can trust that with the three portfolios that we own in the U.K.; Sunrise, Signature and Avery, all of which have 90% plus private pay. They actually increased rates at pretty substantial percentages this year to offset most of that wage increase and that’s why you really do need to think about two different sectors that are targeting two very different residents.
Scott Brinker: Yes, exactly. Michael I talked about Genesis increasing property level NOI by 2.5% per year over the last four years. The assets that we sold would not have held up that well. They had very low coverage, older buildings, really no corporate credit and that's important to understand in the skilled nursing business. Generally speaking there's no corporate credit behind these leases. Although there may not be AAA there's a substantial entity standing behind all these and we're happy to invest more. With Genesis we've been doing that but we've been focused on the modern post-acute properties that often have higher payment coverage as well, so that there's an even bigger cushion.
Scott Brinker: Yes, they'll capture more volume without question. When you think about the healthcare business really transitioning to more of a consumer based industry, where would you rather go given the choice. If you've been in one of their Mainstreet properties or PowerBack, these are very nice properties. In terms of a private room, big rehab space, the amenities, in comparison with a typical 50 year old nursing home, semi-private rooms.
Scott Brinker: Michael in the supplement we give the quality mix for Genesis which would include Medicare, fee-for-service, Medicare Advantage as well as any other private payer, commercial insurance and it's right around 48%, so slightly below half. We don't disclose the specific breakdown among those different payer classes, the rates are generally in the same range. Anyway I can tell you that of their Medicare revenues roughly two-thirds is traditional fee-for-service and the rest is Medicare Advantage and that's pretty consistent with the national average where if you look at all Medicare beneficiaries about two-thirds of them are still in the traditional fee-for-service business and the other third are in the Medicare Advantage business.
Scott Brinker: Rent cuts are something that we talk about, I mean that think about the facility level payment coverage which again is the cash from the buildings that we own. It's patched up by corporate guarantee, so we feel very comfortable with where we're at from both levels.
Scott Brinker: No. And I think there is a huge miss understanding on that point, because the pressure that you are seeing from managed care in the Medicare business will also come from Medicaid. The states are throwing up their hands and giving their entire programs to commercial insurers who will continue to squeeze this business. And to me government funded long-term care is the high cost setting for those residents. We are considered the alternatives. Post acute is the low cost setting for those residents. So you have to think about a market and what it looks like five to 10 years from now, not just what the headlines suggest. So we continue to be a lot more bullish about the sector for post acute than for the long-term residential care, which frankly every state is doing everything they can to keep patients out of long-term care nursing homes.
Scott Brinker: Rich, CPP and PSP have been around for decades. They are the -- every day they are receiving millions to billions of dollars which have to be invested in safe assets, so they can pay out these pensions over time. They've been around across many cycles, whether oil was a $100 a gallon or whether it's $20, whatever it's -- we don’t worry about that. They are stable, a institutional partner as you can find in the world.
Scott Brinker: Yes. That's a good question Karin, I'm glad you brought it up, because of our shop portfolio roughly half of the properties do increase rents for existing residents on January 1. But the other half do it on the anniversary date of when the resident moved in. So it takes some time to impact revenue and I'll contrast that with wage pressure which increases for everybody on January 1 and that's a main reason why we think the second half of the year probably looks a little bit better than the first half. This year just given those dynamics and when it comes to rates for new residents coming in off of the street we do know what the operators are planning to charge in terms of an increase, but the variable is the timing right, they come in throughout the course of the year so it doesn’t impact revenue on day one.
Scott Brinker: On the first question, Mike Triple Net versus RIDEA, it's a good question. It becomes a bit more nuanced because most of the Triple Net opportunities that we see recently have been, I'll call them lower quality properties, they're not in our core markets and the payment coverage tends to be quite low without much corporate credit standing behind the lease. And if I can trust that opportunity with a RIDEA Class A investment in Los Angeles or New York, I still prefer the risk reward of RIDEA even though structurally that first Triple Net investment looks more attractive. I think that's -- you need to think about it in a little bit more detailed way. And now if I could get Triple Net coverages at 2 times, that may change my opinion, but for the most part the market today is in the 1.1 payment coverage range which to me they are not really getting as much protection on a Triple Net lease as the structure may imply.
Scott Brinker: They cannot sell assets without complying with the financial covenants and where they sit today there's no chance that they'd be able to sell an asset that's valuable like the rehab therapy business without our consent. So that's easy, I am not sure I follow your first question though about rehab.
Scott Brinker: I'm not even sure what you mean exclude, I'm not sure Juan where you're going with that. The rehab billings, I mean they own their own therapy company. So they charged -- the rehab therapy company charges the facilities for rehab. And that's what's in our number.
Scott Estes: I think that's generally right. Ross, Scott Estes. We do have a -- one thing you didn't mention is we have $400 million of debt maturing in March so the only other item that is contemplated in guidance is that we replace that with prevailing rates. So 10 year to debt for us today is probably in the 4.4% to 4.5% range. But the three pieces for the sources other than that are retained earnings. We obviously get about $300 million from our DRIP and then the $1 billion of dispositions in addition to that.
Scott Estes: I might answer that question Jordan in a little bit of a different way to that of Tom's comment just focused on post acute. But really in a time where capital is more precious we are really focused on our existing partners. You all know that we have a partnership based approach and we have 30 partners that we have been growing with historically. So if you had to think about asset mix, As Tom said, post acute maybe a part of it but I think primarily seniors housing is where we have our largest share of relationships. We are always going to be I think focused in seniors housing area first and foremost.
Scott Estes: It's probably best to spread it evenly throughout the year, Tayo. I mean what's held for sale on our balance sheet is about a $110 million MOB portfolio and a $60 million seniors housing Triple Net portfolio. Scott Brinker mentioned loans is clearly a component of that. Again like using the potential, Genesis refinancing as an example will take time to play out throughout the year. They go through the whole process and then everything else would be opportunistic, so I do think it's probably best to blend it throughout the year.
Scott Estes: The -- I think it's all cash, the current rate is 8.1% on the blended loan portfolio, Smedes. A very small part is not cash.
Scott Estes: Well fortunately we can talk about that because, they talked about it in their press release a couple of weeks ago and the specific comment was that at the corporate level fixed charge coverage is 1.31 times in 2015 and they are projecting 1.35 times in 2016.
Scott Estes: Yes. If HUD funds, they clearly have to cash back. I mean we have the first mortgage on their properties, so HUD won't close without taking that back from us and economically they have a strong incentive to cash back. I think the rate escalates by 100 basis points every 90 days and it's at least twice as high as what HUD will charge them. And so the incentives are well aligned here.
Scott Estes: The held for sale is two portfolios, again about $170 million; like I said $110 million of medical office buildings and $60 million senior housing Triple Net portfolio. I would say probably have -- getting us up to our -- from that $170 million up to roughly half of the total disposition number with potential loan payoffs and there's a little bit of variability again largely to timing of Genesis going through the HUD process. And then the rest is really probably the most flexible piece. So, I think we really just want to maintain that flexibility. We have the luxury of time here. We feel good about where our leverage is. But do you have a more specific question, because again we didn't want to identify specific assets. There's a lot of options and where pricing is in certain markets we can be opportunistic and if we can also do some things that you know enhance the quality of the portfolio we would look at those too.
Scott Estes: No, we don't have much in Florida actually. It hasn't historically been one of our targeted markets. We just happen to like these assets in particular. These are big campuses that stay virtually full 100% of the time and equally important Discovery as good as we've seen, especially the marketing side of the business and controlling costs. So it’s I think a reminder that our business is driven not by real estate but also by the quality of the operations and that's what we found so attractive about this particular portfolio.
Scott Estes: Sure, Juan we have you know a guidance range that implies about again 10% growth like you said. The majority of it is actually the run rate on existing hires and processes have been put in place in 2015 that's about two-thirds of the growth. And then we have a pretty limited remaining amount call it $5 million to $6 million that's largely what I would call professional services related. So those would include items like consulting, tax, legal, HR. And what I would actually give as an example because we are very focused on lowering our G&A costs. Included in that G&A estimate is about $2 million to $3 million of consulting work we are doing in the tax area. But it's projected to generate savings of $6 million to $7 million on the tax expense line so we actually have a little bit of a shifting that's going on this year where we are incurring a little bit higher G&A. But net we should save the company actually a good bit of money.
Scott Estes: Sure. Yes there is a -- well again like we -- tax expense guidance of $16 million to $18 million did include the benefit of those savings. So that number is lower in our forecast as a result. And in example if something like rehab, pretty complicated number of structures in terms of the sheer number of TRS' in our idea portfolio. So if we can consolidate a 125 TRS' into one that gets a lot more efficiency on which of them are generating income, the efficiency of it, the tax returns and it reduces your overall tax expense. That's one of the projects that we are working on.
