Scott A. Estes: Sure James, this is Scott. The first part of your question, the answer is there have been about $250 million of dispositions year-to-date. And $450 million implied pending in the fourth quarter, about $500 million in aggregate of the $700 million total this year are skilled nursing facilities. And of the remaining $450 million, there is about $80 million in debt on those properties. The bottom line is, it's actually a great time for us to evaluate the portfolio. It's a good environment for us to sell. We're finding that operators are looking at buying back properties and it's really a pretty reasonably attractive financing market. They can take it to HUD, bridge to HUD at rates in the 3% to 3.5% range right now. So that's helping our decision to accelerate some of our portfolio repositioning efforts.
Scott A. Estes: Pricing has been pretty reasonable. I don't think it's really changed too much. Usually, yields on sales, we're often fortunate enough in those with to book a gain. If you look at the cash we received, we're probably in the, I guess you can say, low to mid-9s. I think inclusive of gains.
Scott A. Estes: It's pretty consistent within the marketplace. We haven't seen as many true conversions from one asset type to another. We hear some discussion about it, but generally, I can't point to a lot of examples at this point.
Scott A. Estes: It's actually been stable. So it's still around 1.3x. I don't think we're forecasting too much of a change in that number.
Scott A. Estes: Essentially yes. It's been right around 1.3x. And longer term, I think as they look to move and close to the Sun merger, hopefully, within the next month or 2, that there's really a nice opportunity for some synergies, as well as an opportunity longer term to improve their skilled mix, which is currently about 23%. And I think that each 1% that they're able to improve can add about $12 million to operating cash flow, if they're able to do that.
Scott A. Estes: Not as much state specific as it is really to history of the operator. And they're generally smaller investments that are not really strategic longer term, and they have the willingness and appetite to take -- to pay us off, and we're willing to do that. It's very much in line with our strategic initiatives.
Scott A. Estes: Yes, above that level, yes. And just to be clear, skilled nursing coverage, when we talked about 1.2, that was just the low point of the dispersion. Everyone's above 1.2. So again, our overall coverage is currently 1.4.
Scott A. Estes: This is Scott Estes. My view is we will have largely completed our major portfolio repositioning efforts through this acceleration. That being said, you should expect us probably to still look at potentially a couple hundred million of dispositions in 2013. Really, the opportunity we saw, in particular, was on the skilled nursing side that we've, I think, been talking to most everyone about, and it's just worked out pretty well that we think we can get a lot of those transactions done in short order. So we've decided to do it.
Scott A. Estes: I think, Nick, the best perspective is we do have a little bit of a benefit. But obviously, it also went into our initial expectations when we talked about the initial cap rates we went in at. Exclusive of a good stat, I think it's exclusive of the benefit of anything and fill up our stable, call it, same-store portfolio. It was up over 5%. So you're getting 5.2% an area. So you're still -- you're getting a slight benefit from some of the assets and fill up but still the core portfolio is generating over 5% growth year-over-year.
Scott A. Estes: I think we'll evaluate that. I think the general discussions and feedback we've received from folks it'd be more of the traditional view, to wait until the full 15 months and start to report once we've had the transition in place. And that's basically the way we've started to do it now. So I think it's more standard. We can continue to discuss it, but that would be my expectation at this point.
Scott A. Estes: [indiscernible] the facilities, Philip, we've talked to the guys, they're going to take a more sophisticated operator, I think, with larger scale, the ability to lower cost, more efficient outcomes and quality of care will become increasingly important. They start to think about we're really focused on who really has the long-term platforms to improve on those metrics over the longer term.
Scott A. Estes: I'd really would just be guessing at this point, Mike. I think we'll clearly do that in February when we give the guidance. I would say that we're getting some relative savings as you think of our scalable platform as you add the Sunrise investment into our G&A. As I mentioned, our run rate in the fourth quarter, in terms of G&A, is looking like about $24 million. The aggregate CapEx for this year, what is it, Steve, about $54 million.
Scott A. Estes: For the full year 2012. So I think I would take those kind of run rate and grow them at some point. At this point, we'll give you more specifics as soon as we can.
Scott A. Estes: That is correct. It's probably about the area that we -- we'd shake out if you just take within our earnings release today. We're comfortable with that level that's at the higher end of where we would probably like to see it, and I think we'll look at opportunities right off the bat. There's some -- clearly some of that debt that makes sense to pay off if we're able to do that. So we'd probably hope to keep it somewhat lower than that and we're -- when we're looking at that right now.
Scott A. Estes: The team has really done great -- I think a great job getting as much of the value added to portfolios as we've been able to do. We have about 70% of the increases in our medical office portfolio are fixed and they range probably in the 1.5% to 2% range. So you generally expect, I would say, probably 2%, maybe a little bit better growth, and there has just been some effect of leasing spreads that our rollover has been very small. So the kind of the number we've seen has been in the 1% to 2% range of late.
Scott A. Estes: you're probably talking about the market, generally. I think what we would do -- is yes, Rob, we very excited about the portfolio that we got. And if we think about what we may do, it's probably 2/3 weighted towards seniors' housing opportunities, 1/3 weighted towards medical office buildings. But yes, I think over the next 6 to 12 months you would see -- expect to see the pace in, at least, for us, about a 2 -- 1 to 2 years ago, we were getting 40% -- 30%, 40% of our quarterly investments from repeat business. Now it's up to about 60%, 65%. So I think that's going to an increasing part as we've added good partners just to grow with them.
Scott A. Estes: Yes. Our entrance fee facility is currently 13 facilities. It's only about 4% of the portfolio, and we continue to earn about 6.5% overall. It does continue to fill generally, albeit is somewhat slowly, probably a rate of 2% to 3% per quarter. We have some facilities that are doing well. You have a few that are probably struggling a little bit more, I think some more of the resort-like communities in the southeast that has a little bit slower fill-up times. So I think as always, we have a right to capture any of the upside, and I think that just allows us to continue to evaluate all of those buildings, as well as thinking about, if ever, repositioning as a rental model maybe makes sense or selling them ever makes sense.
Scott A. Estes: I think the best way, Todd, to think about it is we do have some Sun assets that we talked about. So you'd probably combine the Sun and Genesis portfolios. If we have $3.5 billion today, selling another $400 million to $500 million very short term gets us to about $3 billion portfolio. So genesis will basically be about $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion of the $3 billion total, and then we have a handful of others, as George mentioned, such as Trilogy, that have been -- we've got good relationships with longer term. So that really would make most of the focus in our portfolio will be the Genesis portfolio.
Scott A. Estes: I guess I didn't average them all. I would think, generally, the in-place yield is usually in the 10% -- they've been in our portfolio for awhile 10.5% to 11%, but we often get a price above our book basis. So with those gains, it's usually a yield on a sales price, more like the 9% to 9.5% range that I mentioned before.
Scott A. Estes: I think if you'd look at investments that we've looked at the last 3 to 6 months, probably you assume a 6% to 7% area, depends what the asset types ultimately are. But again, we're looking at high-quality seniors' housing assets and medical office buildings primarily.
Scott A. Estes: Basically, none from our perspective. A lot of these have been in the works for a while. But again, to the operators, we, again, are comfortable with that being a realistic. It's all looking pretty good for fourth quarter closings at this point.
Scott A. Estes: We saw nice rent -- rental growth, too. I mean, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, revenue per occupied unit growth of about 3.5% this quarter.
Scott A. Estes: And my view would be about 1/2 were pretty much right in line with budget and about 1/2 are doing significantly above budget, I would say, this year.
Scott A. Estes: Same number, Tayo, as we've been mentioning. It'd be about a 9% to 9.5%, I think, yield on sale when you include the gain.
Scott A. Estes: Yes. I think the short answer is it's probably a fair run rate going forward. We did a little bit of occupancy improvement -- but again, the guys are doing a great job. The 94 occupancy is getting close to about as good as I think you can get. But I think that's a fair 1.5% to 2% would be a rough expectation for MOB same-store growth.
Scott A. Estes: We haven't given too much detail. And again, Tayo, if you look, we have very little expirations at only about 5% to 6% per year through 2016. The 24% in aggregate is pretty low. The spread is really tightened up. It's probably, what would you say, Jay, around 5% area. It's pretty...
Charles J. Herman: Sure. This is Chuck Herman. We are seeing some additional construction discussions out there. I wouldn't say the activity has noticeably picked up. But there definitely are some folks out there discussing it. Good news is that we have some pretty high barrier to entry markets that we're located in. So oftentimes, we're adding units to existing properties and really improving the quality of the assets along the way as well. So we feel we're in a pretty strong position.
Charles J. Herman: And in the end, it's all about NOI for us. It's about NOI per unit, what they can generate there. So margins may go down, but if their generating more NOI per unit, you have more valuable assets.
Charles J. Herman: We're looking at the portfolio as just that, as a core portfolio. So we're adding services where needed, adding new buildings as appropriate as well, where there's ability to enhance the relationship with some of the core health systems out there. So we're seeing opportunities throughout the entire portfolio.
Charles J. Herman: We're seeing transaction activity -- we're still seeing a lot of transaction activity. Really, it's a question of whether or not they're of the quality that we want to pursue or not. We do see a lot of SNF opportunities, I would say, more so than the private pay senior housing opportunities currently, although there's still some larger deals out there that we know are being reviewed.
Charles J. Herman: It definitely depends on the operator, but generally, most are performing very, very well. So that's the beauty of having a portfolio of multiple operators doing RIDEA and the fact that it's diversified.
Charles J. Herman: We just had some fantastic operators that are doing well hitting on all cylinders. So some are performing a little better than others, but I would say, we're very pleased with the portfolio.
Jeffrey H. Miller: I think we evaluate all of those factors. Sometimes, it's states and sometimes it's particular operators. So it really depends on the situation. In the upcoming dispositions, they are largely portfolios that we're disposing of.
Jeffrey H. Miller: As much as $500 million, depending upon a -- the amount of activity in the senior space. You have to remember, we've added so many strong key portfolio operators in the last couple of years. And as they expect to grow their portfolios and whatnot, we would expect them to grow in the amount of construction they may do.
Jeffrey H. Miller: This is Jeff Miller. We exited 2 separate ones, one for the Sunrise acquisition and one for the main co. FTC and DOJ let the waiting periods expire. So we're free to proceed with the closing.
George L. Chapman: Well, I think you pick the one -- the factor that probably is a negative to that argument. But in most cases, if you look at the demographics and you look at the relative stability of cash flows, which are being borne out, at least, in our portfolio and, hopefully, will be supported at some point with good academic research, our experience has been that they're amazingly resilient and much more stable than a multifamily. And so that's the essence of our argument, Rich.
George L. Chapman: Well, frankly, I think we have to give a lot of credit to Mark Ordan and his team in terms of stabilizing the company, taking care of problems and, largely, eliminating market risk or company risk, which was -- had become quite a large factor beyond the portfolio we were looking at it at that point. So I think it was more of a relative stability of maybe the sector, but particularly of how good a job Mark and the team has done to make the company strong.
George L. Chapman: I don't think the story's changed at all. We think that any number of the continuums are really appropriate and allow folks to age in place, and generally, they have done better. So almost everything we've done in the large markets have been some combinations of IL/AL dementia or some subset of that. So I still think they're terrific investments.
George L. Chapman: We have no problem with small SNF units as part of a continuum. We -- actually one of our investments in the skilled nursing side is Trilogy, which has a combination approach of Medicare and private pay-oriented SNFs with AL and dementia. We just think it's the appropriateness of the SNF setting in the right model that really makes a lot of sense. But to diminish our percentage of Medicaid-oriented skilled nursing, especially in certain states, made a lot of sense to us.
George L. Chapman: I think that most of the new ones we've done through development are very well thought through with the right types of complementary services. I think that some of the old ones -- older ones may need some repositioning as we look at how all of the different physician, practices and services fit together. So I think our ability to analyze the clinical integration and to make suggestions to our hospital or physician or clinic partners will put us in a position to really add that value.
George L. Chapman: I think that in most cases where we have the larger buildings, they are relatively new. I mean, the average age of our MOBs is, what, Scott, about 8 years, I believe now. So some of those are in very good...
George L. Chapman: Twelve. So in -- with respect to the new ones, it's just a continuous discussion to see how our leasing is going, how the teams are fitting together, what doctor groups either don't need the same amount of space or need more and then trying to just continuously communicate. Some of the -- any of the older ones that we would take over, I -- the health systems or the clinics are very interested in our input to see exactly what we should do to reposition it, what we should do to renovate and refurbish, add on or whatever. So I think that's -- that really is in our sweet spot, being as immersed in healthcare and where it's going as we are. So we have those and we're in distinct conversations. And we're looking to build a new building or, say, to acquire a building that are somewhat older.
George L. Chapman: I think it'll change. I don't know if considerably is appropriate. I think we're just going to be looking at the particular doctor groups, what the health system is doing perhaps in the area, what specialties they might have in a particular location around the MOB, what they're trying to do to rebrand out there. So there's just a whole very, very general discussion. So it's hard to universalize on an answer like that. But it's the kind of the discussions we have.
George L. Chapman: Well, Scott can comment on the ongoing discussions with the agencies, but I think I'd like to go back to the general point we made, both Scott Brinker and I made earlier, and that is that the most important variable in terms of doing an investment relates more to the quality of the operator, its assets and the markets where they're located. And we've been a little surprised at the quality of assets that really wanted to align interest and do a RIDEA deal. And it was, and in our judgment, compelling, even though it has increased the RIDEA components so that it'll probably be in excess of 30% at some point. We just think that much of the discussion has been somewhat misplaced, with all due respect, because it's focusing on more on the structure than the quality of the investment themselves. So we would like to keep some balance between triple net and RIDEA, but the -- and the bottom line is if we continue to have opportunities in the RIDEA area with outsized growth with the best operators, markets and facilities, we're going to continue to do that.
George L. Chapman: I think even to the extent that people perceive the matter a little differently than we do, if you look at the outsized returns we make from a RIDEA investment, we think it's more than worthwhile in terms of this somewhat larger perceived risk. And I think, Scott Brinker, you have some numbers on what would happen if we had done Sunrise on a triple-net basis, right, and on a RIDEA basis? You might remind him of those numbers generally.
George L. Chapman: I think if we go back to the thesis, Rob, and that is to -- we wanted to have the highest quality portfolio with the best operators, best markets in the country and with a lot of emphasis on the senior housing, high-end senior housing and MOBs. And we've largely accomplished that, and we're not going to dilute that through lesser types of investments.
George L. Chapman: We think that there probably are some relatively smaller investments out there that we could capture, perhaps apart from the relationships. But as we indicated, 64% of the last 12 months, rolling 12 months, would came from relationships. I, frankly, expect that number to increase after we capture the remaining Sunrise and some other independent investments. And I indicated in my remarks that I think -- if we ever get to that place called normalcy, which we keep looking for, then I think we're going to be more at the steady state $1.5 billion to $2 billion, and we'll be able to drive substantial growth in our FFO through our -- an excellent portfolio.
George L. Chapman: I think there are 2 reasons why we wanted to be there. One was for alignment. Two, we think we're going to do quite well, either long term or by taking the company public in 4 or 5 years. So we're very pleased with the investment.
George L. Chapman: I could give you some color on that for a moment. When we first met Merrill Gardens years ago, probably about 20 years ago now, the first thing that Merrill Gardens wanted to do in forming a new relationship was doing it as a joint venture, and we were not able to do that. As a relationship grew, and then we were able to do RIDEA. It was a natural for Bill Pettit and I to want do it that way, and he really believes in aligning interests. And I can tell you, too, that at least one other of the companies in our RIDEA platform has only done joint ventures, again, for the alignment. I think there's some real strength in it that maybe is somewhat overlooked in some of these debates.
Scott M. Brinker: The other thing to think about that, when we walked away from that transaction was it was right in the middle of the capital market implosion. So we had raised capital, and we were then really well positioned going forward, so.
Scott M. Brinker: We've had some good fill up of some of our assets. The rents that people are commanding are doing very well also. So there's been a combination of factors that have led to the improvement.
Scott M. Brinker: I think it will. Some perspective on our development pipeline, I would say probably 3 -- 2/3 to 3/4 of the opportunities would be in medical facilities area, I think, from the transactions that we generally look at. It's been a pretty low number. It's a nice opportunity we get some nice returns on those, I would guess, in the range of anywhere from, what should I [ph] say, $200 million to $400 million of potential starts per year is probably a reasonable estimate.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. It's probably best to think about the 6.5% as sort of forward-looking yield as of July of 2013. That's the date where we expect to own basically 115 of the 125 properties on a 100% basis. At that point, we're able to reset the management fees. There is some NOI growth built into that number from the historical period, as you would expect. But to date, Sunrise has been right on top of our expectations, if not better.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. So if you looked at, say, a quarter of NOI in early 2013, it would probably be a little bit lower than 6.5%. But by the end of the year, you're going to be right around that number.
Scott M. Brinker: I think it depends largely on the ability to continue to add the enhanced services that Genesis has been adding over the last several years. So as they do their transactions and as they grow their company, there should be some additional synergies that you would expect from an operation's perspective, and then there should be some enhanced services that should add as well.
Scott M. Brinker: I think you're more likely to see a differential between the high-quality providers and the low-quality providers. I think the high quality -- people like Genesis are going to do better certainly relative to the rest. So their margins, I think, would stay roughly the same, but they're going to outperform the types of buildings that we're selling. That's our thesis.
Scott M. Brinker: Sure. I think the answer really, George, is that you're getting at the crux of it. The perception of volatility and risk in RIDEA versus triple net is almost a misguided discussion. Again, when we're looking at the operators, the quality of the assets, clearly, in the best markets with the best operators is a part of our decision-making process. I think one important point is we would acknowledge, obviously, the pace of acquisitions has been significant. We do believe that an increasing percentage of our future investments will come from our existing relationships. So when we've had the discussions, I think, boy, the quality of our portfolio, lesser government reimbursement, greater diversity, larger assets are all things that should be favorable on the rating agencies sides. We've had our discussions with them, again, about the integration. And if anything, I think once we again show that we can successfully integrate these assets like we've done with our other portfolios, and I think we have a good shot at making, hopefully, some good headway there because the portfolio has really improved a lot.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. I mean, one thing that is important to think about when deciding whether to use a RIDEA or triple-net lease structure is that a triple-net lease requires you to share the cash flows. We're not familiar with too many operators that won't be willing to sign up to guarantee the rent, unless they're highly likely to make a large profit after CapEx. So on Sunrise, in particular, we at least thought about a triple-net lease and quickly came to the conclusion that we'd be giving up way too much of the cash flow over time and, therefore, quickly decided that RIDEA for this type of a portfolio, given it's growth prospects, was a lot more appropriate.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. The extension fee is down on a per diem basis. It's roughly $550,000 a day, and that starts in late February. But at this point, our expectation is to close in early 2013.
Scott M. Brinker: This is Scott. We're going to own a 20% interest in the management company. The purchase price was in the neighborhood of 6x multiple on EBITDA. So that gives you a sense for the return on investment. And yes, our expectation is that we're going to be a long-term owner. We like the alignment of interests and think that the platform has substantial value going forward, particularly when we think about it overlaid with our current portfolio.
Scott M. Brinker: They are similar in that we think it's important to have an alignment of interest. So in virtually everyone of our arrangements, the manager participates in any excess NOI above a certain threshold, and they also participate in any shortfall against a certain threshold. And the Sunrise contracts will be set up in a similar manner.
Scott M. Brinker: Yes. The comment was that there are certain operators that do not want to do a triple-net lease. They like the alignment of incentives that a RIDEA partnership provides, and they have plenty of capital alternatives. And that is their preference. And for the right portfolios and operating partners, we're happy to use that structure.
