John Burkart: Thank you, Shankh. Although most of my time at Welltower has spent doing the Welltower hustle, getting up every day, identifying and aggressively pursuing the opportunities that exist, focused on improving the customer and employee experience. I want to take a moment and reflect on how proud I am of the Welltower team for success in doing just that, improving the customer and employee experience, which in part is reflected by our performance. Focusing on Senior Housing for a moment, the Welltower team consists of our top operators and all of their employees, our key vendors, as well as the Welltower employees. We have all worked together to improve the customer and employee experience, which has resulted in fantastic results. On top of the industry-leading Senior Housing same-store NOI growth for the full year of 2022 of 20.1%, our full year 2023 Senior Housing NOI growth was 24.4%. Often on earnings calls, you hear the words, tough cost. That’s certainly true here. Yet our guidance for 2024 same-store Senior Housing NOI growth at the midpoint is 18%. Therefore, based on our two full years that are completed and in the record books, 2022 and 2023, and our guidance of 18% in 2024, that indicates that the three-year compounded growth of our same-store Senior Housing NOI in 2024 will be over 75%. That’s something to reflect upon. Thank you, Welltower team. Now back to our business. Our portfolio generated 12.5% same-store NOI growth over the prior year’s quarter, led by the Senior Housing Operating portfolio with 23.7% year-over-year growth. The Outpatient Medical portfolio produced same-store portfolio growth of 2.8% for the fourth quarter of 2023. This was driven by favorable operating expense management, increasing the operating margin by 220 basis points year-over-year to 71.4%. Notably, our proactive appeal process achieved favorable real estate tax reductions. The 23.7% fourth quarter year-over-year NOI increased in our same-store Housing Operating portfolio with a function of 9.7% revenue growth, driven by the combination of 5.5% RevPOR growth and 330 basis points of average occupancy gain and moderating expense growth. Expenses remain in control, coming in at 5.7% for the quarter over the prior year’s quarter. The strong revenue growth and expense control led to continued margin expansion of 290 basis points. Again, our ExpPOR growth for the quarter set a record for the lowest growth in our recorded history at 1.7%. All three regions continue to show strong same-store revenue growth, starting with the U.S. at 9.4%, Canada and the U.K. growing at 9.7% and 14.1%, respectively. The strong revenue growth in each region, combined with the expense control, have led to fantastic NOI growth in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. of 21.8%, 21.7% and 75.5%, respectively. We’re flying along with our integrated platform initiative, which will start to go live at our first operator in the first half of this year. I will not go into all the details, but I will say that our focus on improving the customer and employee experience is coming together very well. The integrations of the various modules will simplify the customer experience and reduce the labor around basic tasks, enabling our site teams to focus on what they love, our customers. More to come in 2024. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
John Burkart: Yeah. So on the -- how the numbers work, as Shankh and Tim has said for a long time, the flow through gets pretty fantastic as you get north of 80%. So when you talk about staffing up, you really have, and I mentioned this on the last call, the positions are in place. You have your head chef, you have your executive director, et cetera, et cetera. So it’s very incremental. So this arc of the curve, there’s a lot of money that comes to the bottomline as you increase occupancy. And additionally, as we’ve said, because of supply-demand factors, that’s just expected in the marketplace. We may or may not decide to spend more money on marketing to accelerate that, but the conditions are fantastic right now.
John Burkart: Yeah. Thanks, Tayo. Obviously, we’re very aware of the conversations taking place on the regulatory side. I think something that’s consistent with how we’ve talked about this in the past is, this business, the Senior Housing side, we almost entirely play in a private pay business where the delivery of a high quality product and reputation in the market is the most important driver of your business on a go-forward basis. And so, I think, there’s areas of the healthcare world where that’s not the same and you’ve got more of a captive demand audience and there’s more concern over how you may run a business. But on the Senior Housing side, what we know very well, both the good and the bad, is that the business is entirely driven by reputation. So, it continues to be the focus of ours is that, whether it’s the staffing levels, the level of care, the quality of the employees, they are what drives the business day in, day out and it’s why we spend so much time focusing on creating these sustainable models for property level.
John Burkart: Yeah. Good question. And what I am seeing is a little bit longer stays. As far as for the details of that, I don’t have that specific information, I can look to see if I can get it and get it back to you offline.
John Burkart: Great question. I -- as you know, I tend to avoid a lot of details, because everyone tends to copy things and it’s better to execute. I think what you’re seeing in our numbers, there’s real numbers coming through. So it’s not just discussing it. You’re seeing it in the output. But I do appreciate you want to get some more specifics. You mentioned frictional vacancy. We’re nowhere close to that right now. The opportunity to just literally increase vacancy without worry to -- worry or concern about frictional vacancy is there all day long and so there is really both. There’s some level of opportunities on the expenses, but that really relates to productivity, because again, as I say it over and over, our focus is on improving the customer experience, not about trying to cut anything. So to the extent there’s some productivity opportunities there, which the platform is focused at, in the sense of I mentioned last time, sometimes it takes hours to move someone in because of the paperwork and having a unified platform will solve for that and eliminate that wasted time, enabling our staff to spend more time with the with the customers. A lot of the opportunity, though, really is focused on the revenue side, whether it be increasing occupancy, because we’re just simply out executing. Frankly, we’re answering the phones and delivering that that quality customer experience that’s driving occupancy or because we’re changing the value proposition and the market says this is worth more. Hopefully that helps.
John Burkart: It’s absolutely not. It’s a financial calculation and it is not 9%. It is substantially less. So that that’s just not an option.
Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Tim. I wanted to address a few important topics before I open the call up for questions. As you may know, on November 28th, we lost my personal hero, mentor and friend, Charlie Munger. We’re deeply saddened by his death and thank many of you for reaching out to my team and me during this difficult time. Charlie was truly generous with his wisdom, continually guiding us not only on the importance of compounding, but also behaving like owners, not managers and deserving great partners by being one, and taking far less crowded high road and acting with conviction when the conditions were right. We witnessed his wit, uncommon sense, simplicity, passion for multidisciplinary running and innate ability to cut through noise and arrive at the right decision. The influence he had on Welltower, its people and its culture is truly immeasurable. His serene guidance and sage, principled advice has been invaluable to me in my life and my career. Charlie was also an instrumental influence on the members of our senior leadership team to whom he gave his greatest gift of all time, his time. We’re grateful for the time we spent in his presence. I owe him a lifetime debt that cannot be repaid, but we will carry forward his teachings in how we deal with our owners, partners, residents, employees and others. His most profound impact on us is perhaps cemented in the ground rule document that he guided me to write that you can find on our website. Moving on to a less somber topic, I want to draw your attention to some of the partners which we forged new relationship with in 2023. Beyond what we have announced so far, I want to highlight Affinity as our new growth partner. Nikhil walked you through the investment rational Affinity, but I would also like to express how excited I am to work with Darin Davidson and his team there. As we have gotten to know Darin over the last five years, he has proven to be a man of high integrity and thoughtfulness with a true compass on the future direction of how older Americans want to live. Despite adding a few handful of managers to our growth platform in 2023, our partner and geographic strategy remains to go deep instead of going broad and our consolidating roster of existing managers reflect that. In summary, I hope that the optimism conveyed by my partners today on growth prospect of our business has resonated with you. While we remain focused on the execution of our 2024 strategic and operational goals, I cannot help but draw your attention to the outsized multiyear growth trajectory in front of us, which is supported by five different growth pillars. Number one, some of it is questionably is a function of favorable demand supply setup that I think you all understand. This should only get better as we look into 2025 and 2026. Number two, a lot of my personal enthusiasm stems from the digital transformation and business process optimization that John is driving. We should start to see some fruits of his labor this year, but much more in 2025 and 2026. Number three, overlay that with the impact of hundreds of properties that we have recently transitioned or agreed to transition to better operators. I am excited about the improving resident and employee experience that is currently underway with a financial impact following soon thereafter. Number four, add our extremely targeted and disciplined growth, external growth opportunities. And last but not least, number five, our underleveraged balance sheet that which Tim just described to you. We will continue to experience further organic deleveraging, which will either support A rating or provide capacity for additional external growth. As we think about the next couple of years, we have never felt better about the growth prospects or accelerating growth prospects of our earnings and cash flow for our company on a partial basis. With that, I will open the call up for questions.
Shankh Mitra: You snuck in three questions. Let me see if I can understand or remember all of them. First is we laid out our strategy of how we see investing in the senior living space, which is high price point, very affluent micro market, high acuity product, if you will, where we provide a service that can be actually charged accordingly and hire people and pay them appropriately. So that’s one strategy. On the other side of the barbell, we went from no acuity and build out a business over the last eight -- six years, five years, six years on this wellness housing side, where it’s much lower price point, but almost no services. So it’s sort of from an acuity standpoint and that provides obviously much higher NOI margin. That’s the two business segment that we know how to do well and make money and that’s where we are. I’m not suggesting that anything in between is not something that is right or wrong or anything like that, but just not something that we’re focused on. Going back to your question, where that 60% or so margin sits in that wellness housing spectrum, I will say it sits towards the upper end, probably, the upper half, but no means and aberration, right? So you think about, I think about this business from mostly a mid-50%s to mid-60% margin business. Your last question, how has the growth has been in the wellness housing? Historically, it has been growing, I would say, mid-to-high single-digit. In 2023, the NOI growth for our wellness housing portfolio on a same-store basis has been 12.2%. In fourth quarter alone, that was 13.1%. Hope I remember all your questions.
Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Jeff, for the question. I’ll start probably with one of my favorite mongerisms, which is knowing what you don’t know is actually a lot more useful than being brilliant. So I want to make sure you understand that, we have no hubris of what we don’t know. So I’m, frankly speaking, I’m pretty surprised, for many months, I’ve been reading about this in research reports, talking to investors, that sort of this idea that if you had three -- two good years of numbers, obviously, that has to go down pretty meaningfully. Frankly speaking, I don’t personally understand that. I will tell you that we don’t know how this year is going to completely play out. We give you our best guess that Tim described to you. It is possible that we have another year of that growth rate that’s sort of similar to last two years, possible if we have a strong summer sort of leasing season, right? But I think we’re going to have many great years in front of us with double-digit NOI growth. Now, with -- whether this year, next year, this quarter, next quarter, I don’t know what chips will fall, but as we think about taking this portfolio to where it should be leased with our opinion, as we have told you, that we’ll be very disappointed if we go back to pre-COVID. There is no reason we can’t even go back to where 2015 levels were, because if you look forward next few years, you will see demand-supply has been significantly better and our platform build out should help us get well past that. We should have double-digit NOI growth for years to come. I hope that sort of answers your question. We have no hubris of sort of knowing what we don’t know. But we think it’s also this idea that, because our business has done so well for last two years, it has to go down, it has to meaningfully decelerate, it sorts of reminds me that, perhaps, we should have more humility of what we don’t know. We’ll see how this plays out. We’ll see what market gives us. Thank you.
Shankh Mitra: Jonathan, let me see if I can answer that question. We will not give guidance. Our shop is not designed to buy stuff. We only grow if we think we can grow to add value on a partial basis for existing investors. So, if that means it’s $3 billion, it’s $3 billion. That means it’s $300 million, it’s $300 million and that means if it’s $8 billion, it’s $8 billion. That’s sort of where we are. Having said that, if you look at the page seven of our slide deck, we see there’s a massive amount of loans in the Senior Housing space that are rolling. That’s just a U.S. number. We’re also seeing opportunities in both the U.K. and Canada, similar ideas and there is not enough credit in the system to reify this. So we think the opportunity set, obviously, in front of us is going to be very robust. Speaking of pipeline right now, I want to reiterate the comment that I have made in my prepared remarks. We have never been this busy in Q1. As you understand, there is a seasonality of the deal business as well, right? People work really, really hard into the year end to close out the year and Q1 is usually very, sort of, you don’t see a lot of activity, activity starts to pick up, obviously, in Q2 and then that’s obviously translated into heavy second half. And that normal seasonality, we haven’t seen, and perhaps, because of the debt curve that we’re talking about, perhaps, it’s because of another thing that Nikhil mentioned, which is the interest caps that are coming up and regional banks were nowhere to be found, right? So, in that context, I think, we’re going to have a record year again. But who knows? If we don’t see the opportunities to invest, we won’t. But the pipeline remains robust, it’s visible, it’s actionable and we can see massive amount of value creation coming through that.
Shankh Mitra: That -- I believe that the Senior Housing loan situation we’re talking about is the traditional Senior Housing product. You can, for some lender, can sort of define this as multifamily, some can Senior Housing. So, there’s no way to specifically know. We play into the mid-market segment of that active adult, the wellness housing segment. You think about there are four large players in that space that we know of is that there are others, but the four major ones that we know of, Clover, Calamar, Sparrow and Affinity, and all four of them are existing Welltower partners today. As I have mentioned before, I believe in going deep, not going broad. If we find more opportunities, we will obviously see how that stacks up against our growth potentials, et cetera, but we are definitely focused on growing our business. And I think you would say starting this business six years ago to about 25,000 units today, we’re doing a pretty good job of it. But growth for growth’s sake is something that I just can’t get my head around. Our job is to create long-term shareholder value, compounding on a partial basis what we’re after. So, we’ll see if we can do it, but I will be optimistic that wellness housing over a period of time will become a very significant portion of Welltower portfolio.
Shankh Mitra: Austin, I just want to make sure I understand your question. A lot of opportunity that we are seeing are driven by current existing owners’ credit situation, whether that’s rate caps, whether that’s LTV, whether that’s DSCR, whether that’s refi. So it’s driven by credit situations on their end. How we execute that on our end could be credit or could be equity and vast majority of what we have done is equity opportunities. But we are interested in the private credit side as an equity owner. I’ve said this many, many times that we’re just not lenders. We are owner of those properties at the last dollar basis where we’re credit stands, right. So that’s how we think about it. In other words, that we’re very comfortable taking back the keys if the buyer decides to -- the owner decides to do so. However, vast majority of our execution on our end is on the equity side, though we remain very interested for the right opportunities on the -- in the -- to play in the credit stack. However, I will tell you, we never loan against assets at a last dollar value at a given location for a product that we do not want to own. That is not what we do. So that’s something that’s very interesting for you to sort of think through.
Shankh Mitra: Yeah. Mike, so my question, my answer to Nick’s question was focused on Senior Housing development, as in what do you understand as a regular Senior Housing product. Affinity or wellness housing, these are apartments, right? These are not where care gets delivered. So that -- these are housing products. These are rental housing products. How can it be? I’ll tell you, probably if you think about it, Nikhil said, average age is eight years. The portfolio size is 25. So just call it three, four starts a year, something like that would be something that I would expect. But we don’t know, it depends on where the product is year-over-year. What the current pipeline is. But something like that can be expected over time.
Shankh Mitra: John, I’ll just add that if you look at the coming out of the pandemic, average age and acuity went up right just coming out of the pandemic and sort of first three months, six months, something like that month where we’ve seen the acuity has gone up and the average age has gone up. As we sort of things have normalized, I will say we’re hearing more and more comments from our operating partners that average age is coming down and length of stay because of that acuity is coming down, but length of stay is going up because of that.
Shankh Mitra: So, Mike, let me try to answer that question. I was just looking at this a couple of days ago. Interestingly, as we looked at the fourth quarter data is, obviously, we’re talking about the context sort of seasonal trends that we have seen in fourth quarter, specifically looking at that, both move-ins and move-outs were better. So we have seen better move-in rates, move-in trends, and we have seen better move-out trends. So that sort of both created this unusual seasonal pattern. As you have noted, not only the quarter was kind of interesting, or frankly, confounding in a positive way from a seasonality standpoint, but what happened intra-quarter was even more confounding because as you go sort of get through more deeper and deeper into winter, we see the business slows down just seasonally and this year exactly opposite happened. So what’s the reason? Just from a pure math perspective, as I said, both move-ins and move-outs are better, but obviously, we’re not projecting that in the future, but we’ll see how it plays out as we get through the year.
Shankh Mitra: Yeah. So, look, we have a very large portfolio, it’s hard to speak in generalities, and obviously, across three countries. But if you look at all of the industry data that you will see, our portfolio has meaningfully outperformed both in rate growth, as well as occupancy growth. But what’s new about that? But you can probably look at the data and others kind of decide that might get to that point. But as I said, we don’t know what the future will give us. Our -- what we endeavor, what I promise to you that will put 200% effort to outperform the market and that’s what we are trying to do. And so far, what I’ve seen, I mean, John mentioned a stat that, if we do achieve our NOI growth guidance in the shop portfolio this year, there’s no guarantee we will. But if we do, that’ll be 75% compounded growth over three years. There is -- I don’t believe there’s any precedence of that in a large broad sort of a portfolio. So we are meaningfully performing the market and that gap is widening and I think it will continue to widen.
Shankh Mitra: Let me try to answer that question. So fourth quarter, if you look at, I’m actually pretty very pleased with pricing trends. As you know, that we have a lot of the portfolio sort of radically turned through the year, right. So we have -- and so if you just look at the Sunrise situation that I talked about, RevPOR growth was up 6.8%. That’s a very, very strong number and with that kind of occupancy growth, you don’t expect that kind of numbers. But put that aside. Let’s just think about what next year’s look like and we passed the Jan 1. A lot of operators in Jan 1, a lot of operators’ sort of have moved from Jan 1 to the February 1. I think I talked about that two years ago. Just not -- just the after holidays sort of moved a little bit out of that. So just generally speaking, talk about the half of the portfolio that sort of rolling in the Q1 specifically rather than just talking Jan 1, I would say existing customer rent increases has been relatively in the same ballpark of last year, but probably 100 basis points to 150 basis points lower. This generally feels right around that level. So, if it was 10 last year, it’s 9 this year, something like that. I’m not saying don’t hold me specific. Some operators have done more than 10 last year. I’m saying generally speaking, in that range of probably 100 basis points, 150 basis points lower. And we will see what the rest of the portfolio does as we go through the year. There’s also remember RevPOR is not just a function of ECRI, our existing customer rent increases, but it’s also a function of sort of market rent, right? What that your mark-to-market and we will see, we don’t know? Usually speaking, market rent are lower in Q1 and sort of goes up from the summer months and we’ll see how this all plays out. There’s a math aside. We feel that the second part of your question, which is a brilliant question, sort of thinking about in this kind of occupancy, just call it mid-80s occupancy. What is that sort of efficient frontier pricing versus occupancy? That question is hard to answer on a conference call, but I will tell you what you are going after is a very important one, because how operating leverage, because of operating leverage, how your incremental margins work. While it is in the late 70s, early 80s, it is obvious that you should go after the rate, not the occupancy, that may not be true in the mid-80s where your optimized level could be some occupancy, some rates. We’ll see how this plays out, but we are -- we think it’s our guests as we sit here today and nothing but a guest that will be largely in the same ballpark of close to double-digit revenue growth that we have seen last year.
Shankh Mitra: Yeah. So, look, I can’t speak for others, right, clearly, right? What do I know about others? My promise to you and our fellow shareholders have always been that we will put 100% effort to outperform the market. So far, we have done it, right? I don’t think Q4 numbers will be much different and I think our hope will be that we will continue to do so. My confidence in our ability to outperform the average of the industry is widening. I think that gap is widening and my confidence is increasing. But we still have to -- this is February 14th. We have to see what the year gives us.
