Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Tim. While we ended 2022 on a positive note, it was also a year of sheer grit and perseverance from our team. As we face different challenges in our business, be it the expense pressure, development cost pressure or ProMedica, we remain steadfast in our belief that our job as stewards of our shareholders' capital is to solve problems when we encounter on this journey and not rip the band aid off and give away potential future upside to private equity -- to profit from either because, one, it is the easiest thing to do instead of working things out or two, the feeling on instant gratification as Wall Street tends to cheer such decisions. We see too many market participants mix up short-term volatility with long-term risk apartment capital loss. As our partners in the business, our investors can count on us to take tough road to deliver strongest returns we believe are achievable when we face challenges. This is evident in the build-out of our operating platform and our transaction with ProMedica and Integra. To paraphrase Mr. Munger, you can rest assured that we have a deferred gratification gene imprinted all over our culture, and we remind ourselves every day that big money is made not in buying and selling, but in winning. Lastly, I'm extremely delighted to see many of my partners recently appointed to the executive and senior management roles within the organization, developing the business fighting it together in the trenches, and I'm convinced that we have the deepest bench strength along with the longest runway as I look across the real estate space. Supplementing this talent is our unmatched data and machine learning capabilities, which allows us to efficiently and cost effectively evaluate new investments as well as reinvestment in our portfolio. In addition to our strength of our existing team, we continue to attract best-in-class talent from outside the industry who share our belief that the future of our business may look very different from the past. Simply said, we want to attract talent that comes from the industries with high standards. And to that point, I could not be happier that John has convinced Jerry Davis to join our team. As you all know from his many years in multifamily sector, Jerry has one of the sharpest operating minds in real estate. I have known and admired Jerry for 15 years and cannot be more excited to work with him and learn from him. I'm more convinced than ever that John along with Jerry will have an exponential impact and transform this industry. If you are or know someone of that operating caliber and more importantly have an outsider’s mindset from a related or frankly unrelated industry who wants to join the formidable team of J squared, please let us know. Welltower is wide open for business, not only for asset acquisition but also for talent acquisition. With that, I'll open the call up for questions.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. Jonathan, you asked a very, very good question. So, as I think about -- if your question is specific to senior housing industry, I see that -- obviously, we have most of the operating partners that want to do business which we already do business with. So expansion of new operating partners is less of a focus and going deep rather than going broad is our focus. We are looking for striving for regional density with our existing partners across the different countries, right? Now, we have, I mentioned before that we have -- there are operating partners in the business, there are operators in the business that we have admired for a very long period of time. And this is a long dating process. It takes a long time for both parties to understand how we can add value to each other, right? Capital is a commodity. Just capital, us bringing capital to an operating partner, frankly speaking, in any relationship is not enough. And for our perspective, so we bring in data analytics and other operating platform initiatives that John is doing to the equation. At the same time, we want to understand whether these operating partners are thinking about the business or where the business is going 10, 20 years from now, not where the business was 10, 20 years ago, right? There's a significant mind shift that is needed in the business. And frankly speaking, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, we need higher standards, higher standards of employee engagement, higher standards of customer service and higher standard of how we treat capital and what we -- and how we deliver results for the capital. And those are the type of operating partners and business partners that we're looking for, and we're grateful that we have a fundamentally a fantastic roster of these people to drive business with. Now going to the second part of your question, from an investment volume standpoint, I want to reemphasize, you're going to see a majority of the investment volume with existing partners as well as sort of the partners that we have already announced in the last couple of -- two, three years.
Shankh Mitra: Michael, if you think about -- different times give us opportunities for different types of product. You have seen us buy and sell every product that we own in last, call it, 7 years, 8 years under this -- under the leadership of this team, right? So, because different times, you get opportunities to buy different products at a very favorable basis. This might be the first time we're seeing across all our product type, across the three countries that we do business with, we're seeing opportunities, right? This is a very, very disruptive time from not only from debt side but also from equity side. The people who we normally compete against, right, the core funds, the non-traded REITs and others, everybody is facing very significant flow -- outflow, either because of the denominator effect that you see in pension fund world as well institutional world or some other reasons such as availability of -- not availability of debt and other situations. So, we're seeing across all product types, we're seeing very significant opportunities -- and frankly speaking, an ability to achieve IRRs that we haven't seen in some of the product types, frankly, forever.
Shankh Mitra: Mike, I was just not going to sit here and try to speculate what might or might not happen, but I will repeat what I've said before. If we went back to pre-COVID occupancy and pre-COVID margin, I will be really disappointed. If that's where we end, we'll be disappointed.
Shankh Mitra: I'll just add, Derek, one thing to that. Just as I mentioned before, we're working towards regional density and going deep and not going broad with our existing partners, right? So, think about it, I don't know, just -- you will see the future is with our select operating partners, strategic partners, we're going to have bigger density or higher density and a bigger scale in a market and with our investment in the technology platform and the operating platform with our operating partners, the ability to execute on the ground I think, again, this is going to be not only a great win for our owners, our assets, but also a great win for the select operated partners that we'll choose to do business with going forward. So, it is a very much of a focus on win-win, and that's the way business got to be.
Shankh Mitra: The forward thinking ones who are thinking about where the business needs to go 10 years from now, 5 years from now, 15 years from now, has come forward and want to participate in building out the platform together. The ones that are holding on to the notion of what the business was in the ‘90s are clearly realizing their future is not with us.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So, if you think about it, we're building occupancy, right? You know that Q1 is sort of the weaker point in the occupancy spectrum, and you build occupancy -- occupancy growth happens through spring and summer. So your occupancy build on an average basis, you get closer to sort of that Q3, Q4 level where you get a better revenue, if you will, right, sort of in that annual journey. Now, think about expenses, which are also coming down, right? So you have -- you probably have a better -- significantly better exit run rate in Q4 than Q1, right? So following both revenue as well as expenses. Think about how other situation that I've described before, I think the last call, maybe the one before, is how REVPOR builds, right? You move your rents on a bunch of people at the beginning of the year and as well as our -- for our portfolio, just call it, half and half. We also have a very large operator who moved in Q4, but just think through how that plays out. And then you chase that in-place rent through your market rent, which is also going up for the year. So, if you think about from an occupancy, from rates, from expense improvements, which is we're glad that agency cost is down from, call it, 7 to sub 4. We were very unhappy. It's still sub 4. It should be significantly lower than that. So if you think through all of the main drivers, you're going to get a much higher exit run rate in Q4 than Q1.
Shankh Mitra: John, as I mentioned, I expect REVPOR increase to be better in '23 than '22. So, that sort of gives you -- we'll see what the market gives us. But as we sit here today, we think the pricing environment is getting better.
Shankh Mitra: Vikram, I missed one part of your question. I'll just tell you that from a pricing power standpoint, this is something I mentioned in the last call that we are -- despite our average occupancy of the portfolio, call it, circa 80%, there's a significant part of the portfolio, call it, give or take, half of the portfolio, 45% of the portfolio is in that high-80s, mid- to high-80% occupancy. There, the pricing power changes to raising price because have no rooms to sell, right? So there is a dynamic that's going on and increasingly we'll get to the point as we move average occupancy for the portfolio, more and more properties within the bucket that you will get to that pricing power because, frankly, you have no room to sell. So that transition is happening and will continue to happen in '23.
Shankh Mitra: Let me try to take part of that and Tim will take part of that question. So, we do not view this as a low-hanging fruit, but we do view this as a fruit that can be plucked, right? So there's a lot of effort that's going on. Tim will tell you what's modeled. Frankly, I don't know. But I will tell you that this is -- agency labor is a function of, frankly, weak management. That's just what it is, weak leadership. And we're working with our best-in-class operators to get the right people in the right place so that we should, over a period of time, see that improvement. As I've said, coming below 4% is an achievement when you start from 9%, but by no means, I want you to think that I'm actually happy with that number. That number needs to be substantially lower. And we need to really get full-time employees in the communities. This is not just a question of cost, but also, as John alluded to, it's also a question of culture and the customer experience.
Shankh Mitra: It will not surprise me to see that we start to self manage some assets -- some IL assets in calendar year 2023.
John Burkart: Yes. I'll start and Tim may want to comment. I'm not definitely -- for clarity, not commenting on Tim's guidance. But, I think what we're seeing and what we're trying to show is the returns are already coming through. I mean, if you look at what's going on from an aggressive asset management perspective, you see that in the agency move and what the team has done, which is tremendous amount of blocking and tackling. The additional work that we're doing really relates to scaling those things. And partly why we included that in the deck is I came in and I had a view of things from my gut, you might say, so to speak. And I probed around and got confirmation, and then we started workflows and now that that's proving out, and that's what we wanted to show because that is critical. We were right. There is tremendous opportunity here. And the more I got into it, the more opportunity I see. When you look at J squared, this exponential opportunity, it's huge. My view is where I'm working right now is across the whole platform, as I mentioned, and Jerry will be able to focus in on individual items and execute highest of all levels, which will speed up our process. So bottom-line is we're already delivering numbers. It will continue for many, many years and it ultimately relates to significant margin improvement across the board.
John Burkart: Yes. I'll touch on that. So, what it means, I think the easiest way to look at it is if you just go back and read history a little bit and you look at the multifamily world when everyone kind of came together in the mid-'90s when I started -- where I was at. And what you saw is this move from fee managers to owner operators was a fundamental shift. And what I think a lot of people missed was there was a basic economics behind that. In essence, as a fee manager, you get paid a percentage, let's say, 5% to collect $1, and that means you wouldn't spend more than $0.05 to collect the dollar; as an owner operator you paid $1 to collect $1, so that's -- you would spend $0.99 to collect $1. And so that fundamental shift enabled us as owner operators to move much, much faster and changed how we looked at the world, whether it be investing in websites, technology, et cetera, or bringing things in-house, marketing in-house, et cetera. All these things enabled a tremendous improvement in margins. And that's what it ultimately means is it will allow us to step into that business and have tremendous impact on the margins. More than that, I would say, I break the business down into three components overall. There's a real estate or multifamily component. There's what I call the hospitality component, which relates to meals, housekeeping activities, and then there's a care component. And so, our various residential businesses have one to three of those parts. So, as we step in, we address the real estate as well as this hospitality component at our independent living, we'll be able to take those best practices and move those into the assisted living, which we're obviously not managing. But if we find better ways, more effective ways to deliver higher quality meal service, et cetera, that will all be pushed out through our platform, no different than what we're doing right now in our case study on revenue management, how we push that out to one of the assisted living properties. So, the same concept will apply. So, this is pretty huge, and it will impact our overall residential platform.
John Burkart: Look, I think with the new operators, we've transitioned to at least 16 operators so far. And by the time the dust settles, it will be north of 20 operators. But all these transitions have happened over the last month, 1.5-month. So, it's too soon to have numbers and performance conversations about their performance, but overall transitions have been smooth. And in the upcoming months, we'll have better data to share on performance trends. But for now, the focus has been on getting the buildings in the right hands. And as you'll see, with 16 to 20 operators that the focus has been very deep and very sharpshooter-esque where you want to find for every single asset, the right operator. So, that's been the top priority so far.
John Burkart: And I think the other thing I'll add is we just go through a lot of pain and effort to try and be the highest quality counterparty for someone to deal with. Whether it is the speed of execution, whether it is across the time frame of a transaction sticking with what we started off saying initially, the deal was, and in times like these, it just makes us the preferred counterparty. And so, there's a lot of recognition for that across the Street. And it's times like these that we really are able to shine. So, very excited about our pipeline for the year.
John Burkart: Yes. I mean, that's said perfectly. And I would just add in a sense of the speed, you can only imagine we're moving and we have been moving extremely fast to address the opportunities that we see. We'll definitely build on success. It's not exactly -- what Shankh's saying, it's not about going out and trying to control everything, it’s about creating success that drives value to all the various stakeholders. So, that's where our heads are at. And in the end, there'll be a little bit of the lag in the sense of where we spend money on G&A versus where we start to offset that because of reduced fees because we're just moving it like the multifamily, moving the property management services on to the book. So, a little bit of a lag there, but ultimately, it will offset and the improvement will be in margins.
John Burkart: Yes. No, glad to. I'm not aware of any pushback. It's not to say, of course, when a rent increase goes out, there's not a discussion. But in the sense of defining pushback as a market response to that, no, I'm not aware of that. I think, the -- our partners have done a phenomenal job of communicating the increases and the reasons behind those increases. And I think our residents understand that they don't want to see important services and care cut. They want to have what they paid for, the best of that, and we're just not aware of any issues there.
John Burkart: Yes. I mean, again, I would just say, on the value-add side, this is purely opportunistic. I mean, I just look at the world and see our portfolio is positioned so well to come with another layer of value-add opportunities because of the age of the portfolio, which are really the highest returns because the infrastructure is all in great shape. And so, you're talking about what some people would call fluff and buff, but reamenitize, enhancing the units a little bit really improving that value proposition and getting paid very well for it, very much similar to what many of the multi have done, so. But that's all enhanced the returns.
John Burkart: Yes. So, I'll comment on what would need to happen, but not necessarily the speed at which. But if you look at it, I mean, one way to look at it is really just to simplify the world a lot and to say what would happen when a company -- from my past experience, when the two companies merge, you look and say, okay, if I step into their systems and start to fly the plane with what they have, that could happen pretty fast, right? That's not that complex. And so, the timing of it could be -- can be faster if we wanted it to be faster by stepping in that way. Obviously, what -- going back to what we're building, as I've mentioned previously, we're using largely existing modules. There's some creative stuff going on right now with the team. But generally, it's existing modules that are out there. And so, that doesn't take that long either. So, the speed can go fairly fast. The bigger issue is we're focused on success, and we're focused on working with people to deliver the success. It's not about us necessarily doing it. It's about us delivering success for all the stakeholders. So, that's where my mind is at. But the speed could go pretty fast.
