Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Tim. I want to make 3 quick points before Q&A. First, despite our historic amount at capital deployment over the last few months, I'm very optimistic about the momentum into the year-end and next year. A recent prominent trend that we're starting to see that deals are bouncing back to us as buyers from buyers who need property-level financing as debt market has become very skittish after recent disruption from Delta and labor challenges while working on C3 such transaction right now. Second, with a significant rise of labor and other costs, operators are left with two choices if they were to survive as a business. Either to cut services at our corners or to increase prices.  We believe families understand from looking at prices of virtually all goods and services, from fast food to apartment rents, that there is an unprecedented upward pressure in cost. After speaking with vast majority of our operators, I can assure you that Welltower operating partners do not plan to diminish the level of services and care provided to our residents. So, for the industry in general, recent increase in expense, it would be difficult to continue to provide quality services without an appropriate balance in revenue. As such, rent levels will need to be increased.  The industry should not cut corners, and it should never lose focus on the quality of their services. Please remember the simple mantra that there is no mission without margin. Third, our frenzied pace of new hiring continues through the summer and fall for both early career as well as experienced professionals. In fact, we have added 125 new colleagues since the beginning of COVID, representing a 25% increase in our overall headcount. We're rounding up on our campus recruitment programs as we speak and are delighted that this year class will be the biggest in the history of the Company. With that operator, please open the call up for questions.
Shankh Mitra: Steve, that's a really good question. Let's talk about -- if you look at the history, you will see sequentially from Q3 to Q4, we usually have 20 to 40 basis points of average occupancy growth. We guided 440. So, if occupancy is obviously up meaningfully from that number, we gave you, what we are trying to give you is get away from this monthly, weekly numbers. We've got to run a long-term Company. But we can tell you, if the occupancy stays flat from here to the end of the quarter, we'll still hit our number.  Now let's talk about the fundamentals, not about guidance. We have -- we are seeing unprecedented level of demand and sales environment that we have never seen even this late into the year. If you look at how our October sales trends have ended and then how November has started, this is truly unprecedented. Now are we -- how are we going to protect that through the holiday season. We're just not in the business of doing that. We're running a long-term business, but I can tell you the momentum that we feel in the sales trend, which obviously translate into -- October sales trends translate into November and December occupancy. We have never seen this kind of momentum. That's all I'm willing to say.
Shankh Mitra: Amanda, we created a new slide in our slide deck. If you look at it, the inflation versus what we think our historic rate growth has been. Now remember that senior housing is not an income -driven sector, it's an asset -driven sector. Housing is obviously the primary 1, but the other things others too. That should frame what is possible from you. I will also tell you, just if you go back and read my prepared remarks, we talked about how there needs to be a price increase to offset labor increase. And you saw that that will also give you some bookends of what is possible.  Clearly, we know what the numbers are, because obviously you got to send letters 45, 60 days before, so we know what is being sent out. and the early feedback from some of our operators who have sustained obviously this entirely. And remember, we also have roles going through. Well, not the entire portfolio is [Indiscernible], so we have some early indications of as we have seen the spike of expenses and we have -- our operating partners have adjusted their pricing, how is that update, that what is behind my comment that I am very optimistic about pricing next year. But it is too early to comment. We'll talk about it in the February call. But I cannot emphasize it enough that we are very optimistic about the pricing increases. And frankly, the industry as a whole we need to do that if we need to make more revenue than expenses in this business.
Shankh Mitra: John, you're putting me in a pretty tough spot. I don't want to put a number out there, but I'm trying to avoid that. But if you look at the inflation versus rent chart that we provided, we intentionally provided that. If I were you, I would look at that. And then I would look at what that pricing power comes from, which is the housing and other asset rates and how people fund this expense. And you will get to a number, but I will tell you the industry overall, I just came back from the [Indiscernible] Conference. Industry is talking about substantial rate increases, not mediocre rating business.
Shankh Mitra: We have seen it across the board, but of different magnitude. As I mentioned the new operator that we brought in in Q3, the $172 million transaction to use zero agency [Indiscernible] And we have seen some operators where contract labor costs has gone up 10x in 6 months. I want to repeat Nick, 10x in 6 months, right? So obviously, you have seen a very different experience depending on who the operator is, but I will tell you also, all these management teams are very focused on bringing that number down significantly.  Our guidance, as Tim suggested, does not contemplate that you will see a step down in Q4, but we are already starting to hear -- as Jon said, we're already starting to hear that step down is taking place even in October going through November of the year. But we don't know what is going to happen in the holiday season. So, we're not going to sit here and speculate, right? Our goal is not to speculate on what's going to be a one-quarter number but go back to my comment, what I said, that stabilized margin of this portfolio -- I can talk about the industry. It is my firm belief that our margin will be higher than the pre-COVID margin on a stabilized basis.
Shankh Mitra: Mike, as I mentioned in the previous caution that Tim assumed that it will not improve. That's what's in the numbers of that we provided you. However, as I mentioned, that we are already starting to see improvement. The wild card here is how things play out in during the holiday season. We just don't know.
Shankh Mitra: Juan, exceptionally good question. It's actually my favorite topic. I like this topic more than even the rent increases. It is -- it's just I'm not going to mention any specific numbers. I will say -- let's just say that we're talking about X percent increase on average for the whole portfolio. From my operating partners, I'm hearing, the street level increase in the rate is between 1.5x to 2x. The Street is moving up faster than the renewal.  That's what I'm hearing from my operating partners. But we'll see how that plays out. This is a very interesting cycle that we're seeing. There has never been more focused on quality and safety. In previous cycles, if you have competed on, whether you are a new shiny penny on the corner or not, the cycle customers are focused on -- they've always focused on debt, but this cycle they're primarily focused on quality of services, quality of care, and the reputation of operators. They are not competing on price.
Shankh Mitra: So, Derek, I do not give guidance on how much transaction one to do. We're not a volume-driven investor, we're value-driven investor, that's the first point. The $5.6 billion significantly understate what that investment volume is. Just to give you a simple example, that -- what the transaction that we have closed represent the $5.6 billion that you mentioned, 25,000 units. Let's just think about it what that means. 25,000 units we have done had a $172,000 value unit pricing. In a normal environment, that would have been $10, $11, $12 billion of transaction. That's -- we got to put that into perspective.  Second, the industry remains very fragmented, and there is a lot of churn going on in ownership as people are finding it either this is -- if you are in 3 different businesses and you don't want to be in this business anymore, we're seeing as data from a lot of families. The labor pressured, obviously COVID was hard enough. Now the labor pressure challenge rising from this. And last few months, we have seen those repeat transaction that we had conversation a month ago. You recall I mentioned that when we are not getting to the finish line on a transaction, that's not because that's going to somewhere else. It really means that they're not selling.  At that price, they're not selling. And now we're seeing a lot of people are giving -- really giving up. Now remember, they can give up because we bring an operator to the table. You will not sell your real estate and continue to run it. The reason you are selling real estate that you don't want to run it. So, putting all this together, as I said in my prepared remarks, despite a significant acquisition volume, I remain very optimistic that this trend of acquisition at these kind of prices will continue finally -- frankly longer than I thought.
Shankh Mitra: First, you pick ed the right slide to talk about. We do believe that diversification will continue, but there is going to be significant consolidation in the industry. Let me give you an example. A pretty good example to talk about. One of our best operating partner is operating partner in Midwest, named StoryPoint. You've heard several times about how highly I think of this team. Before pandemic, we've got an [Indiscernible] offer at an incredible price.  So, we sold the 13 buildings we had with StoryPoint and kept 2 new developments that recently -- at that point, opened. So, a big partner we went from 13 to 2. That was 2 years ago. Today, with all the transactions that we have done and all the transaction that is in pipeline, in that 2 years, frankly, through the pandemic in the last 18 months, we are back to 50-plus communities with StoryPoint. That tells you how the winners and losers are changing in the business. The market share of great operators is changing, right? I'll give you another example. Look at how many assets Oakmont managed.  It’s a great example of a fantastic operator. Look at how many assets Oakmont managed 12 months ago, 18 months ago. And make it note on your calendar to see how Oakmont become -- has become a dominant player in California today, 12 months from now, 24 months from now. Right? This is just an example I'm trying to give you. So, you will see that shift of winners and losers, you have seen some spectacular failure of senior housing operators in the business and I can tell you those are not the only ones that you know of
Shankh Mitra: Absolutely. First, welcome to our call. We're glad to hear from you. If you think about inflation, inflation and -- most people thinking about inflation is a matter of how much not just obviously the supply side, but also the demand side and the people's ability to pay. Generally speaking, inflation is an Income concept, which obviously, as we all know, that's for most types of products and services. Senior housing is different. Senior housing is not an income-driven sector. It's an asset -driven sector. Look at that asset inflation of what happened.  Obviously, we tried to put together some slides to give you some sense of what happened to the people who are funding the residences, these expense. And you will see that asset inflation has never been more significant, aka the affordability of the product has never been better. So, I think you are onto something. As I've tried to say without putting a number, putting those 2 slides should give you a context of how much rent increases is possible, not just near-term, but over a long period of time. And frankly speaking, as I said, if you think about, we have a Bargel strategy in our portfolio.  If you go back and look at the Q4 of 19 call, This is the last call before COVID that I talked about in detail of how this barbell strategy work, where you have a high touch, high service product in the coast, our coastal type market, where you can -- where labor costs can be fully recovered and still in margin to be made. On the other hand, other side of the barbell are one that's housing portfolio, there's no labor. We have gone to that, and that diversification, we have been very, very focused and very intentional. So, between the 2, you will see a very significant inflation plus growth that's coming. That will be funded obviously to the asset inflation that already has happened.
Shankh Mitra: So, Mike, if you have to think about total rate versus real estate rates, because usually a portion comes in at a say, X level of care and then that goes up to say X plus 2 level of care. So, you've got to have to obviously think about when you say street trade versus in-place trend, do you mean just the total rate or the real estate rate? The real estate rate, if you just call it the relative component of the rent is not -- the street rates are lower. It is just that the operators are realizing that they're not competing just on price.  They e have a quality product, and that quality product people know -- I don't hear from my operating partners people are coming that I want to stay down the lane for $500 less my operating partners, so you should go ahead and do that. We're not going to -- there's a cost to provide the services, the first-class services that we provide. That's just not going to happen that you will cut it. You're not going to stay at Wisconsin for Hilton Garden's price. Nothing wrong with any of those models but that's just not the model. Right?  So, the street rate are going up because you have demand. Look at the take, what we are seeing even this kind of late into the year when you should have -- seasonally, we should have come off and we haven't. So as operators gain momentum on the sales side, they're realizing that our special product, there's a cost, obviously, of serving that piece of occupancy. And we have to charge for it.
Shankh Mitra: Very good question, Jordan. And thank you for getting 2 questions through that first time on the line. So, I'll answer both, and I hope I can remember it. Let's just try first. It's not an increased level of interest in the CCRC communities, we are value-driven real-estate investors, we saw a tremendous opportunity because of the [Indiscernible]. So, if I'd give you some details, we bought that portfolio for $195,000 a unit, and in -- with remarkable dark. So, talk about Westchester, New York, Dana Point, California, Bellevue, Washington, Alexandria. That level, that kind of dark. And then we thought what we can do with the dark. Then I mentioned obviously there is an example of the asset came with a piece of parcel that is the last residential zoned piece of land in residentially Bellevue.  When we look at a lot of CCRC, we continue to -- we always have we continue to look at, it's just we never seen this opportunity where we can do more than what we buy, not just leasing up obviously what we've done, but also a lot more what that can be done with the dot -- with the client entitlement. That's why we're interested in. As I mentioned, I will give you details of what I think that it can go from a high-single-digit and unlevered IRR to a low double-digit unlevered IRR as we execute on this. And frankly, we bought it.  That's where most of our returns have been focused on. We continue to get, call it between 9% to 12%, 13% on levered IRR, mostly transaction we have done, and the return life right there. Focused on the real estate value-add, one of the big real estate value-add that this Company tried to do is Vintage. As you are well aware of the fact that hasn't played out well for us. As I went through the experience, I realized that we didn't have the right talent. It's much more difficult to do it than obviously we taught.  And we stopped that whole focus on real estate value ad in a traditional sense of the real estate. As you know, John has done this for billions of dollars of transactions and executed based on that strategy. So, when we're talking to John, going back a few months ago, that's something that came up and now, obviously, John is the marched into that portfolio, and he is obviously one of the most important member of our investment committee.  So those opportunities we're now ready to really expand on and really execute on. It also as to what I mentioned, that we have built an extraordinary development team over the last 18 months under the leadership of Mike Ferry. We brought in Mike over a year ago and he has built a very large team. And so those are all thoughts that are all coming together. But it's a skill set we didn't have, and now, we do have it.
Shankh Mitra: Fantastic. I would highly recommend you go back and read the script, and you will see that we have detailed that out in our prepared remarks as well as in the other -- answering other questions. But I'll try to summarize it. First, you have to understand the confluence of factors having. Just purely focused on the labor side in the quarter. You people didn't travel for 18 months. And then that's the first time you've got a lot of PTOs being taken and that what caused a very significant demand because our operators provide PTOs, right? So, you've got a significant surge of that.  That's sort of understands our one aspect of what happens, 2), you got one extra day in the quarter. You get paid by obviously daily basis, but you get revenue in most cases on a monthly basis, that's second point. Third, you have to understand that when -- because of the rise of COVID, people are extra cautious. There's a reason there is no COVID in the communities. You've got sniffles and you called in and you should have called in.  But at that last moment look at the spike of the COVID through the quarter, majority of the we got obviously problems in July, but then we got a massive spike as you followed the COVID curve through August and September. We're on the other side of that, right? That's why if you put all of this together then obviously follow the opt-in state versus opt-out state comment that John made.  You'll understand it's not a question of optimism, we're actually seeing it. That we're on the other end of it. But only time will say, obviously how that exactly plays out, how much time that takes. But if you follow all these comments that we made, you can put together that picture pretty clearly. Nice, I would just add, if you look that compensation was Basis points year-over-year. So, to your point, occupancy a bit down still seeing compensation cost up, there is real base wage inflation. But the driver of that 4.1% year-over-year expense growth, the lion's share of it is being driven by agency.
