Tom DeRosa: Thanks, Tim. We were pleased with our first quarter results, predictable and right on-track characterize this quarter. Words that may sound boring to some but speak of the stable growth that an A quality premium portfolio of healthcare real estate assets provides. The effective new supply hardly coupled with little differentiation in cap rates for A versus B assets has made us a net seller of senior housing assets this quarter. We have taken that capital and redeployed it behind the Welltower family of operators and reduced the leverage to historic low levels. Welltower's senior housing presence in dynamic metro markets on the eastern west coasts, as well as in Canada and the UK continue to provide a significant competitive performance advantage. We continue to reinvent the way we run our business with a focus on integration, efficiency and data. This contributes to continued decreases in our G&A costs. You see, we look to model the most successful growth companies of tomorrow and not bloat it [ph] inefficient structures of yesterday. Our unique focus on investing only in premiums assets has given our senior housing operators crucial pricing power and resilient organic performance that tells a very different story from national trends. Our leap year adjusted RevPAR was up over % despite a number of issues seen in Q1 like elevated and prolonged flu [ph]. Shankh and Mercedes will offer more detailed comments on senior housing supply but we are hearing that non-recourse construction financing is more limited than we've seen in years which may dampen the speckle of building we've seen in many markets. This leads us to believe that supply issues that have been impacting the senior housing industry may in fact start to moderate. Mercedes will offer some comments on the investment environment but I will say that today discipline is a hallmark of our investment strategy. There are many lessons learned from the asset aggregation period of our past that today guide how we deploy our shareholders capital. We will continue to refine our portfolio by shedding non-core assets where we do not see an adequate return on CapEx dollars, and reinvest that capital in a next generation of our senior housing assets that will become an effective partner to the major health systems in the top markets in which Welltower is concentrated. Now over to you Mercedes.
Tom DeRosa: Thanks, Scott. So let's talk about the deal of the week. We were quite pleased to see the excitement generated by Duke's decision to sell its medical office portfolio. In our almost 50 years in this business we have never seen such enthusiasm for healthcare real estate. Should we all be surprised? No. Revisited data indicates the value of hospital and medical office real estate in the U.S. to be $1 trillion. And by the way, 82% of this real estate is owned by health systems and physician groups with only 10% held by REITs and 8% by institutional investors. Over $600 billion of that is attributable to hospital brick and motor and the balance is MOBs. You should know that the majority of this hospital real estate was built around a fee for service model; so if it takes 10 days to fix a hip fracture, the hospital submitted a bill to the payer and got its cost reimbursed plus the margin. That model requires lot of real estate. Today however, we are moving to a value based model; if it takes you 10 days to fix a hip but the payer will only reimburse the hospital for the equivalent of a two-day stay, the hospital must eat those 8 days. As the focus increasingly shifts to outcomes, underperforming hospitals will be under further pressure. You should not be surprised that 52% of U.S. hospitals lost money last year. Like many malls, strip centers and suburban office; much of the hospital real estate in this country is obsolete and health systems are looking to evolve their real estate footprint while they invest heavily in other areas like technology. The shift in patient demand is being reflected in real estate demand as spread between hospital cap rates and MOBs continues to widen. A new generation of outpatient medical real estate connected to lower acuity settings like senior housing and modern post-acute care needs to be built in order to facilitate the transition to value-based healthcare. This is a huge opportunity, perhaps the most compelling opportunity the real estate industry has seen in decades. So the enthusiasm for Duke's healthcare asset is yet another indication that we are finally being recognized as an institutional investment class. If only a small portion of the 82% of this real estate transitions to REITs and other institutional investors, it's tens of billions of dollars investment opportunity. No company is better positioned than Welltower to take advantage of this opportunity, so stay tuned. Now Holly, open up the line for questions.
Tom DeRosa: Yes, you know, it's still very early to tell. I think some of the proposed rhetoric that was coming out from CMS was initially seemed to be taking as negative. Actually it could easily be positive, I think it's just we have to stay tuned. You know, I come back to the fact that we need to move to lowering healthcare costs and improving outcomes. The real estate footprint that I just talked about is limiting the ability to reduce costs in healthcare delivery and I think the proposal for the repeal of Obamacare is very much focused on improving outcomes reducing cost and doing that by increasing competition. And I do believe that this should drive more of this hospital real estate to shut down. We cannot afford to keep the lights on in hospitals that are continuing to lose money in this country and I think that's going to drive a lot of senses to other lower acuity settings like post-acute care and seniors housing, and medical office buildings which really will become primary sites of care versus the traditional acute care hospital.
Tom DeRosa: So Josh, I would say that our investment strategy is very much built around our operators. These operators are largely concentrated in major market but because they all share a focus on the premium part of the market, there are many smaller markets, you mentioned Rawly [ph], Rawly is a fantastic market, it is a high growth market, it behaves like a major metro market in a state where there -- it is not easy to build because North Carolina is the certificate of need state [ph]. So we are not red lining some of the smaller markets, particularly in the South or even in the Midwest because there are towns, whether it be Michigan or Madison, Wisconsin that behave a lot like the types of major markets that the same drivers in terms of job growth and population growth are seeing in some of these smaller markets. So in summary Josh, I'd say, we're focused about the deploying capital behind the partners. If there are partners that do not have that focus, those are likely the assets that you have seen us sell or will sell in the future. And we will again continue to be laser focused on deploying capital into markets where you see positive demographic factors.
Tom DeRosa: Michael, we are -- we look at our portfolio over the long-term and we're always trying to be in front of where we might see changes in a market that might impact performance. So it's hard to tell you that -- to give you a specific number, we're also opportunistic. If someone is willing to pay us a cap rate on assets that for a variety of reasons maybe very strategic for them but are not so strategic for us, we'll take advantage of that. So I often say both in my personal life and in my business life, real estate is always for sale. So I think you have to be opportunistic and I think over the long-term I think that protects the shareholder.
Tom DeRosa: Well, we were certainly interested in that portfolio; I think everybody was interested in that portfolio, they ran a very competitive process. I don't really know any other details Rich regarding who was in the process but there must have been lots of players to drive the price to where it eventually settled. And I think that's a positive for our industry and this property type.
Tom DeRosa: We've never seen cap rates at that level. And if cap rates have been at that level, they've been situations that we have not participated in.
Tom DeRosa: And I would say that it is -- it's our strategy in the future to build our medical office, outpatient medical business through the relationships that we have formed with the major health systems. So as we keep telling you, stay tuned for that, we don't have anything to announce to you today but the -- those relationships we believe will bear fruit overtime and we'd rather build our asset portfolio in that way than in participating in major marketed auctions, whether that would be in the senior housing space and you know you've not seen us build our senior housing asset base through auctions, we've done it through our relationships and that's what we're trying to duplicate in the outpatient medical business.
Tom DeRosa: Well, the UK had some structural costs increases as you know. Shankh noted the National Living Wage which has been escalating quite quickly although it has started the temper, and because of that the whole industries had to push pricing up; and that pricing industry-wide has obviously stuck across the industry. We're very luck that we're very highly privately pay focused, so we're in a business to consumer market in some ways rather than some of our peers operations which are receiving large amounts of government reimbursement, on average the private sector has been pushing rate in the UK between sort of 4% to 6% per market rate; and I'd say that's sort of the average for our partners as well in the market.
Tom DeRosa: So Juan, I think as Bryan stated, we're going to continue to look to invest in the next-generation of post-acute care assets whether that will be with Genesis or maybe there will be some other operators that are bringing this next-generation of post-acute care to the market. It is very clear to us, because of the amount of time we spend with the major academic and superregional health systems that this is an area that is keenly important to them, and so we are working with these health systems to try and refine the infrastructure that post-acute care can be delivered in effectively. It's always going to be a volatile space to be in and we want to make sure that we can continue to invest albeit never going to be a big piece of our business. But invest in a way that we will be getting an adequate return on the capital that we will deploy towards this space.
Tom DeRosa: Well you know we have 17 RIDEA operators in our portfolio. You know you hear us use this term the Welltower family of operators. You know Tayo, I think we have a pretty strong bench. There will be on the margin, you saw us add a new operator to that group last year. I think there maybe a few left, but we are focused on putting capital behind this very skilled group of operators that have dominant positions in the markets that are important to us. So, I wouldn't see us -- I would doubt that you will see us 25 operators next year.
Tom DeRosa: So, Jordan, if you are buyer that needs to find assets in auctions, this was the action of all auctions in the MOB space, because we don't know of another portfolio of that size diversity that is available. It's hard -- it's not on our radar screen. When I said stay tuned Jordan, it goes back to a point that I made on another question. We will build our medical office portfolio organically, which means that we're not sitting waiting for some big portfolio trade, not to say if one comes out, we won't be hanging around the hoop. But I will tell you that, we believe that the major health systems that we have aligned ourselves with across our business. We realize they cannot own all of their real estate for the long-term. You heard me talk about that 82% of this real estate is still owned by these health systems. They have significant capital needs for example in technology that will allow them to remain competitive. If they don't invest in technology and continue to sit there and think they need to own all of their real estate, they will become less and less relevant. So, we believe that we will mine medical office investments and development opportunities through the same way we've done it in the senior housing space, by picking our partners and being a trusted partner. I moderated a panel last month at a research conference, where I brought not only Chris Winkle from Sunrise assisted living, but also Mark Shaver who is head of Strategy for the Johns Hopkins health system. And actually Mark looked at the audience and said, I have to tell you, we own too much real estate and you know you haven't seen -- you probably haven't heard, someone at that level publicly state that. And basically said, and like you will see Tom owning some of our real estate at some point in the future. I think that's the way we're going to grow this business and it's important that their medical office footprint is going to be connected to our senior housing in post-acute care portfolio. That's the future of this company, that's why I am so excited about our business. I think this is one of the biggest opportunities that the real estate industry has seen in decades. So, that's why I say stay tuned. I don't have anything to announce to you.
Mercedes Kerr: Thank you, Tom. I will start today by describing our first quarter 2017 investment activity and will follow with some market perspectives, as well as an update on our value enhancing initiative. During the first three months of 2017 we completed $217 million of new investments, all with existing Welltower partners including new perspective senior living and Avery Healthcare. These follow-on transactions consist of recently constructed buildings and include a $104 million of new acquisitions, a blended yield of 6.4%. We also faced nine development properties into service during the quarter with a total value of $186 million and a yield of 7%. Our ability to add recently constructed assets to our portfolio at attractive stabilized fields is especially valuable given our disposition strategy. As you heard in the first quarter, our dispositions totaled $1.1 billion and yielded 6.6%. These dispositions included a combination of loan payout, outright sales and the completion of the previously announced monetization of a 75% interest in 11 Brookdale assets into our Cindat/Union Life joint venture for $268.5 million. Scott Estes will describe our uses of proceeds in more detail. To echo Tom's opening comments, Welltower's investment in dispositions this quarter highlights our disciplined capital allocation and spending. On the investments front, we're pursuing earnings in NAV accretive opportunities which are often off-market while at the same time we're careful to reject those deals that don't offer adequate risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. Our disposition strategy is designed to improve portfolio quality while selectively capturing the benefit of buyer demand and attractive market pricing. Speaking of market pricing; this fair to say that cap rates remain aggressive, especially for widely marketed portfolios. Our focus on all markets deals and repeat business throughout our operator partnership keeps us mostly out of that fray but as owner, we are observing these trends with great interest as local and foreign institutional investors growing appetite for healthcare assets with a premium on quality portfolios like ours. Regarding new supplies, we continue to monitor changes in occupancy and other operating metric which may result from new competition. But we remain optimistic about our portfolios resiliency and are encouraged by the slowing in construction financing and starts of recent quarters. As you know, starts peak in the third quarter of 2015 are continuing to moderate. Non-recourse construction financing have become scarce in the last six to nine months and spreads have widened 50 to 75 basis points along with the increase in LIBOR. This has resulted in an all -- in a cost increase of as much as 150 basis points. While starts data is volatile from quarter to quarter, we continue to believe that we will see a dampening from construction cost increases as we look into the second half of the year. In addition to anecdotal and evidence of these trends, the year-end seniors housing industry report published by CBRE has detailed discussions on the topic for anyone looking for more color. I want to end by sharing a few examples of our most recent asset management initiatives. First, we're helping operators implement industry leading systems to better match staffing levels to current census and acuity, and to improve billing accuracy for the services provided. These tools are tailored to fit each operating platform and should have a meaningful impact on revenues. On the expense side, we have previously talked about our savings resulting from group purchasing of property insurance. We're now looking to expand into other products such as health and wellness benefits coverage. And finally, we're leveraging our outpatient medical teams experience to produce maintenance expenses in our seniors housing communities. These projects use to scale and the intellect of the Welltower platform to drive sustainable improvements and cash flow. We're excited about the possibilities that we will post to you on progress. Now I'm going to turn the call over to Shankh who is going to discuss portfolio performance.
Mercedes Kerr: Sure, this is Mercedes Kerr. The conversations that we're having with John Hopkins Center are primarily around two topics; research and collaboration, clinical collaboration and both of those conversations are actually very active and starting more tangibility well with respect to the kinds of projects or specific implementations that we might seek to collaborate on together. So we're working on the research project that we've talked about before having to do with outcomes and quality measures and indicators for seniors housing, as well as a collaboration primarily, and some of the markets that they are expanding into for example, DC. So nothing particular that I can share beyond that today but just I suppose giving you a little bit of comfort around the fact that this is -- lead publications are really going in the right direction and turning more tangible projects for us together. With respect to other health systems, the same is true. Conversations that were a little bit more general or conceptual in the past year let's say are now turning into much more specific tangible opportunities that we are pursuing and we hope to have something to talk about yet this year.
Mercedes Kerr: No. You know, we're not -- we're setting as we go to -- supposed to with respect to development, we see a lot of opportunities, especially from our existing operator, and there are some certain operators that grow more specifically through development, others grow through acquisitions and so I don't see any radical changes with respect to our approach there.
Mercedes Kerr: Yes, and the one thing that I would add to that is; some of the conversations that we're having with health systems do center around development. It's not the bulk of it but there will be some element of that and those are conversations that we are driving, and they will potentially in seniors housing as a component. But my point is to say that we are actually on the forefront of being proactive and trying to select our markets and select our partners and so that -- you know, on one hand we're receptive and responsive to our operators and on the other hand we're also trying to help guide the conversation with the data and other relationships that we can bring to bear.
Mercedes Kerr: Yes, I guess let me add a little bit to that and we've been successful in acquiring at more favorable cap rates, let me put it that way and with respect to this portfolio, I mean I would tell you I think it's -- there were a lot of overlaps with ours and certainly we were very interested both in terms of market concentrations, as well as tenant roaster. It's probably the second best portfolio out there after our portfolios of medical office buildings, and so we were very keenly interested. But there is a point where naturally it needs to make sense to our shareholders and we need to know that it will be accretive. And considering that we have a very successful property management platform which tends to operate at a far higher margin frankly than just an anything we've seen out there comparatively. You know, we thought that we did a good job of underwriting it and then remaining disciplined about it.
Mercedes Kerr: No, I have to -- this is -- I'll speculate a little bit, but I'd have to tell you this, this is prime where the exception in the rule there. Frequently conversations is based you know that are responsive to the market for example we might take some units in a building convert them to memory care. If we decide that there is a lot of demand that should be met and that we could get a nice return on that sort of conversion dollars that we invest in a property, things like that are happening frequently. But to have sort of whole clause changes when you are taking a portfolio and converting it from assisted living to independent is not a common -- I have not seen that happening in any widespread way at all. And we don't expect for it to happen.
Mercedes Kerr: By age, by occupancy, by operating margin, by retention by the tenant rosters, so on just about every mark that you might be thinking about when you consider outpatient medical portfolio we outrank.
Mercedes Kerr: We talk about affiliations too. Be careful with that, it's affiliated or not affiliated, you should care about and our portfolio is 95% affiliated with health systems.
Shankh Mitra: It's Shankh, I will just add that if you look at -- you know, if your question is specifically about we filling the void for the construction lending, as you know we're not a lender, we have no ambition to be a lender but we do think that finally the construction cost are going us. As Mercedes said, with LIBOR also on the spread; so that's something very interesting, we observe the cost are going up, recently we heard from a big bang that one of the constructional loans which was priced at LIBOR plus 300, they could not syndicate it. So we're pretty excited about what is -- the industry is going, you know, there probably have been too much development that should not have happened but were they excited where the industry is going and we will find opportunities like we have seen in New York where its core development and we'll continue to pursue those.
Shankh Mitra: Josh, it's Shankh. So if you think about expenses, roughly half of the expenses are fixed and half of the expenses are floating, right. So only that portion of the expenses which you have floating labor cost and others are food, that will only be impacted but if you have a fixed expense category, that will not be impacted. On the revenue basis obviously, we're only -- remember, we're only looking at the 29th day of February last year, and if you charge on a per DM basis, you have a revenue. So if you charge on a monthly basis, you have no difference. So it is only impacted some operators that charge on a per DM basis on the revenue side and on the expense side it's only impact the cost of the expense category.
Shankh Mitra: Yes, because where do you see the most impact at higher there as to entry market like Boston and New York, that's why the rates are much higher. So when you get that operator in those -- in New England and New York market, where you have one higher extra grade, that impacts the overall report than if you just compare to our overall portfolio, it's not just those markets. For example, I told you -- New York report was 5%. So you have one day of change in New York where you have an operator who charges on a per DM basis you have a much bigger impact.
Shankh Mitra: Michael, that's a very good question. So as we mentioned Genesys had some purchase options and is that to echo as [indiscernible] from our portfolio that expired on March 31 and we're pretty excited because their purchase options were priced at a certain cap rate and the cap rates on those assets have come down significantly from there when we exercised those when we struck that deal. So what happened because of this Genesys credit as you know has significantly improved in last nine months, so -- and that happened obviously a month ago, we are currently negotiating three term sheets with various buyers, so we're hopeful that you will see further reduction in Genesys concentration as we go to through this year but more to come on that, stay tuned.
Shankh Mitra: It's in the negotiation phase, too early to comment but definitely as I said, stay tuned, there will be more to come on this topic.
Shankh Mitra: Rich, that's a very good question. So if you think about when we said last year, last call about flattish occupancy, we talked about the entire year, not Q1. So Q1 -- if you think about, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks; Q1 same-store NOI growth for the shop portfolio is actually higher, not lower. So what is the difference? First thing is the revenue growth -- it is underwhelming as you said for sure but if you look at the revenue growth, it's actually higher than most peers I believe. So we've got slightly lower occupancy but we got much better rates, and we are -- we have no desire to decrease same-store idea guidance for the year, we do not change the guidance quarter to quarter on different segments but I think we're trying to tell you we are more excited, not less, about that particular business and as we throw -- think about the entire year.
Shankh Mitra: Vikram, I think that's a great question. As I said, one quarter does not make a trend, I will tell you that not only the occupancy was better in AL but also the revenue growth was better in AL. So do we have -- does that mean that we have a better preference for AL versus IL today? The answer is no. We have preference for best quality real estate in the best market run by best operator, and that wherever we find that opportunity, whether it's IL versus AL, we do not think about that any differently; it depends on that particular asset in the particular sub-market run by the particular operator and we think about a lot of -- sort of supply ways coming. As you know, as marked into [indiscernible] as we have for IL today, and we love independent living as a business, absolutely love it. It is a relatively more cyclical business and we have to think about that as we -- you know, in particular time in the economy which is essentially at full employment, so we do think about that. And the other point I would tell you is, despite all of the talk of the supply, our AL portfolio is in very, very good markets and they are need-based products; so obviously the care component of it, we cannot overemphasize that what's the importance of operators in this business. So we're seeing some -- starting to see some differentiation but it's too early to comment.
Shankh Mitra: Tayo, it's Shankh. Your definition of soon may not exactly match with our definition of soon you talked about. We talked about you know emphasize on medium to long-term, that's questions number one. But I will give you some numbers where I want you to focus on -- focus on not the whole industry, but our portfolio. So, if you go back and calculate quarter-after-quarter, we give you a three-mile, five-mile sort of radius and how it impacts our portfolio right? Let's just talk about a broader picture 5-mile. In Q3 of 2015, our total NOI that was impacted by supply was $83 million. That was the total. It peaked in Q2 of 2016 at about $90 million and today that is $73 million. So, I'm talking about just our portfolio. You saw a spike up and now it's coming down. So, you know we can sit here and talk about the NIC data and how that all relates to the whole industry. Obviously, you know we share enthusiasm for our sector, but we are particularly talking about how our portfolio which we think will do better.
Shankh Mitra: And I thought we have always been very selective. So, we're not -- you know particularly selective now. We have always been selective and that's not changed.
Shankh Mitra: So, Chad I think you have two question, one is not -- quarter OpEx was actually pretty favorable. It's pretty inline to what we expected. So, I'm not sure you know what are you thinking behind that question. It's pretty inline what would be expected is the same issues we have faced. Labor remains and issue, however we expect as we said, we're seeing it moderating and U.K. has an impact as John Goodey talked about. So that sort of one thing. I yelled, there was no specific, we saw a favorable revenue trend in AL versus IAL, but we saw a favorable expense trend in IAL versus AL and that's what drove the NOI difference in those two property types.
Shankh Mitra: Outpatient medical has been relatively very steady performer. It continues to produce a very favorable and predicable growth for us. I mean quarter-to-quarter things change, but we don't see massive change in that portfolio.
Shankh Mitra: Michael, its Shankh. So, as you know we do not update our guidance on a quarterly basis for different segments of the business, but you heard me right, that 0.9% which we reported as the growth is comparable to 1.5% to 3%. So, Tim, I think cleared that and we are more excited about that segment of the business because of the first quarter beat that we had relative to our expectations. And it's driven by Tim Lordan said, it's driven by what we see in the rate trend as well as the expense trends.
Shankh Mitra: It was, if you think about on a country basis, it was largely in line with our expectations and we expect U.S. to perform as we look through rest of the year. Again, I would recommend to you one thing obviously we're excited about our U.S. portfolio, we think that performance will get better, but as we want you to think about our whole portfolio, not just parts of the portfolio because different parts of our portfolio came together purely because our strategic allocation, capital allocation decision is right. So different points in the cycle, you will see different countries will react differently. IL and AL will react differently, but that's how we think about our capital allocation as a portfolio rather than one particular product type or one particular country.
