George Chapman: Jay, as Scott indicated, we're not giving a guidance. We continue though because of the relationship financing program, investment program to see all the deals that are out there. We're seeing probably more senior housing opportunities right now than say medical office buildings or hospitals or the like. And in terms of what we think we will do, it all comes down to the quality of the operator and the quality of the portfolio. We're reviewing a number of opportunities right now but we're not really going to say much more than that at this time.
George Chapman: We're going to be reporting growth and as a part of the four operating senior housing operators. And we're probably not going to give that much specific detail on each one of our senior housing operators every year until we maybe refine our methodology for doing so. But both Brandywine and Benchmark have a very attractive occupancy right now. They've done a great job during the downturn. They have several percentage points of opportunity to grow occupancy and they certainly have some real pricing power in a very tough area to build in and to develop in. So Scott, do you want to add anything to that? We're very pleased about Brandywine and Benchmark. We think that these are some of the best operators in the country, with some of the best assets in very tough markets and we're looking for a real significant growth there. Our approach to the four though is that we're going to be able to grow our operating platform more in the 5% to 6% range annually and they're certainly going to be great contributors.
George Chapman: Yes, we frankly hope they will. Our expectation would be that they would be able to convert in three years or perhaps even sooner, depending on what the circumstances are and how Brenda and her team sees the opportunities. Certainly, we talked in the past about 25% to 30% or so, perhaps our sort of steady-state RIDEA platform. And at this point, I would think that, that would be appropriate.
George Chapman: What was the question, dispositions? We really have -- we undertook a process about four years ago when there were -- we are all focused on liquidity. And it was an opportune time to sort of jump start the disposition process that would otherwise take seven to eight years. So we're getting toward the end of any dispositions, for example, relate to more stand-alone Medicaid-oriented skilled nursing facilities and we have some loans that are due to be repaid this year and next that we have talked about it at undue length in previous calls. So, I think we're getting toward the end.
George Chapman: As you point out, we're doing about $5 billion. We did $3.2 billion last year. We've announced $1.3 billion this year and we frankly think that the pipeline is probably going to refill and it's probably going to be oriented a bit more toward senior housing as I said earlier than the medical facility side. But I would point out we did $1.2 billion in the medical facility side and all of the noise and whatever about how well we did in senior housing, I'm real pleased about John's group and what they've done. But I think it sort of remains the same. We're just not in a position right now to tell you it's going to be another $2 billion or $3 billion or whatever the number is. It's a little hazier today than it was going into the second half of last year.
George Chapman: I think that's probably an upper range. And the talk about development about two years ago, when the markets sort of fell apart and we had higher than normal development. This is where we tend to be in our development pipeline and most of those will be in a substantially pre-leased and medical office buildings with great systems or some outpatient facilities connected to, related to, affiliated with the really good health systems, as well as some senior housing generally as part of a master lease. So, we will do development. We're geared up to do it. It's particularly important in the health system arena where they have to develop new medical facilities that are appropriate for the customer and are appropriate for the outpatient nature of procedures today. But I think that's right. 6% to 8% is probably the high end.
George Chapman: Rich, Chapman here. I already mentioned that, that 6% to 8% is probably at the high end but we do view development as a particular opportunity that will even lead to monetization of existing assets with the great health systems. And there's clearly a need for a more customer friendly facilities, outpatient and otherwise, in the medical facilities area. And then from time to time, given the demand supply components, if we can add a very good senior housing asset into an existing master lease with one of our top partners, we will do that. But you should be looking at that range, 6% to 8% going forward.
George Chapman: I think that we're gearing up. We have already geared up to manage our company, which is much larger and more complex than it used to be and appropriate for a Health Care REIT going forward. We are adding to our RIDEA team. We are very capable of running all of these new investments and adding value to our RIDEA and other partners. So, I don't think that is a constraint but we are only going to do projects that really makes sense to us. And I just can't predict, Rich, whether we're going to find a number like we had last year or we're going to actually not even have the same type of year that we did last year. It's just difficult to say. We didn't go into last year thinking what we we're going to do is $3 billion necessarily. But because of the pent up demand, I guess, for financing and the need of private equity firms that were approaching their front lines [ph] (0:43:33), we had just a wonderful opportunity to move forward and do more projects with our ongoing partners and to add several more and to move to a RIDEA structure. So we're just going to have to wait and see.
George Chapman: I think we can. I suspect that at some point, when the three REITs that seem to be growing most quickly get to 20% or 25%, it's going to be more difficult to grow at 6% to 7%. It might be 4% to 5% but you have to look then at the risk-adjusted return to people. So I sort of view the perceptions as changing over time as some of the larger REITs get much larger. But we have a lot of very good transactions we can pursue and we're looking forward to it.
George Chapman: I think Scott made the point very precisely in his comments that we see a balance between triple net lease portfolio and the operating portfolios being very appropriate and that it is just one more way in which we can diversify and provide a better risk-adjusted return to our shareholders. In terms of the particular risk, we have done business with Merrill Gardens and Silverado for almost 15 years now. We've been their partner. We know what they do and we know how they do it and we think we're going to be right on top of those. And as you look at our good friends at Brandywine, Benchmark and Senior Star, who we have been involved with in the industry forever, we think we have best-in-class operators and think that the risks are minimal and very manageable and that our returns, which will be greater than the normal triple lease, more than make up for it.
George Chapman: Nine. Then we can move those ahead at 50 bps increasers for the next several years and I don't want people to model more than that until the economy really gets going. And then the entrance fee communities, will be the greatest beneficiaries of a faster growing economy.
George Chapman: And we do think that the Senior Star portfolio could have one of the highest growth rates in the NOI side. So we're very much looking forward to doing a lot of business with Bill and Bob Thomas going forward.
George Chapman: Typically, it's a 3-mile to 5-mile radius. We do a pretty good job though working with our operators to make sure we're not going to be competing with ourselves. We have a great ongoing relationship with these folks. We know exactly what the development plans are. Where they’re looking to acquire. So we feel pretty comfortable with that kind of number.
George Chapman: It's a function of licensure transfer and debt assumptions. That's what's driving those issues. We've come to all agreements. We're ready to move forward with the transaction.
George Chapman: Some of the sellers were larger private equity folks that were looking to monetize. That was the case in a couple of instances, in most of the instances. The other was the management team looking to recoup some capital and then have a platform to grow additionally. So, those are the two main reasons.
George Chapman: Tayo, what we've been building the last two or three years is a full-service platform and it's working, and it allows us to invest across the full spectrum of healthcare. And to do what's necessary to be a valued partner, i.e. in the medical office and the medical facilities area, being able to do property management, do planning for health systems, do development if necessary. In senior housing, we've added a lot of people because we have larger partnerships in the RIDEA structure or perhaps much more of a true partnership and the need to get on the ground and really be a help. So I think what would keep us up at night would be just that. Do we have the right infrastructure and the right people in place? We're continuously looking at it. As you look at our employee base, it is right now, we are 250 employees. I think we've done a pretty good job at being proactive. But as this very large investment opportunity continues, we're just going to have to keep working to enhance our capabilities. That's what I think my job is, is to make sure that we're in a position to handle all of these investments and to be a good partner in the RIDEA structure specifically, but also the health systems and our ongoing operators as well.
George Chapman: I would just add that we appreciate your participation. Good questions. I think this relationship investment strategy is working. It's driven a very disciplined growth platform and we're looking forward to producing very strong FFO and FAD that should translate into a very good shareholder value in the future. So, thanks very much.
John Thomas: Just to add to that, this is John Thomas. We have looked at opportunities on both coasts in the core life sciences corridors and we expect to grow that when we find best-in-class assets located near universities and core tenants. So, we expect to grow.
John Thomas: Yes. This is John Thomas. That's correct. We got a very low rollover this year and next. So that's consistent with 2010 on those numbers.
John Thomas: This is John Thomas, again we don't have a lot of roll this year, so most of that is coming from the built-in increasers and we're tightly managing the expenses and frankly lowering our costs, particularly on property taxes and energy costs. So it's a lower year and there's still is some rate pressure out in the market. So that's the tie together.
Scott Estes: Yes, James. I think I just said, my answer to your question would be really no. There's nothing beyond just the infrastructure improvements that we really begin as we've embarked on this initiative to grow the portfolio very significantly, really beginning in 2010. And obviously, going in continuing into 2011. Obviously, moving from roughly $6 billion in assets now to pro forma in excess of $10 billion, we've started, as George mentioned, staffing for the growth beginning probably middle of 2010 and when you kind of just look at where the numbers play out, you have the high quality team in place. It's virtually all staffing related. And I think as a percentage of either assets or revenue, it's flat to even slightly down based on the aggregate portfolio.
Scott Estes: Sure, Jerry. I think the point of where we're at from a capital position shows that we have a lot of flexibility here entering 2011. But I guess for modeling purposes, we've always assumed the blended mix of 45%. That 55% equity kind of our standard in terms of incorporating and providing guidance to you all.
Scott Estes: Yes, the aggregate of the announced $1.3 billion of acquisitions and joint venture fundings plus $200 million of projected development fundings from the projects that are underway this year.
Scott Estes: Sure. We thought a lot about it. We've spoken at length about our pipeline. I think George gave some color. Obviously, we still feel like our position and our investment opportunities are strong and a lot of it will be recurring business from our existing portfolio of senior housing operators and health systems. I guess the short of it is we feel like it will be easier to just communicate the investments as they come through as opposed to proposing some level of hypothetical guidance and then hypothetical capital raises. In our opinion, it will just be easier to talk to you as they come through.
Scott Estes: Sure. There's obviously some more CapEx that are included in the FAD guidance and it's a blend of really what we're projecting in our operating portfolio, combined with what we project in our medical office portfolio. And I think when you put it together, it's probably in the $30 million area in aggregate. I think we're projecting, correct me if I'm wrong, pretty typical, about $1,250 per unit of CapEx in the operating portfolio would be a rough estimate.
Scott Estes: This is Scott Estes, again. We will talk in terms of the aggregate portfolio and I do think you're right. That is in our opinion, a good representation of the opportunity on the occupancy front. The fact that the blended portfolio is about 86% occupancy. But I think as you can tell from the data that the Senior Star and the Silverado portfolio is due to having some assets in essence and fill up had some bigger opportunities there. So the short of it is there's some significant opportunities on occupancy. I'd say somewhat of an occupancy opportunity on both the Merrill Gardens and Benchmark over time. But I think those that are the more stable assets have the best pricing power would probably where you’d see that the margin expansion opportunity is due to their strong market positions and pricing power. So it's really a blend of both and I would actually, I think we're very comfortable with those projections based on the numbers that we're looking at right now.
Scott Estes: By our calculation it was about, the capital will be raised at about $0.05 diluted in the fourth quarter. We raised about $450 million of 5.03% debt in early November and then 11.5 million shares of equity in early December. So aggregate, we calculated about $0.05. And really, honestly, on the timing, we're just talking about that, Steve, [ph] (0:50:54) as a means of an example, if the Brandywine, $600 million transaction happened on December 1 instead of December 31, that would have added about $0.03 for the quarter. So that would be my general view. This is about $0.05 from the capital activity and then really just a lot of the deals all just came at the end of the year, which set us up for a good 2011.
Scott Estes: That's correct. That was in the release Rob, in the first quarter, traditionally we have about $3.9 million of accelerated vesting of grants as it detailed in the press release. Remember to do that.
Scott Estes: No, Rob. As I recall in the month of September in particular, I recall there was a $200,000 or $300,000 adjustment. That's a positive adjustment in that month. Again, I still think the best way to think about the Merrill Gardens portfolio is occupancy was stable. And again, we're getting an approximate 7% return currently and we'll continue to roll that out as a part of the portfolio in 2011.
Scott Estes: I think that projection is I hope it’s roughly right around the borderline between the two quarters. It may be right at March 31 to April for your modeling purposes.
Scott Estes: Let me think about it, Tay, and get back to you. I don't want to give you a wrong number on the call here.
Scott Estes: There tends to be only about 15% to 20% of the cash flow that's really going to be all that variable. That's what in effect we're trying to capture with these transactions. So these assets are going to yield because of the types of operators that we are working with, the quality of the assets, the location. There's going to be a yield from these assets. So it's not like they’re going to drop off the face and go negative on us.
Scott Estes: I could try to answer first then Scott Brinker could add to this. I would point to the track record of these best-in-class operators in the in fill markets and I believe Tom is very excited, the fact they've grown NOI 7% on average over the last what, four to five years. Obviously through one of the biggest downturns and we always speak of the resiliency of the senior housing industry even being not entirely resistant but somewhat resistant to economic downturns. So our view is yes. You may not get 5% plus every year but the down year shouldn't be that bad and on average, we should be able to get in excess of 5% returns over time.
Scott Estes: This is Scott. I would point out we were talking about the way the adjusted EBITDA page looks in our supplement. It's obviously skewed by the fact that we completed a very significant amount of these investments on the last, really, days of the quarter. So what you see on our supplemented net debt to EBITDA of 7.6x, basically using the annualized EBITDA from the investments we made in that last week, it would go down to about 6.7x to 6.8x. And our model this year shows roughly 6x to 6.5x is what we are basically what we're trying to get to in our internal model this year.
Scott Estes: We do, and I think you're right. I think at the end of the day, the bridge is put in place to provide both flexibility from our perspective and just surety of financing. And we'll see in another month and a half or so if it's needed. But we haven't determined that. It's really was just done for flexibility from a capital management perspective. I think Mike -- again, the key is really we would manage the balance sheet to the 45%, I think or less over time debt to undepreciated both tax levels.
Scott Estes: This is Scott. I'll try to answer. I don't do their calculation, so I don't know for sure. But I think part of it is theirs is based on a trailing number and also the management fee is different. I believe they paid a 7% fee versus the 5% fee that we're paying Benchmark. That accounts for quite a bit of the differential, 50 basis points or so. And I think the rest is just standard NOI growth from 2010 to 2011, which is consistent with what they've done over the last four years during a pretty challenging economic climate.
Scott Estes: I'll probably point you to the Page 2 of our earnings release that has the four bullets that says the fourth quarter investments, Jerry. Walking through those, the Brandywine closed in December. You really can just reiterate it.
Scott Estes: Sure. It's a blend of primarily senior housing and skilled nursing assets. Again, the number is approximately $300 million, as George pointed out, a good bit of that are some loans this year, about $150 million plus are actually loans. So that would be the rough overview. And it is skewed more likely to happen in our model in the first half of the year.
Jerry Doctrow: A couple of things. On guidance, I guess this is Scott's question. What do you assume on the capital raising side? Any equity offerings? I guess just the stuff you mentioned coming from the DRIP. Just want to clarify that side of it.
Jerry Doctrow: And I think it was probably just some rounding but I just wanted to sort of clarify a couple of things that you went through the capital needs end. You had talked about $1.5 billion. I think that's what you said unless I misunderstood you. You really talking about the stuff that has been funded or committed to the $1.3 billion for the first part of this year.
Jerry Doctrow: Just any more rationale just about sort of not assuming sort of investments. You've done that sort of historically in terms of your future guidance.
Jerry Doctrow: And there's no big, on the MOB side, there's no big tenant roll-over or extra TIs that's running about where it was on CapEx.
Charles Herman: As far as replacement costs, we're seeing in these types of markets, they're very difficult to build in, very difficult to construct and you expect in the New England and mid-Atlantic states to be at least $250,000 to $300,000 a unit, plus some fill-up costs to stabilize those assets. So that's not uncommon for us to see. The other portfolios were not in the higher -- were not in New England or mid-Atlantic states, some were in California. They're a little bit different. They're in the $200,000 to $250,000 range to redevelop, reconstruct, so that's kind of typical.
Charles Herman: New acquisitions were around the 7% yield going in.  We had some properties in fill up. This is Chuck Herman. We have a couple of properties in fill up and then we bought a stable portfolio, with some room but generally stable at around a 7% yield.
Charles Herman: This is Chuck Herman again. The incentive management fees are a function of several different factors. Sometimes it's revenue related, clearly NOI related and occupancy. They're all different factors that we roll into the overall calculations. Each one's a little bit different depending upon the deal we could structure. So it changes based on the operator. But those are the basic levers that we can use.
Company Speaker: If the parties can agree, this is Scott Brinker speaking, it will be subject to an appraisal. I would just remind you that there's always a floor of the prior year plus the increaser. So there's only upside in the reset opportunity for us.
Company Speaker: That's right. The other point is our hope is that this converts into a partnership structured as RIDEA within three years or so.
Company Speaker: This is Scott again. Skilled nursing would be permitted under RIDEA and that's one sub-acute unit within an assisted living facility. And Brenda and her team actually have a history of operating skilled nursing in sub-acute units.
