John Burkart: Thank you, Shankh. I know that it sounds like a broken record, but again, another great quarter. Our total portfolio generated 14.1% same-store NOI growth over the prior year's quarter led by the senior housing operating portfolio with 26.1% year-over-year growth. We are methodically moving forward focused on the customer and employee experience and that is driving results. We started with brute force effectively relying on our raw labor to identify issues and opportunities. We continue to improve the systems and processes and organize the data to make data driven decisions to improve the business, and we're just at the beginning. The medical office portfolios third quarter same-store NOI growth was 3.4% over the prior year's quarter, same-store occupancy was 95%, while retention remains extremely strong across the portfolio at nearly 93%. The 26.1% third quarter year-over-year NOI increase in our same-store senior housing operating portfolio was a function of 9.8% revenue growth driven by the combination of 6.9% RevPOR growth, 220 basis points of average occupancy gain and moderating expense growth. Expenses remain in control coming in at 5.1% for the quarter over the prior year's quarter. The strong revenue growth and expense growth led to substantial margin expansion of 330 basis points. As Shankh has mentioned many times, the marginal increase in expenses as occupancy continues to grow over 80% is relatively low for obvious reasons. Many of the expenses are fixed. Each property has an Executive Director, Head Chef, Maintenance Director regardless of the occupancy level. The bulk of maintenance utility and many other costs are largely factored in at 80% occupancy. As a result, our Expense POR or Expense Per Occupied Room continues to remain low, enabling the business to improve the margins. As Shankh mentioned, our ExpPOR growth for the quarter was 2.4%, the lowest in our recorded history. All three of our regions continue to show strong same-store revenue growth, starting with the U.S at 9.6%, and Canada and the U.K growing at 9.7% and 12.9%, respectively. The strong revenue growth in each region combined with the expense controls have led to fantastic NOI growth in the U.S., Canada and the U.K., of 25.4%, 27.1% and 37%, respectively. The management transitions continue to perform above expectations. We are grateful to our operating partners, who are working so hard to ensure that we achieve the improved operations that we set out to accomplish in our journey to operational excellence. Our operators continue to do an amazing job of managing through the complexities of the business to provide a superior customer and employee experience. Many of our senior customers were born in the 1930s. The Depression. They have worked hard and sacrifice all their life and now they deserve to enjoy the fruits of their labor. The product and services remain very affordable to a large segment of the population who have purchased and paid off their homes years ago, and are now at a point where they can sell their home, live off their assets enjoying a good quality of life during their golden years, which they deserve. Our focus with our operating partners on improving the customer and employee experience benefits all stakeholders. For example, our focus on materially reducing agency labor improves both the customer and employee experience, as both are benefited by permanent high-quality employees compared to the random agency employees lacking relationships with our customers and knowledge of the community systems and processes. Additionally, eliminating the agency or middlemen enables us to ensure the hard working people at our communities receive a fair compensation package with vacation and benefits as well as competitive pay, and our shareholders benefit from the reduced leakage to the agency company owners. Care is the essence of the service provided and ensuring employees can deliver outstanding care is one of our top priorities. Our operating platform efficiencies will increase the time available for care and reduce the stress on our employees. For example, at one site, one of my team members worked at, the Executive Director spends over 3 hours per move-in inputting the documents into the antiquated systems. The CRM, [indiscernible] and Care modules are disparate systems. Our platform has all the documents in E-Form and the modules are fully integrated, reducing the potential for errors and saving time, which enables the site leader to focus on the customers and employees, not paperwork. We continue to make substantial progress on our platform and the related rollout. I'm grateful for the engagement and participation by the leadership of our operators who are actively working with us to ensure the success of the platform. More to come in 2024. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
John Burkart: Yes. I fully agree. It's the difference between RevPOR and Expense POR and it's -- I think you're probably, Rich, thinking about multifamily where people are there for years and years and years, and it's a very different situation here.
John Burkart: Yes. And I would just add, in my comments, my focus is on productivity. So we want our employees to be paid well. We want happy employees and happy customers. We also want to increase productivity of the business so that we can manage to accomplish all of that. So that's really, I think, the take home point.
Tim McHugh: Thank you, John. My comments today will focus on our third quarter 2023 results. The performance of our triple-net investment segments in the quarter, our capital activity, a balance sheet and liquidity update, and finally our updated full year 2023 outlook. Welltower reported third quarter net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.24 per diluted share and normalized funds from operations of $0.92 per diluted share, representing 10.4% year-over-year growth, or 16.5% growth after adjusting for HHS and the year-over-year impact from changes in FX rates and higher base rates and floating rate debt. We also reported total portfolio same-store NOI growth of 14.1% year-over-year. Now turning to the performance of our triple-net properties in the quarter. As a reminder, our triple-net lease portfolio coverage and occupancy stats are reported [indiscernible]. So these statistics reflect the trailing 12 months ending 6/30/2023. In our senior housing triple-net portfolio, same-store NOI increased 3.9% year-over-year and trailing 12-month EBITDA coverage is .93x. In the quarter, we agreed to convert 11 StoryPoint assets and triple-net lease to RIDEA, which will bring their regionally focused managed portfolio up to 55 Midwestern properties in the fourth quarter. Next, same-store NOI and our long-term post acute [ph] portfolio grew 5.3% year-over-year, and trailing 12-month EBITDA coverage was 1.44x. Turning to capital activity. We closed on $1.4 billion of acquisitions and loans in the quarter, led by $618 million of senior housing operating investments. As a reminder, the Revera PSP joint venture online that was announced last quarter will close by geography in three distinct phases. The U.K portion closed in 21Q and the U.S portion close this quarter, resulting in $75 million of net investment. And the Canadian portion is expected to close by year-end. In the quarter, we continue to issue through our ATM to fund ongoing investment spend and position the balance sheet for future opportunities. We raised gross proceeds of $1.9 billion, at an average price of approximately $81 per share, allowing us to fully fund year-to-date investment activity and also extinguish $290 million of debt in the quarter. This capital activity along with continued growth across our business segments including the continued post-COVID recovery within our senior housing operating business, help drive net debt to adjusted EBITDA to 5.14x at quarter end which represents 1.8x of deleveraging versus one year ago. We expect net debt to adjusted EBITDA to settle in the mid 5s on a pro forma basis post near-term investment activity, and it continued to trend downward in future quarters, as a recovery in our senior housing operating portfolio continues to drive organic cash flow higher. Additionally, filing this intra and post-quarter capital activity, including $900 million of gross investments closed to date in October, we have a current cash and cash equivalents balance of $2 billion, along with full capacity on our $4 million revolving line of credit and $624 million in remaining expected proceeds from near-term dispositions and loan pay downs, representing approximately $6.6 billion in near-term available liquidity. Lastly, moving to our full year guidance. Last night we updated our previously issued full year 2023 outlook for net income attributable to common stockholders to a range of $0.91 to $0.95 per diluted share and normalized FFO of $3.59 to $3.63 per diluted share, were $3.61 per share at the midpoint. Our normalized -- updated normalized FFO per share guidance represents a $0.055 increase at the midpoint of our previously updated guidance. This increasing guidance is reflective of a $0.03 increase from higher expected full year senior housing operating NOI, a $0.035 increase from capital allocation activity, which assumes no further investment year beyond what is close the date, and this increases are partially offset by combined penny drag on increase in expected full year G&A and stronger dollar. Underlying this FFO guidance is an increased estimate of total portfolio year-over-year at the same-store NOI growth of 11.5% to 13.5%, driven by subsegment growth of outpatient medical, 2.5% to 3%, long-term post-acute 4% to 5%, senior housing triple-net of 1.5% to 2.5%, and finally, increased senior housing operating growth of 23% to 26%. The midpoint of which is driven by continued better-than-expected expense trends, along with revenue growth of approximately 9.8% year-over-year. Underlying this revenue growth is an expectation of approximately 240 basis points of year-over-year average occupancy increase and rent growth of approximately 6.7%. And with that, I'll hand the call back over to Shankh.
Tim McHugh: And on your question on the seasonality in the business, you're correct. We continue to outperform the historical seasonality, and we are not seeing major differences between our transition portfolio. As Shankh mentioned, we are actually seeing very strong occupancy gains in the transition portfolio probably greater than what we've seen in the core portfolio.
Tim McHugh: Yes, Ron. So we added that to deck through conversations with both investors and analysts alike. They're looking at it interpreting kind of a stabilized point to be reflective of 88% occupancy and 31% margins. When in fact, with the rent growth we've seen since fourth quarter '19, as we were ignoring that rent growth and -- or with it, we are baking in around 29% margin. So what we wanted to do is just show getting back to just the NOI level on today's rents means that you're getting to margins that are 200 basis points plus below where we were margin wise in fourth quarter '19, and what that final bar does is just shows you getting back to 88% occupancy, 31% margin in pre-COVID levels at today's third quarter '23 realized rents where NOI would be.
Tim McHugh: And, Jamie, on your funding question. So in my prepared remarks, I spoke to kind of a liquidity build, and that's as of October 30. So we talked about $900 million in investments just quarter-to-date closed in October, $1 billion pipeline ahead of us about $2 billion in cash and $6.6 billion of total available liquidity to fund that.
Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Tim. I want to conclude by turning your attention to three items that may not seem as important or exciting for our near-term results. On a combined basis, they may actually serve as a drag on our Q4. But nonetheless, it's extremely important to underscore as far as our stabilized or run rate earnings is concerned. First, we have convinced our partner StoryPoint to convert 11 properties from triple-net to RIDEA structure. 9 of these properties ran a historic lease structure with other operators, and 2 of them are recent acquisitions. StoryPoint is one of our best operators and a current RIDEA operator has cleaned up these billings, improved staffing, service quality and invested significant capital. These properties have gained 500 basis points of occupancy since beginning of the year to 70% in September, report is up 15% since they took over, RevPOR of the new movements in 2023 is up another 12% from the average of 2023 numbers. This is setting up the stage for significant cash flow growth in '24 and beyond. Debt to equity conversion at the bottom of the cycle, perhaps the most value accretive transaction we can complete today. As we have experienced in our recent legend conversion, we can expect to breakeven in 12 to 15 months relative to our previous contractual rent, and then our shareholders will get all the upside afterwards. This obviously will work only if you have great assets run by great managers and we are right about the trajectory of the cash flow. And that is the bet I'm willing to take at this point in the recovery cycle. We consider to -- we continue to seek additional opportunities to achieve similar outcomes when they check the boxes of great assets and operator quality and when we can expand the pie with our partner so that we can attain a win-win solution, an outcome for a long-term basis. Second, Kisco, one of our strongest operating partner, measured by margin, occupancy and other operating metrics, recently marched with another one of our operators, Balfour. Balfour, now a affiliate of Kisco, maintains a dominant position in the Denver [ph] metro area also has [indiscernible] buildings nearing completion in Brookline, in Boston MSA and Georgetown in D.C., both properties opening in 2024. We thank Schonbrun and Susan Juroe for their partnership at Balfour and wish them all the best for the next phase of their lives and welcome Andy Kohlberg and his team to take over the stewardship and growth of these communities. Like StoryPoint communities above, this transaction will be significantly accretive to our stabilized earnings and cash flow growth. Last but not least, when the final stages of Project Transformer, the transaction, which I described to you last quarter, with our teams working really hard with Matthew and Frederic at Cogir. Our brand launch is coming up in the next few weeks, and people are on both sides are working at a frenetic phase to achieve seamless transition. This is yet another transaction like the others above, which will look back at in '24 and '25 and feel really proud to have completed as they have added to our earnings and cash flow growth despite some near-term friction and the tremendous workload for the combined team. Speaking of earnings and cash flow growth, I would like you to provide a report card on the previous large transactions to Avery and Oakmont from Signature and Sunrise that we discussed with you in Q2. Both Avery and Oakmont have grown occupancy of approximately 300 basis points since transitions have begun. We, at Welltower, remain focused on the long-term price of getting this business to an elevated level of customer and employee experience and generating earnings per share that is substantially higher than where we came from. To sum it up, the powerful recovery in senior housing operating business, the rollout of our operating platform and a significantly accretive capital deployment are all setting us up for an accelerating earnings and cash flow trajectory for '24 and '25. With that, I'll open the call up for questions.
Shankh Mitra: So Vikram, I don't comment on other people's deals. It seems like it's a great outcome for both of them. We were not engaged, and we will not be engaged in that process, just to be specific. As we said many times, what works for us is one asset at a time transactions even if we do, when we do portfolios, Nikhil is finishing up a portfolio transaction right now of 10 assets that we have gotten. We have picked from a collection of 80, 90-plus assets. So it's sort of -- we're very, very focused on going deep than going broad in our markets. And we genuinely believe in small transactions with one asset at a time. I believe there are median size of assets, transactions that we have done in the last 3 years, which constitute this $12 million-or-so of assets we've bought is like $30 million. That's what we like, that works for us, and that's what will continue. We have no [indiscernible] opportunities. I mean what we see today, the market is, I will not be surprised, you guys will recall that we had talked about a few years ago, there will be potentially $30 billion of opportunities. As we sit here today, we can say the TAM is actually bigger than that, given how much loans that coming due, how much of floating rate debts are rolling over. So we have no problem growing the company as long as we have access to capital and we can do it on a per share [ph] basis. But large M&A is something that I've never liked. I'm not saying I'll never do it. But frankly speaking, it's just not much interest to us. And specifically answer to your question, we're not engaged and will not engage in the process that you mentioned.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. I think you will see in this particular portfolio that we're talking about, the transition portfolio, Regency portfolio, Regency was a very well-run portfolio. This Cogir still has been able to get that margins, I believe, from around, call it, take up 40% to about 50%. In this particular case, I believe that the improvement will be better and will go from -- margins will go from, call it, say, up 20% to 40%. So I think we should see better enhancement in this particular case than the Regency example.
Shankh Mitra: Juan, as you know, we're sort of finalizing that as we speak, right? That's the discussion we are in. As I've mentioned in my prepared remarks that we expect that to be very strong like last couple of years and that's where we are. We are not there yet from a purely finalization standpoint. But I continue to believe that we'll achieve -- a customer is expecting an elevated level of service, costs are not coming down any place, the business overall for the industry, not just for us, remain at a suboptimal level of margins where you can attract capital to the business. So all these things putting together, I think you will see strong rate growth. What exactly that is, is too early to say, but I continue to expect that will be very strong.
Shankh Mitra: Let me try the first one. So I did not say that specific transaction might be a drag on the fourth quarter. I said the three things that I described together could be a drag on the fourth quarter. But combined, all of them should be a significant driver of growth on 20 -- for '25 or just call it, stabilized earnings. That's the point I was trying to drive, not specifically about Kisco and Balfour.
Shankh Mitra: Jonathan, just the core portfolio, as you know, sequential occupancy growth was around 150 basis points and the transition portfolio, the two, I talked about was the majority of the transition we did in Q2. The occupancy growth in from signature to Avery and Sunrise to Oakmont, both portfolios achieved a sequential occupancy growth of roughly 300 basis points. So almost double of what the same-store did.
Shankh Mitra: Nick, as I mentioned early in the year, I think if you go back to fourth quarter call, we have at least another year of elevated G&A increase as a build out of the platform. So you should -- we have come long, but we have a long ways to go. So G&A versus NOI, just a geography of where you see occupancies versus revenues. So we do believe that the platform build out is paying off, has started to pay off in spades. But from a purely just looking purely at G&A item, we would expect that another year of build out -- at least another year of build out.
Shankh Mitra: So first thing I mentioned that I don't comment on other people's deals. So I have nothing underwritten, so I can't even comment on what the underwritten returns looks like. But specifically to medical office, I think I provided some color last quarter that we're unsure at this point what the long-term inflation land. And because we are unsure we are unsure of at this point to make a huge bet on an asset class that we don't know what the growth profile versus the long-term inflation looks like, right? So that's a very important point. We are finding opportunities where we think we can small opportunities where we can do value add. We are buying assets at 70%, 80% occupancy and leasing up and so that we can see the growth rate higher. But from a stabilized 95%, call it, occupied medical office with a 2.5% increase or whatever it is, the traditional medical office, which provides a good long-term, stable growth for institutional investors is not interesting for us. For that one reason. And the second reason is, it's always -- it's relative opportunities is the question, right? If that's the only thing that was available to us, will be a different conversation. We are easily picking off at low double-digit plus unlevered IRR opportunities in the senior living side assuming that we don't add much value, and I'm pretty positive we will add value. So it's just a question of relative opportunities of where we see we will today. And that's why we have no interest. By no means that suggests that we don't think it's a good deal or not a good deal. I have no idea what the deal is because I'm not engaged in it as I specifically mentioned will not because of the reasons I just pointed out to you.
Shankh Mitra: Yes, I'm not going to answer the first question, Josh. Obviously, on a public call, I mean, things called trade secrets that you don't want us to divulge on a public company call. But we'll say that this doesn't happen like automatically. As I've said before, we have learned. We have done a lot of transitions over the last, call it, 5, 7 years that I've been doing this, and we have learned our lessons from frankly, old school way of losing money. We have learned what we have done wrong. We have gotten better then sort of we learned how to start bleeding and then finally, we have gotten the other side of how do we -- how we can make an impact. What the prep work you need to do on systems and process and frankly, that's what John taught us, right? So it's just -- it's an evolution. It's a process that we have gotten over the last few years, and I'm very, very happy that we are there. Now from the point of view of transitions, is it the last transition, would we do 1,000 more transitions. It just depends on the performance we are trying to optimize our performance. I've said it many, many times that this is a business in our opinion, in our humble opinion. It's a business of optimizing location, product, price point and operator, right? So we'll keep optimizing it until we think that we were done. And that's kind of where we are. It's a journey I've written about that I'm willing to do even if we take short-term hits. And it appears, at least from near-term results, no guarantee of the future that we have achieved how to even mitigate that short-term hit.
Shankh Mitra: Rich, let me try to start that. And John, you sort of finish anything that I haven't added. So I think your conversation that you have is a reasonable for -- if you think about a long-term tenant in the middle of the market, right? So there is a -- you have to think about the customer you're talking about. We -- our rate increase is because we have sold majority of our mid-market product, our U.K. and U.S. portfolio is primarily focused on very high-end customer, very wealthy customer and the product remains incredibly affordable to them. And at that level, we haven't seen any pushback. The second point you have to consider Rich, is you -- we have never raised rates like you have seen in other asset classes, multifamily stores, others, 20%, 25%. We have never raised that, right? So just sort of rates remains high single digits, whatever, like 8%, 9%, 10% is sort of what we have done. So it's much more sustainable than you think. But put that aside, just understand, put all of those comments in the context of average length of stay, you're talking about an average length of stay of 20 months. So we might be here talking about for the third year of increase of X percent. But just understand, the person who got the first year of increase, he or she is gone, right? She's no longer in the community. So if you put all of those together, you will see that if you provide the very important point, if you provide the differentiated services at the highest level, your customer is willing to pay you. Now we are, as I've said many, many times, we're not focused on an individual number, call a RevPOR or rate, right? We're focused on very much of a delta between RevPOR and ExpPOR and that's what we are focused on. I've said that last year and the year before. And we shall see what the market gives us, right? I have no idea what the market will give us if there's a pushback, we will adjust, but we haven't seen any yet.
Shankh Mitra: Jim, you are correct that we are seeing turnover is coming down significantly. We are seeing that overall availability of employees who wants to be part of our business and part of the communities is increasing significantly. And we are seeing that our operating partners are getting better using technology and other resources to attract talent and keeping them in the business, right? So that sort of -- it's -- whenever you get hit by a crisis, people figure out ways to do things better, every crisis makes the business better if it survives, right? And that's what we are seeing. And what conviction do we have that RevPOR minus ExpPOR journey can continue very significantly. For a specific line item, on a specific thing, on a specific quarter, we have no idea. I said this a million times. Our goal here is not to predict the future. Our goal is to see what market gives us and do better than market. We'll see what market gives us.
Shankh Mitra: I can't speak for other people, Mike. I will tell you that we have -- our operators -- operating partners are doing extremely well. And we are getting hit left, right and center with new operating partner who wants to be part of our story. So whether that's because they're inspired to do what John is doing, our data journey or we are trying to professionalize the business or the detailed transformation journey or they're having troubles on their own end or both, I have no idea. But I could tell you that we have literally -- I mean, it is -- we've seen really good investment opportunities. but we have never seen anything like what we are seeing today. Whether that's because of a pull or a push, I have no idea. And we are seeing operators from all parts of the country, in all three countries we do business with, is calling us to be part of it this well-capitalized, extraordinarily well capitalized platform, but also the part of -- being part of John's platform.
Shankh Mitra: And Ron, I've said this before, I'll repeat it again. If that's all we go back to Q4 of '19 level or pre-COVID level, I would be very, very disappointed. If you have done this in Q4 of '19, you remember, those were not the greatest days of this business, right? So we were getting it for 4-plus years at this point and through our supply cycle. That is not a high point like a lot of other businesses are and we're very disappointed that's all we get back to.
Shankh Mitra: So I think, if I understand correctly, Nikhil correct me if I'm wrong, all our development starts are either fully 100% leased medical office developments that we have long-term tail or long-term contracts with our existing clients or their wellness housing development. I do not believe that we have started any senior housing development. I don't remember when was the last time we actually started the senior housing development. So because of the all reporting in the same bucket, Austin, but they're not senior housing development, there are what in the -- what we call wellness housing, which is age restricted and age targeted apartment.
Shankh Mitra: Okay. And stabilized yields, I would say, in the senior living today, we are targeting close to 8 on a stabilized basis and going in. I think I said last call, we are seeing sort of opportunities that starting at 6, ending at 8 and given the rise of real rates, we are seeing better than that today. Frankly, we have ratcheted our return expectations higher. So that's sort of where we are transacting. But we are not a yield buyer. We are still happy to buy 1% yield, if we think that's the right basis and the right assets. But generally speaking, those are the kind of opportunities we are seeing.
