Shankh Mitra: Thank you, Tim. If I may distract you all from the short-term noise and focus on the main drivers of long-term earnings and cash flow per share growth, there are really four large buckets that we must pay attention to: occupancy, rates, labor cost and external growth. In 2021, whenever we're hit by a massive COVID wave, it felt as though we are taking one step forward and two steps back in terms of occupancy, rates and labor costs. Thankfully, the health impact of COVID has been getting more mild and the psyche of the population has significantly improved. Now we are taking two steps forward and one step back in terms of occupancy and labor cost and it appears from the July trends that we're making that one extra step back forward very quickly. So COVID impacts are getting less pronounced and rebounds are getting quicker as we learn how to live with COVID. Despite the reported issues of agency labor, the team member count in our communities has grown significantly off let and we have not seen any let up -- though we have not seen any let up of the cost of labor, there is no question that we have seen the availability of labor increase meaningfully off let. The portfolio has almost the same net hiring in July as we had in the first six months of the year combined. Though our operators have had success in net hiring members over the last few months, as you can see from the case studies on Slide 7 and 8, it appears that the labor market is finally on demand from the significant success of hiring trends in July. Assuming these trends continue, this bodes very well for agency labor cost as we get second half of the year. And where we continue to make the largest strides is through pricing power. The recent COVID spikes have not in any way dulled our operators' ability to push through strong rates. What is particularly encouraging is the Street rates, which are up from high-single digits all the way up to 15%, 20% in case of some large operators. Given the sharp acceleration in growth of the senior population and plummeting new supply of few projects penciling for developers today, our confidence in driving occupancy and rate growth for the next few years continue to strengthen. As for external growth opportunities, our prospects, which have been very good are only getting better, the willingness of owners to transact has grown over the last two years as they struggled with COVID-related challenges and debt maturity. And now with recent surge in borrowing costs and tighter lending standards that are keeping many borrowers at bay. If we overlay all this with how John is fundamentally transforming our business, I have not been more excited of the future prospect of our firm. We know we need to translate all of this into significant higher earnings run rate and cash flow per share and our team, which thinks and acts like long-term owners is hyper focused on that mission.  With that, we'll open the call up for questions.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. I'll just add one thing, Michael. As I mentioned, if you look at when we got hit by BA.5, second half, it was about a week after NAREIT. And that impact, which is sort of followed through about the middle of July. And you probably have noticed that we provided another business update a few weeks ago, is to make sure that everybody knows that our view has changed because of things that we talked about NAREIT. So there was another business update, not just the ones that you mentioned. So we have -- we provide information as investors know. They see what we see. But fundamentally, as I mentioned in my last quarter call that all our -- we tell you how we think, but if we get hit by a COVID wave, are better off. I mentioned that in the last call, I mentioned that in five calls before that, and that continues. The good news here is with every passing wave, we're seeing the impact is lessening. And we're seeing the rebounds are getting faster. But the fact of the matter is we just went through one and rather we're sort of coming towards the tail end of one. And we have no way to project how and when we're going to see COVID in our communities. That's just not what we can do, and I'm not aware of anybody else can do. We're just telling you as we are seeing things, but we're hoping at least we're trying to help you understand the fundamentals of the business, right? For example, if you can see, there's a tremendous amount of, obviously, noise on the agency labor. If you look at that was obviously reported quarter of June, we see a pretty meaningful improvement in July. But if you truly see the improvement that we are excited about, it's the net hiring number because July net hiring number doesn't impact July agency numbers, right? It's sort of -- there's a lag between when you hire people versus when they impact your numbers because you got to train them and there's a lag between when you hire them and then they hit the floors, et cetera, right? So we're just telling you what we are seeing. And it's important that we communicate if trends change because of COVID and otherwise. But we -- I hope that you appreciate that we remain transparent, and we report things to you as we see things. And if things change, things change.
Shankh Mitra: Vikram, I'm not going to get into sort of giving you guidance on pricing power in particularly for next year's pricing power. But I will tell you that we are seeing that Street rates are significantly accelerating. There has been talks -- not talks. I mean I was in the UK for a few weeks. Our UK operators are talking about giving a midyear pricing increases in September, October time frame. I've not seen that before. There are some talks of U.S. operators thinking about something of that nature. But most importantly, Street rates are just going up very significantly. So all this should translate into continued pricing power in our portfolio, especially if you look at next year, demand supply is even more favorable, right? But we're trying to optimize the revenue growth and frankly, so from our standpoint, we think that pricing power should continue. As you can appreciate that we had pricing power last year, right? So we obviously had REVPOR growth. We continue to push that, and we'll -- as we move forward, you'll see that we'll continue to push that pricing power. As I've suggested before, the two types of pricing power that you should see. Frankly speaking, the one you are seeing today is arises from the need of pushing pricing because of cost inflation, and that's sort of we're sort of going through that. But as we stabilize different buildings, you will see another set of pricing power which is we're raising prices because we don't have a lot of rooms to sell, right? So hopefully, you see a lot of that going through next year.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So on the wellness side, there's not a lot of cost, right, on the people side. So you don't have that. Though, I will say that sort of cost mostly driven by taxes as well as the energy cost increase. Our capital allocation is not driven by what we think of labor. You can just price that in. It is driven by what is the opportunity set, was the price relative to what the replacement cost is. So that's how we think about it. And if we have to think -- let's just say that you come with this idea that labor cost is going to be high forever, which I don't think is going to be the case. Labor cost has been a problem for this industry for a very long period of time. And as I said, who are finally probably see that it's on the map, right? We'll see whether -- how that plays out, but we'll likely probably see the first sort of shot across the bow. But you can absolutely price that in. We're price-driven investors, not necessarily. So we take some thematic ideas and just run with it because you can price that in. Hopefully, that's helpful then.
Shankh Mitra: Well, Austin, we're not going to give you a number on how much capital -- how much cash flow that's losing today? Maybe I'll talk to Tim and see if we can kind of quantify that for you. Should they grow faster, the answer is obviously, yes, right? They are losing money because they're at a lower occupancy. And as they stabilize over, say, a number of years, just from the base they're coming out of, and if you think about the trajectory of the margin, they should grow faster. But a lot of these properties have been recently built or we bought the properties at a very, very low occupancy, right? So if you look at the last tranche of, for example, the StoryPoint acquisitions we did, I think the average occupancy was like 40%, right? So if you think about it, average age of the portfolio, I think that we bought is between 2 to 4 years, and they're at 40% occupancy. So there's no question there's a lot of those buildings that opened in last year, 1.5 years, and we bought a lot of these things, right, from developers from multifamily developers from banks. They're just a drag. But the point here is they're not a sequential sort of a linear progress to your NOI growth, right, as they go from a negative sort of margin to the margin inflection and that sort of margin grows after you hit the J curve, right? So that's sort of the way to think about it. I mentioned that for you to understand that something very simple, right? Just take an example of our East 56th Street property. That property opened 7.5 months ago. It's what? It's probably low 30% occupied today. And our average rate of those residents that we have received, of the people who are living there is $23,000, $24,000, okay? Clearly, that has negative margins. But you would think about it as we thought about that property when we developed it, we're getting significantly high rates and trajectory of East sub is doing better than we thought. Still that's a negative value add. So as you think about negative value, as you think about putting a multiple on our income understand that you are valuing 120 buildings at a negative value. That's all, right? So I'm not going to add anything more to that at this point, but something to just reflect on what's sort of dragging on our earnings and cash flow today.
Shankh Mitra: I think, John, that's a very fair comment, which I should -- we talked about July was obviously a very positive month for net hiring. And we hired -- for the portfolio overall, our operating partners have hired as many people in July as they did six months ago. But what we haven't told you that hiring puts us finally to a 2% plus above what the total number of employees were last year. We should have added that. It's a fair question -- comment from year end. So as you recall, this whole agency sort of cost drama started about a year ago, and we have finally worked our way through that with this July hiring we're finally about 2% above where total employee count was on a net basis above last year. So what you're saying is possible, but I would say probably unlikely as we are finally seeing, as I said -- I talked a little bit about that that -- our operators have been talking about the overall availability of labor is increasing in June, it feels like, again, I'm going to be very careful how I describe it because it is not that we know everything that's happening. But it feels like that finally that labor market is on the mend from -- at least from an availability, for sure, it's on the mend. And hopefully, that translates into price of labor in not a distant future, but at this point, at least, we're hopeful -- not just hopeful, we're seeing it in the numbers that agency lever, which were obviously pretty ugly number in June, but came down in July. And hopefully, obviously, there's net hire numbers in July, you'll see that should impact pretty positively as we get towards the end of the quarter.
Shankh Mitra: So net hiring in July was about 3%, just about 3% of total employee count. And you should think about the second half of your -- of course, you should think about weeks, not months. So July higher should impact August and September sort of agency numbers. There is a case study that you can see on Page 7 and 8. Page 8, we'll show you, this is an interesting case, right? Page 7 and 8 has two large operators, which constituted roughly half of our agency labor costs. Page 7 would show you an operator who has already made the strides and the cost has come down meaningfully. Let's just say, call it from a $2 million a month to, call it, $0.5 million a month. Rough numbers in a matter of four months, call it, from April to July. The Page 8 shows you an operator, which actually has it. The numbers have been pretty much flat from June to July. But if you look at the number of hours booked, that has come down pretty significantly which tells you if that trend continues, they should see significant improvement in August and September, right? So we in case take two examples. I want to give you diversity of example and two consequential examples with sort of two constitute of pretty much half of the total cost. But hopefully, that sort of gives you a sense of what we are seeing. Rather than predicting the future, we're sort of giving you the positioning of our portfolio, which probably should help fully translate that into the future.
Shankh Mitra: And as I mentioned, my last call, right, if you have pretty much a scenario, which we haven't seen in a long time, which is if Street trade continues to go up, the way it is going up, that gap will continue to narrow. And sort of it is conceivable that they come very close. We have seen a couple of operators where actually it has crossed over. But there's a portfolio-wise, it is conceivable that they come very, very close and that negative re-leasing spread that comes from the acuity clip that Tim talked about goes away. And so but remember, what we are also talking about, this is sort of a problem that you chase again as you raise -- you send the in-house increase letters again, right? So and you change that number again, right? So this is a phenomenon. But frankly speaking, we haven't seen in a long time, eight or nine years where Street rates are getting very close to in place. So we're pretty encouraged by that.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So I'm going to be -- I'm going to repeat what I said before. First is to understand, a lot of that portfolio has a skilled nursing, which has been impacted, obviously, very significantly. And it has been a very significant hit from agency labor in that portfolio. What we report is a one-quarter lag sort of a four-quarter average type of EBITDAR.  What I mentioned -- if you look at -- reread the transcript, you will see that the improvement that they have seen has happened really in the last four, five months. And that they have significantly narrowed their loss as occupancy has gone up and agency labor has come down, right? So that's sort of the overall underlying picture of what's happening.  It is very important for you to understand, as we have described before, that rent doesn't come from the four-walls of [indiscernible], right, that rent -- with the only reason we did that transaction, -- they -- and we mentioned this before, that rent was guaranteed by the market share, right? So that's very important for you to understand where that lies. As I mentioned again, I'm going to say this again, as I've mentioned before, right? We fundamentally believe that below-market basis translate into below-market rent, like there's nothing -- there's no special insight into that. If you have a low basis and your market rent constant, you will get to a level by market rent, right? So on an average basis, for example, on the average bed rate, the ProMedica portfolio is roughly around $7,000 per bed of rent. If you look at any other skilled nursing provider, let's just take an example of Omega, you will see the average rent is about $10,000, right? So that sort of gives you a sense of if everything was exactly the same, the rent is 30% below, right? So they sort of give you order of magnitude. I'm not talking about specific because it's hard to compare assets from portfolio one to portfolio two, but that would give you a sense, which gives us a lot of comfort that about, a, first, our income from that portfolio; and b, what we strive to do, which is to achieve long-term returns as we deploy capital. And as I mentioned, I'm going to mention it again, I remain very comfortable that we're not losing our sleep over that income or that return from that portfolio. That’s all I am going to say.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So let's just -- I'll take the essence of your question, and there's no debate about the fact that for -- specifically for third quarter, and I mentioned this in my script that some of the growth has leaped into next year because we're not getting that growth in the third quarter. Why? Because we lost the month of July, right? So if you lose your traffic that much in first half of the month, it's very, very -- it's almost impossible to recover from that as you think through the sales cycle of tours translate into sales, right? So it's very important for you to understand that last month with sort of -- it's a very important month, right? So we got an average occupancy growth in that month, as John said, about 40-plus basis points, there should have been double that. And that's was not the case because we got hit. So the only good news here, as I will suggest to you, and I think John mentioned this in his script, that we started first, call it, first 10 days, first 15 days of July, but tours were 40% below June, like with just the market just went away. By the time we ended the month, we caught up on a cumulative basis almost to the 95% of June. So if you think about, you start at a 40% hole, and you end up at a 5% hole, that sort of suggest to you, there's a remarkable progress made in the second half. And that's sort of we're seeing that now the move-ins are coming back on back of the tours. But by no question, but absolutely no question, Rich, that we -- because of this COVID hits are sort of, just call it, try to be specific on something that it can be that we saw between mid-June to mid-July, has hit our June numbers on an expense basis, which sort of recovered in July or at least hopefully recovered a lot in July, and it hit revenue because all the tours went away. It hits revenue in July. I hope that sort of gives you a sense of how this wave hit us and how that translates from one side of the quarter from the other side of the quarter.
Shankh Mitra: So Juan, I think the way you should think about it for the COVID class of acquisitions that we have done, the transition, operator transition, system integration, all of those things are reaching nearing completion, right? So they are nearing completion. Now from the perspective of what you are asking, which is more of a philosophical question than a planning question, right, we are of the belief that you have to earn your keep if you want to manage our properties. It's very simple, right? Managing our properties, which had substantial amount of capital is a given. And you see that in all other businesses, whether it's a competitive business, whether just take an example of multifamily, right? And if you look at people who are managers, fee managers, they expect to earn their right to manage for fee. And frankly speaking, in senior housing business, there has been very significant amount of complacency, and we have not seen that. So as long as people perform, we have absolutely no desire to move assets because it's disruptive. No one wants to do that. But if people don't perform, there will be transition. It's a lot of capital -- for our shareholders' capital are tied up into these buildings, but we're not going to see it tear and take underperformance. That's just not what we do. Near-term underperformance because something happened to an asset completely understandable. But as John mentioned to you, some of the basic operating standards are expected. And if people don't perform, they're not going to be in our portfolio.
John Burkart: Yes, Michael, I'll start with that and then Shankh can come in. I think the point on NAREIT and the guidance change there, I think Shankh spoke to this in the script. But we've tightened guidance at NAREIT based upon the trends that we saw and those trends reversed towards the end of the quarter and up towards the lower end of that range. So I hear you on the high frequency of data and frankly, what we've been trying to do give updates because the longer-term view has been tougher to project. And given COVID is a backdrop, right? And we've been trying to balance essentially since we've been able to be able to provide less of that long term need to provide more of that short-term information. And I will speak for Shankh, if you can give a comment on this. But I think part of the commentary on the short-term noise is just trying to see the long-term trends continue to be strong in the recovery side. And we're certainly focused on that, and we continue to evaluate that piece of it. And although we understand the market's need for frequent updates on data, we're trying to make sure that you see how we're looking at it and keeping our long-term focus on kind of the core fundamentals of the business.
John Burkart: Yes. And I'll just add. You're actually pulling something from a certain sense from a future script because I talked about the operating platform. The next initiative that I'm focusing on in a big way or workflow really relates to capital and internal investments, what I'd call it as how we reposition the portfolio, our senior housing business portfolio age is at the absolute sweet spot, just right under 20 years old on average, providing tremendous opportunities to reposition those assets. So I'm actually building out a capital team right now, and we will align our CapEx with our value-add initiatives and drive pretty substantial value over the coming three to five years. So it will be a very big effort, and we're at the very front of that effort right now.
John Burkart: The measuring success -- actually, let's go back to what I hope to accomplish is, again, really bringing modern processes, technology, et cetera, to the business. And to give you an example, a very specific example. So one of the things I tested when I came in as I tested how we respond to our customer, customer experience. And what it found out after about 200 customer inquiries, was that 50% were never returned. And of the 50% that were returned, the average time was about 13 business hours. So if a family member needs help on a Monday, and my father falls or something like this and I decide he needs to go into assisted living. I might get a call back on a Wednesday or I might not ever. That's a horrible experience and that is a very solvable situation. If you look at the current CRMs that are in place, they're basically relying upon the salespeople inputting data. It's like I write a sticky note. I put it in a file. That's my CRM. It's glorified because it's electronic, but it's the same thing. So for example, I went to one of our large operators and gave them their results, which were six out of six calls did not get returned, six out of six, zero return and they said, "Gee, I'm shocked because I'm looking on my desk at our report, our pretty report, PowerPoint report that shows that 85% of the phone calls that come in, we respond to it an hour." So that's shocking, but this is all something that we can work ourselves through because you can just test it yourself. I said, but first, tell me how does that get reported. And he said, "Well, it gets reported because our salespeople report it themselves." Well, therein lies the issue. The tracking systems weren't in place, et cetera, et cetera. It's really a bunch of sticky notes from a receptionist that get lost and picked up by the janitor and the calls get lost. So that's the type of professionalism that we're going to apply to the business, and the results will be to the financial benefit, most obviously, increased occupancy, increased rates and a better overall experience for the consumers. So that hopefully answers the question. As far as the details and time lines, we're obviously not giving that out.
John Burkart: Yes. So, it's better to look at it versus the operating platform. So the operating platform will drive -- will provide tremendous amounts of data because we'll be able to gather all the nuanced information from the web hits the traffic all the way through. But currently, we can gather more information from our operators, and that's really the opportunity that I'm taking midterm is to gather some more. So we've been working with our operators to connect. And in this particular case, we connected with our cloud system to pull down on a daily basis the information that they currently have from the platforms that they're currently using. So we haven't done that level of detail before. We get good reporting from them, but now we're upping that gain. And so from an interim basis, that will inform us much better than we have right now from an operating level the company -- what the company has done from the investment side is untouchable. But from an operating perspective, there's some more opportunities that I'm going after and that should help us from an asset management level.
John Burkart: Yes. I mean I will continue to provide more insight into the platform. And as I'm a very simple person, as you know, I call it the [indiscernible]. Literally, we'll start all the way from traffic, i.e., web and that type all the way through sales force management, all the way through the operating platform, the ERP, so to speak through every other aspect of the business, HRIS, et cetera. And we'll start to lay out more information. I will say from the past the -- my experience -- the companies typically aren't laying out specific time lines for dollars. You lay out paths as to what you expect to accomplish and how that will positively impact the business, but not necessarily time to dollars, and I don't intend to do that. But I'm glad to give more clarity over time. We're running extraordinarily fast at this point in time, and we'll provide some more detail on the coming calls and at NAREIT, et cetera.
Tim McHugh: Yes, I'll start with that, and then John can add anything. Part of it is, we have been certainly in 2022 playing a bit of catch-up in the costs of senior housing space and just the buildings being less accessible over 2020 and 2021. And then efficient for us a lot of the acquisitions we've made have had substantial value-add opportunities. So we've highlighted that with some of the larger ones and explicitly stated how much kind of redevelopment capital or value-add capital we put into it. But I think that's what's driving that right now is a combination of a little bit of deferred or catch-up capital from a period of time in which the buildings were for safety reasons less accessible. And on top of that, we put a lot of capital to work into opportunities that have high return value-add investment.
Tim McHugh: Yes, yes. And I will -- on the REVPOR side, I think the way to think about it is we talked about this last quarter, but we get a large amount of -- half of our portfolio roughly resets on Jan 1. So you see that occurred -- that part of the portfolio actually happened to also be heavily weighted towards our higher acuity unit types. The Jan 1 increases tend to be the daily billers. The daily billers are the part of the business that have your higher acuity assisted living weighting. So you saw those increases in the first quarter and what you're seeing now kind of spreading from the first quarter to the second quarter is we've talked about in this business, historically, you've seen kind of 10% or high single-digit roll-downs between move-in and move-out rates. A lot of it's acuity related, but that's actually -- that got as wide at 20-plus percent last year and it started to tighten into the mid- to low single-digit range. So you're seeing some of those Jan 1 increases I'd say bleed off a little bit with there is still some negative leasing spreads on that, and that's being offset by annual increases that are hitting throughout pretty much evenly throughout the year and the other half of the portfolio.
Tim McHugh: Yes, correct. They're not in the same-store. So the assets, just to clarify, the assets that we -- in our July business update, that we talked about transitioning. Those are still in the same-store portfolio, they completed the quarter in -- under the management of the prior manager. And then they're coming out going forward. From a sequential basis, we expect a slight drag from a [build] perspective, about 0.5% from those transitions.
Tim McHugh: And Michael, just a continuation to answer to your first question. I think overall, you should certainly hear from us that we've adapted the way that what we've disclosed over the last 2.5 years in a pretty dynamic environment. So a lot of it has been driven certainly by what we think is important. And a lot of this has been driven by feedback from individuals with yourself and investors. So I hope you've seen that and certainly continued to have dialogue with the market on what is helpful to be seen, and we'll continue to adapt what we disclose based upon that. So you shouldn't think there'll be any change in the way that we -- our approach to that.
