Tom DeRosa: Thanks, Shankh. Before we open the line for questions, I just would like to say that I'm very fortunate to work with such a team of talented and dedicated individuals who are coming together during the harshest of circumstances. All of you know it's not easy to be working remotely and having a team that's used to being together and work remotely. Yet, the entire Welltower team has proven their commitment to our company's goals and are playing a critical role in our long-term success and I could not be more appreciative of their efforts. I'm happy to share with you this morning that our Board recently moved to recognize two of our most trusted leaders. As a result Shankh Mitra has been named Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer in addition to his role as Chief Investment Officer; and Tim McHugh has been named an Executive Vice President in addition to serving as Chief Financial Officer. Shank and Tim are being recognized for their intellect experience, broad internal and external leadership and dedication to Welltower. I'm extremely grateful and proud to work shoulder to shoulder albeit virtually now with both of them every day as we navigate Welltower through a period of great uncertainty toward brighter days ahead. So before we open for questions, I'd just like to say that we ask that you please limit your question to one question. And if you have another question to please jump back in the queue because a number of analysts have asked that we -- they may have to jump off the call a bit early because of the number of companies reporting today. So I ask you to please adhere to that. And with that -- and we'll stay on to answer all your questions. So, with that, I'll turn -- Andrea, you can open up the line.
Tom DeRosa: Yeah. That's a fair question Rich. Look it's hard for us to make predictions right now based on what we've been dealing with in the pandemic. Well, I think that there will be fundamental changes in the service model and the asset positioning? Somewhat, I mean we were headed there particularly with technology companies. And I think there's going to be more new technologies that will enter senior living buildings that will essentially create tremendous efficiencies and mitigate some of the risks that we're seeing today due to an infection or a viral outbreak in buildings. I think it's very early to say if social distancing is going to be the way of a future. I mean that's a – if that's true if we're going to live in a world where we have to stand six feet apart from each other I think every business is going to be challenged and – but I'm hopeful that's not the future. I'm hopeful that we will get through this period and come back to the types of models that have been evolving to manage what is still one of the biggest demographic issues we've seen which is the aging of the population. And I also believe a health care system a health care delivery infrastructure that will have been compromised by this pandemic. And we already know that many leaders of health systems are thinking very differently about the setting in which they meet their constituencies. So, Rich it's very early to say. I'm hopeful we don't live in a world where we have to stand six feet apart from each other long term. Shankh you have anything to add.
Tom DeRosa: I think there are still too many hospitals in the U.S. and I think you're going to continue to see consolidation. I think that it's very interesting. If you look at the hospitals Derek you've got many of them who are operating at 50% capacity because elective surgeries have fallen off the cliff and they've not had as many COVID cases. So it's a very challenging time for the health systems. And I – again it's very hard to predict the future based on where we sit right now in the middle of this pandemic. But I don't – I think ultimately we have – you're going to see broader outpatient strategies by health systems a movement away from the hospital. At least that's what we're seeing from our conversations. And obviously, our health systems are on the front line of the COVID-19 pandemic and the government has responded by supporting them through this. Because their beds are filled with people many health systems in the hotspots are filled with people with COVID and they do not have the elective surgeries. And a lot of those are being pushed off. It's a real – it's created a very challenging environment for our health systems today. But again Derek I wouldn't again make too many predictions based on the COVID-19. I think it's going to badly damage a lot of health care infrastructure. But I think to a large extent it's going to have to be rethought and reimagined. So again hard to make any predictions but I would say that we still from our conversations we think health systems are looking to deliver their services basically outside of the four walls of the traditional acute care hospital.
Tom DeRosa: So Derek, it's very much at the hands of the operators. We are not -- we don't promote individual operators. That's their business. I do think as they have good data to show that will be very helpful. I think that the industry is gathering together, which is I think an important piece here to promote what good is happening throughout the senior living industry. A lot of the media attention has been focused on negativity, on some tragic situations that have occurred in largely undercapitalized nursing facilities. But I think that there will -- Shankh said this. I think there will be good stories to tell about how they manage the needs of their population during this impossible situation. And you can be sure that they will be aggressively marketing those stories to help people regain confidence in the sector.
Tom DeRosa: Thank you for participating in our call today, and we're always happy to take any additional questions directly. So please reach out to the team, if you have other questions. Thank you.
Shankh Mitra: Yes. So Jonathan, as you know that we are expecting 500 to 600 basis points of occupancy decline for the second quarter. And that should be seen with -- obviously, coupled with the comment that's right next to it, about our comments on pricing. So, obviously, those two are interrelated and should be seen as together. But, obviously, the fact is right now majority of our communities, almost half of it, is completely shut down from new admissions' perspective and others are, relatively speaking, behaving like they were shut down, at least in the month of April. We're starting to see billings or are at least starting to open up. Communities are starting to accept new residents or we're having conversations with where our operators are telling us that they're optimistic, their buildings will start to open, sometimes in May, sometimes in June. But I want to remind you, this is obviously a decision of our operators and it's taken at the ground level community by community. So we're telling you what we are hearing, but if we knew exactly what will happen, then we would not be taking the decision that we have taken with our dividend and with our guidance. So, understand there is significant uncertainty. And as we know more, we will, as Tim said, we will let you know more. But we're telling you what we are hearing from our operating partners.
Shankh Mitra: Vikram, I'll add a couple of -- two more points to that just to give you some more color. First is, our Triple-Net portfolio geographic obviously very different from obviously our SHO portfolio. And if you think about the biggest impact of where COVID happened is primarily coast to coast, right? So a lot of other markets obviously not similarly hit. But that will be one source of differentiation. The second source of differentiation as you know in the Triple-Net lease very simplistically speaking right your cost is relatively known to the landlord that you write a check and you collect every dollar of cash flow after that. So if you're an operator and you have collected every dollar of cash flow above that, you have intrinsically assumed that you have the risk both up and down. That is what the structure is. Now how we view some of these situations depending obviously on duration of the spending and the effect of the spending et cetera, but how we'll act will depend on what we think of you just as we did with the Triple-Net lease between Welltower and you how -- what is our thought on you as an operator? If you think that you're a good operator in your market and this is a pretty unfortunate event that happened for one time then we'll act one way. If you think that you are not a good operator and have never been a good operator or it's not -- we don't see eye to eye on how the business should go forward, then it will be hard for us to tell you the upside is yours and downside is all our shareholders. That's not how we think. And so, it is going to be a much more nuanced answer that will be based on case by case.
Shankh Mitra: Yeah. Michael a couple of more granular points. First is the Welltower's portfolio is primarily a need based portfolio except – I mean, when I say U.S. our portfolio. Our U.S. and U.K. portfolio is primarily a need based portfolio. We have a couple of operating partners who are primarily independent living provider in the U.S., which we also think that in right markets with the right operator can be a very good business. But generally speaking our U.K. U.S. business – our U.S. and U.K. business are need-based business. Our independent living exposure that you're talking about is primarily a Canadian business. And we think that business is a very different business. We think that business is a housing alternative business and that will continue to do well. If you ask me today that where is the biggest opportunity as we see price aside you know that first thing we think about is price and we're a buyer of everything at a price. Price aside all things being equal I think there is no other real estate asset class that I know of that has a better opportunity to create long-term value than senior housing. So price aside if you told me that I have $1 to invest where would I invest on all health care asset classes given what the returns are going to be where total return investors I fundamentally think that will be senior housing. So if anything our exposure we'd like to take it up not down. Now, again that's the price aside comment.
Shankh Mitra: Yes Tom. Rich, if you think about we're always data dependent and if we're always open to the possibilities if that was your question we always are. If things change we will change. But I can tell you if you read the letters that we receive our operators receive and that they share with us sometimes we receive together about what our customers are saying and what we think is the pent-up demand for this business is we do not believe that's happening. If anything I'm not sure you saw -- or you read about Governor Cuomo's presentation yesterday. Majority of the people at least in New York where this data is published with COVID coming to hospitals are coming from homes. Only 4% of the people who are coming to New York hospitals are actually coming from assisted living. That tells you that our industry is doing something right. Now if things change we will change. But we believe that our operators and all of our people in the frontline are doing an amazing work to keep our residents safe. There's obviously no guarantee. Pandemic is everywhere. That's why it's called pandemic, right? But all seeing -- when that's all done when -- and as Tom said when COVID is a distant memory it might prove out to be the other way too. But we are always open to facts and we're always open to new possibilities.
Shankh Mitra: So Todd in Seattle in the beginning of this -- Seattle fell off the cliff at the beginning of this when we started giving you, obviously, all these updates. Occupancy was going down 90 basis points, 100 basis points a week. Now we are seeing occupancy is going down more like 30 basis points, 40 basis points a week something like that. So it is still going down. But obviously, the second derivative improved significantly. All I was pointing out on the other hand in New York, you have seen the infection curve has flattened and it's coming down. But it's sort of -- it's still pretty peak panic here. And obviously, all the states are not open yet. And when that happens, obviously, we'll see the impact on occupancy. But I was trying to drive, sort of, two distinction. It is purely a function of not only the psyche of the consumer, but also how safe our operators feel. I'll give you an example. One of our worst-performing market today is L.A. Southern California has been years- in years- out one of our best performing markets. And why is L.A. which is not as you think it's probably -- you don't think about L.A. today as sort of the most impacted COVID-impacted market. It is meaningfully impacted, but that's not sort of, what you call the eye of the storm. The reason being all of our operators have buildings admissions banned everywhere in Southern California in L.A. particularly. So it is a function of when our operators feel safe enough to open the buildings for new residents. And when that happens you will see occupancy will come back. It is hard to say when that will happen. I will give you some more color for you to think about. Four weeks ago, when we were seeing occupancies going down so let's call it 60 basis points whatever we said in our business update, all our operators were coming down significantly, right? I mean it's happening across the board. You see the first impact. Whoever moves out was – moves. And obviously buildings are shut down. Now we're seeing more nuanced approach and difference of performance. We're seeing some of our operators have flattened out literally flat. We are seeing a couple of our operators are starting to gain occupancy as they have started to open some of the communities particularly as of May 1. So they are more nuanced location by location uncorrelated performance that's based on demographic, psychographics and supply of a given location is starting to happen. But it is too early to say when that will completely manifest and we get back to the norm.
Shankh Mitra: Thank you for that question, Mike. So clarity often comes with a price right? When you mean clarity, you probably mean that when we have clarity, we have a line of the goalpost of what we know what will happen to the NOI. That is generally true for majority of the businesses. It doesn't have to be true for real estate. You know what it costs to build a building in a given location. So if that's the case you can bake in what is the price per door, price per foot of a specific opportunity and then you can have enough margin of safety that you don't have to know what will be the NOI next three months. We have never bought buildings that way. We have our view of what is the margin occupancy and obviously pricing of a building should be with our operators and specific with us – one of our specific operators and we will act accordingly. But it has to be priced in so that we can take that near-term uncertainty to create long-term value.
Shankh Mitra: Yes so, John I know you know this. I know we have said this many times I'm going to have to – I'm going to say it again. It is too early to comment what – how things are going to play out. If we knew exactly what is going to happen we would not have done what we have done by reducing the dividend, right? I hope you acknowledge that. Having said that, I can tell you, there are two types of stories. One I mentioned, we're seeing, across the board, this is not just a Welltower comment. I think you have to acknowledge how hard people on the frontline are working to keep our residents safe provide all the assistance of daily living it is very, very hard. And we are seeing all these letters that are coming from our operators were sharing with us all these letters where residents and their families are thanking our operating partners how much that means to them and how good they feel that they're taken care of in this kind of when this pandemic goes on. That tells us the product there's a true need for the product. Now, as I told you that we – the moment, one of our operators opened a handful of buildings on May 1, the moment that building opened occupancy went up on that day 50 basis points, right? I had a conversation a couple of days ago with one of our operators, one of our best operators in the New Jersey, New York market and the CEO told me that if she opens up buildings today, the occupancy can go up by 300 basis points. There is that much pent up demand. I'm not trying to tell you that it's true for every building. I'm not trying to tell you that will happen. The moment all these communities open occupancy is going to go up by 300 basis points. You asked for a positive story. I gave you a positive story of what we are hearing. It is too early to say how things will play out. If we knew exactly how it will play out we will not be doing what we just did.
Shankh Mitra: Lukas the lease-up definitely, obviously, will be slower than what otherwise would be if COVID didn't happen. We do think they are very strong properties in very strong locations. I can walk through property-by-property and tell you how many deposits we have, et cetera. But the matter of fact is obviously people need to get into the building for obviously that to become a revenue stream. And in this uncertain times that's obviously not happening. Post-COVID they will get back obviously to the leasing velocity, but this is -- there's no question that lease-up what we thought before COVID will be slower. So you can sort of move back everything whatever number of months that you thought it will take. You'll just have to move the number of months you will think that COVID will exist added to that and we will probably get to the similar results. Maybe there will be some pent-up demand, but I think it's safe to assume that it's pushed out.
Shankh Mitra: Yes, Tayo, that's a really, really good question one of the most important questions that we are focused on today. I laid out on my prepared remarks, how we are thinking about getting on offense. Everything we buy is a matter of obviously price and embedded IRR into it. As we sit here today there is nothing we see on the investment side that is more attractive than the stock. And that might change tomorrow that might -- we might see opportunities that are very different tomorrow, but as we sit here today. And if you -- I know you were asking about obviously liquidity, so I'll give you a more comprehensive answer on how we're thinking about buyback, because that's probably is helpful for everybody to think through. As I mentioned in my script, we believe a stock is a fractional ownership in a business. It's not a ticker. I described to you how we're thinking about allocating new capital and getting on offense. That applies to new opportunities as well as the opportunity we know the best. That is our own company. We think buyback should be number one, price sensitive. It should be only done when we think we can do that below, what the business is intrinsically worth. And which as we discussed, should be pretty simple for a real estate company like us, with a fairly good estimate of replacement cost, on price per door, and price per foot basis. Two, it should be need sensitive, should be done keeping our balance sheet sound and after intelligent growth prospects are met. And number three, it should be to the advantage of continuing shareholders. So as you know that we did not buy back stock when it was fashionable to do so. And lots of S&P 500 companies are doing it at the top of the market cycle. In fact, we sold billions of dollars of stock to grow our company. We're not contemplating buying back stock to financially engineer our earnings so that we can get paid. Just the opposite, we just described to you significant management compensation reduction today. At this current state of uncertain world, we believe that buyback is more intelligent form of capital return method, than distributing all the cash, from the business in form of dividend. But as we said, we'll not leverage up the balance sheet at this point, to take that liquidity and buy back stock. Hence, we need to source other forms of liquidity from our own assets. If we do believe that this management team is capable of executing such transaction during this pandemic, then you should think that we'll buyback stock or deploy that capital for other acquisition opportunities. If you don't and you think that the market is too uncertain and we can't get the liquidity from somewhere else then you should not think that we'll deploy cash buyback or not.
Shankh Mitra: So, I'll take that Steve. It is extremely inappropriate for us to get into the details of ProMedica financials. Given that it's a company with obviously have a lot of bonds outstanding. I will tell you that ProMedica is in a fine shape. Your assessment is generally right in the direction that there will be obviously, as you know, all the elective surgeries stopped. Obviously, the post-acute side of the business and the senior housing side of the business got impacted. On the other hand, they have a very large insurance business which obviously is working in a completely -- performing in a completely different direction. Regardless, your general assessment that any operating weakness should be offset by what any system whether ProMedica or not should be receiving from the CARES Act directionally is right. But it is not appropriate for us to get into more details than that. Our coverage does not include obviously any of that and primarily because it's coverage as Tim said. All our coverage reported are on a one quarter lag. And this is the actual operating performance of what happened in the buildings as of December 31st.
Shankh Mitra: I'll take that. John. We think, our obviously an ideal structure, our operating partners do not have. That's not a financial liability. So if you look at, this -- I'm glad you asked this question. If you look at the balance sheet of the large operators this cycle versus the last it's in a meaningfully better position. So that's sort of one general observation, on the second where there is a lease with an operator which is obviously a form of leverage I already had the discussion in response to another colleague of you asked the question how we're thinking about Triple-Net. So, I'm not going to get into that. But generally speaking other than that, right at this moment, we are not contemplating anything else.
Shankh Mitra: And I'll just add Derek. You're asking an extremely good question. We do believe that coming out of this crisis there will be stronger operators. Strong operators will get stronger. Strong operators with more access to technology or other types of health opportunities or outcomes will have -- will get stronger. So there has been a lot of marginal players got into the business because of slip in real estate was very profitable in sort of call it the 2014, 2015, 2016 time frame. And I think that you will see the operators who have been here and time-tested with operating models they will gain market share.
Tim McHugh: Yes, Steve. This is Tim here and I'll take that. So you're correct in thinking through this from the dividend, largely following taxable book income, as part of kind of REIT rules. Our view is that -- I mean, not our view, our expectation is that taxable book income will largely follow profitability. So there shouldn't be a large gap between what you see on the operating performance side and what ends up being kind of taxable income for the year. So you should think without getting too much into kind of how those two things might be slightly different within any given period, you should view the dividend cut is just being more a review on our -- on the management team view of where short-term cash flow's gone.
Tim McHugh: Yes, Vikram. Tim here, again. I noted in my prepared remarks and what we -- how we're kind of thinking about that is Triple-Net or RIDEA is the same business in a different financial structure, right? And we've spent a lot of time talking about there being differences in our ability to control CapEx, various reasons why -- how our businesses evolve as we've become an owner of RIDEA properties in larger part versus Triple-Net properties. But the underlying businesses are largely the same. And the day-to-day business that goes in those facilities is the same. So we expect the performance of assets within the Triple-Net to be very similar to the RIDEA. Obviously, different according to different types of facilities, different geographies, et cetera. But our expectation is that, the Triple-Net fundamentals very much follow the fundamentals from RIDEA side. And as we kind of think about that in terms of how that impacts financials, I think the most conservative way to think about it is that long-term rents in any Triple-Net are going to follow the economics of the buildings. There's a lot more complexity to forecasting that than there's RIDEA where if we think about fundamentals and how they flow we'll see that go one-for-one into our financials. And I'll just say that we've been -- we mentioned rent collections in Seniors Housing Triple-Net to this point have been strong. And it continued to be even into May. And I think that we have not entered any deferral programs. We'll continue to update the market as we kind of think through that. But there will be I think some difference between kind of how those rent checks come in and underlying EBITDAR for some period of time. And it probably matters on the duration of weakness and the extent of it to how -- if any restructures occur how and when they occur.
Tim McHugh: Yes. Okay. On the normalizing. So we -- earlier this quarter Capital Senior announced agreement that came with a couple of other landlords on top of I think when they had come to prior with the third landlord. We're one of those landlords. So, as part of that we restructured our lease with them into essentially runs through year-end, and then the properties will be transitioned. So the write-off there is due to just the straight-line from the remainder of that lease. So that was Capital Senior restructure. And then the provision for loan loss was not a write-off of the actual loan, but it's -- we've impaired the loan under just a change in our view on collectibility. And it's -- you're correct it's a corporate loan it's working capital loan. Part of the loan book that we've continued to shrink meaningfully over time is the non-real estate backed loans partially for this reason. They're obviously a bit riskier than your real estate backed loans. And on kind of cash versus GAAP we give -- in our supplement on the NAV page we break out cash interest rates versus any pick or non-cash interest we're receiving. So that should give you a pretty good idea of kind of the run rate on from both a cash and a GAAP standpoint.
