Rene Jones: I think that -- we don’t have a difference in change. We’ve not changed our thinking. We still have the same view of what the returns generally are on residential mortgage, especially given the role of [indiscernible]. But having said that, we long sort of viewed residential mortgages as substitute for securities. We have the same profile and we clump them all into our discretionary portfolio so what is unusual today is that there’s a big difference in both rates and yields and returns that you can get on mortgages and securities today and so if you start thinking about it, it really doesn’t make sense for us to be selling assets at the same time we’re buying them because we’re basically just giving up the transaction spread. So economically, the best thing to sort of do to balance out your portfolio is just slow down the amount that you’re selling and it sort of helps to keep ourselves neutral. So it’s the cheapest way to keep the balance sheet where we like it.
Rene Jones: You’ve got a 2 part question. The first part is a big chunk of them, 450 million or so just are cheap debt. Their price is so low that we would never sort of call them -- we would retain them. And then the second half of it is sort of what happens with capital, and as you know, we really won’t find out probably for another 6 months exactly what the rules will be around that so I realize that they’ll probably lose their capital content, but I guess the big question really is what is the sort of rules around [indiscernible] and when you think of them and see -- if you were to stack up our capital structure versus everybody else’s, much more of our Tier 1 risk rate is capital -- or let’s say Tier 1 common equity is just dependent upon common equity so we’ve never -- what our likely thinking is going to be thinking about the risk rating of our balance sheet and our minds, is the risk rating today appropriate or do we need to have a different one which would basically mean maybe you’d hold more residential mortgages or some other types of securities slightly. In terms of what we do with the rest of it, it depends on what the rules are. But it’s all callable so we would take it out if it was necessary, but I don’t think you still have enough information around what exact rules are going to be to make that decision today.
Rene Jones: I think that -- if I go back to where we were in January, what we’re talking about is that we have planned to have a certain amount of loan growth for the year, and we didn’t expect to see much in the first half but we thought it would turn around by the second. I think all that is happening. It’s just happening at a much slower pace. So that’s why I mentioned the fact that if you look at first the second, second the third and then now this last quarter, you see a moderation in the decline. The other thing that I think is relatively encouraging is that when we look at this quarter’s decline, almost all of it on the commercial side is lower utilization, and I think what you’re seeing if we kind of work our way across the commercial bank, we’ve seen for example in the Mid Atlantic a number of customers who are paying down debt, repositioning themselves. We’ve seen in the commercial real estate space a number of pretty well healed commercial real estate folks actually just looking at the liquidity and their portfolio, maybe selling down some projects to improve the overall liquidity position. But overall, our commitments are up so I think people are just on hold. The rates are low, they’re trying to lock in some credit today but they’re not necessarily using it because they’re not yet investing. I would guess if the trends continue to improve but I wouldn’t expect a big spike up in loan growth all of a sudden. The other thing I’d point out is that in the volume of loans that run through our senior loan committee, they were higher than last quarter and the returns were better.
Rene Jones: The increase is of $9 million and I think what’s most interesting to me is that in that $9 million increase, there was a $27 million increase in construction and development, and of that $27 million increase in construction and development, 15 million came from [indiscernible] so you’re not going to see a lot of content coming from there. The continued positive trend was that [audio break] so when we look at construction and developments, this is a portfolio that we’ve marked before or a portfolio that we’ve sort of taken -- reserve for in the balance sheet and so there are really no surprises there so I think as Don has been saying for some time, you’re just going to get some lumpiness as we move our way and things improve. It will take some time, and this is one of the quarters where we saw some more C&D actually fall from the classified book into non-performing.
Rene Jones: Loan deposit ratios are proxy, it’s all about liquidity, and really we’re using the resis to replace the runoff and the securities book so on the profile basis, it doesn’t change it very much. I will say that if you look at the numbers, I think our deposit growth was flat but what that’s really driven by is over $450 million of a decline in government deposits from the second to the third, and what you see going into the fourth is that they seasonally spike back up. So I think there’s not that much change. Deposit growth is slower than we’ve seen in the past, and that probably is just consistent with the idea that the flow lending environment is flying out a little bit as well. But there’s not a lot of news there.
Rene Jones: We said in the script, we talked about this idea of putting on [rebounce] to collateralize our government deposits. If you wanted to make a little more money and do that, you’d put on securities, but I think we’re a little cautious because we think that the prices of securities are artificially inflated today based on the government buying and all the news out there so really what we’re doing is nothing and we’re just holding our options open. But you’re right, we would have room if we wanted the balance sheet to be a little bit bigger and we could make a little bit more money but I think we’re still a little cautious and uncertain.
Rene Jones: Why don’t we think about doing that and then we’ll decide how to disclose that publicly. I guess what I would say is it’s hard to do off the cuff. What I would say is that I would guess that when we finish this year, our cost which today goes through revenue would be probably $15 to $17 million for the year, somewhere in that range. Just to give you a sense of what we’re doing, and then that’s tied to a number -- I know we probably get somewhere between 25 and 35 repurchase requests so 25 loans or 35 loans in the course of a month, and then some smaller percentage of that is actually things that we actually settle on and have to pay because people are paying a lot of things back to you but quite frankly, not all of them have a lot of substance. So those are some numbers to start with and then to think about debenturing that.
Rene Jones: We probably sold $2.5 billion of Alt-A loans into the market, and the thing to think about is, if you follow the stories that are going on, one good thing is that if you marry it to the 1.3 that we started with several years ago, and you look at the credit quality of that Alt-A loan book, and compare it to the national averages, it's better. We didn’t like it but it’s better than average. And then the other thing is that we're early in the chain, right? We originated these loans. So, all the noise about title and who has the right titles to it is a little bit less of an issue for us because there were things where we actually did the work to pass the title, right? So, we don’t have an estimate today, but I am not overly worried about it. If the trend comes, it will happen over a long period of time and you'll have fair warning. But we haven’t seen a request today on those books.
Rene Jones: I think the issues that are out there today touch all services, right? So, technically yes, but the extent to which is out there, I don't know. It wouldn’t probably be my space to comment on it. I am just not really familiar with their servicing practice.
Rene Jones: No, I think over the long-term, it's everywhere, but a big part of it's in the commercial side, and I think it's just consistent with what you've been seeing in the downward trend in loan demand, and I think those two things will reverse themselves together. We had, if you look over a longer period of time, maybe two years, we've made a big concerted effort to focus on our deposit products and on the commercial side, our treasury management services, and we definitely have gained access to new customers over that time period. So, we're probably much better positioned going into the future than we were in the past.
Rene Jones: No, we had a few million dollars of increase in an ORE costs from some reappraisals. We also had higher processing fees for cards and merchant services, which means the volume is coming up, which we sometimes see in September. Kind of funny, everybody goes back to school; they spend a lot of money. Then we had higher professional services expenses that we recorded, and I did talk about the idea that we're going to be spending on deposit related activities in the future last quarter.
Rene Jones: It's the first part of the repo trade I mentioned, and I think it’s exactly $400 million, and that was driven by the need to collateralize the government deposits as they spike up. It sort of peaks right about now, right around the 15 of October.
Rene Jones: Yeah, for now I think that’s the best estimate I can give you, maybe 500 or $500 million to $600 million more than we have in the past quarter.
Rene Jones: Yeah. I guess the answer that I have to start with is our short-term position. So we are very comfortable with our liquidity position, and in fact, we are probably, we could as one of the other callers mentioned, we could afford probably more short-term borrowings if we wanted to but we don’t necessarily see what the opportunities are on the asset side. So we haven’t done anything there. Then the long term, we sort of bucket everything out in our long-term borrowings. You look at our FHLB borrowings and as they begin to mature, we kind of look at them. We don’t see any problem with rolling them over, but pretty much we don’t expect much of a change. I would say as you look 12 months out maybe out, maybe we will lesser them over and use a little bit more short-term, but I don’t expect much of a change and the borrowing costs really hasn’t changed much for the last six months in those periods, because LIBOR has been flat and they're all LIBOR-based borrowings.
Rene Jones: It's much of what I had mentioned earlier. I think, again, you saw about $27 million of addition in construction development. If I look at where those were, a couple of them -- as I said 15 of it was Provident. So, a couple of them were in the Mid-Atlantic space. We had one that was -- I think it’s in Pennsylvania, but I can’t quite see it in front of me. So that was really what drove most of it. In terms of Manhattan, we haven’t seen much of a change. We still have the one large property that’s in the ORE, and that hasn’t moved yet, but we are working on that.
Rene Jones: On the consumer side, well, when I throw out Provident, we were up something like five basis points on the quarter, 161 versus 155, and that's actually down five basis points from a year earlier, so not much change. That's 30-day plus on the consumer side. And then I talked about the classified loan book in my comment.
Rene Jones: I guess what I would say is that we feel pretty good about our overall condition in our health, and I am still very positive that there will be a fair amount of opportunities for M&T in the future. I have not seen anything that would tell me that that's not going to be the case. Today, what you see is a lot of small institutions that don't have a lot of strategic value, who have difficulties from a regulatory standpoint or performance standpoint. But I don't think that’s sort of where we make our hay. I think it comes from as people think through the difficult environment and they think about who they want to partner with as opposed to sell their institution, then the opportunities for us are probably going to be pretty bright.
Rene Jones: Yeah. I have that. I mean it's around 2, but let me give you the exact number. It hasn't really changed much in the fairly long times, give me one second. Yeah, it’s 1.97%.
Rene Jones: Most of our C&I book in our business, they are all float-off a one month LIBOR, so it's slightly more floating than it is fixed.
Rene Jones: I don’t. I probably have the duration of my total discretionary portfolio, which is securities and resi mortgages, which when you combine that together it would be 2.7 years.
