Daryl Bible: I would say it depends, obviously, on the environment that you’re in and whether we’re doing a transaction or not doing a transaction. But you typically would want to operate with a buffer of maybe 50 to 100 basis points over what’s required from the regulations and what we have there would probably be a way to probably peg it.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Yes. I think it’s a long history here at M&T. I mean if you look at it, we have been a disciplined selection on client selection, sponsorship and underwriting, and our loss history is really low and kind of shows that. The future remains uncertain. But if you look at it, it’s not a predictor of the past, and we’re going to lean in on our client selection and underwriting approach has really not changed. LTVs are strong, and we have a really good approach to our underwriting. Our largest sponsors that we have right now are supporting their credits, they are putting money into credit refinancing. And many of the charge-offs that we realized in ‘23 came from, what I would say, not long-term clients. They are more financial or institutional type money. But over the long-term, we think that our client selection will win the day.
Daryl Bible: Yes. If you look at where the increases came from multifamily, it’s really more interest rate driven is really what’s driving that. It might have a little bit higher operating cost. But for the most part, their NOI business models are performing very well. So eventually, over time, I think that will cure ourselves and do relatively well. If you look at construction, construction overall is actually outperforming what’s going on out there. there is stress in some of the takeouts right now. But as rates come down, I think agency takeouts will actually help in that sector.  On the healthcare side, right now, it’s really more of a reimbursement problem. While – and costs are going up, it takes a while for them to get better reimbursement costs. So I think that will help over time. There is a lot of demand in that sector. And I think as costs level off, plus there is an active takeout market through agencies like HUD from that perspective. In the office, if you look at office, the one advantage we have in office is that we have a really good distribution of maturities. Over two-thirds of our maturities start in ‘26 and beyond. So I think that’s a positive. And the other property types we have like retail and hotel are generally stable to improving.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So the guide that we gave at $6.7 billion to $6.8 billion. I would say with our 325 basis point cut would be at the higher end of that range. sent closer to $6.8 billion, I think, from that perspective. If rates go maybe five cuts or six cuts maybe or maybe a lower end of that range. We’ve decided that over the next couple of quarters, we’re going to try to move as close as you can to a neutral position. We started to put some money into securities, and we will continue to do some hedges and interest rate swaps. We’re going to average in over time, we’re going to do it all at once and just kind of dollar average in to get it more neutral so that we can produce stable and predictable earnings over time and not have impact on interest rates. So I think we feel pretty good about what we’re seeing there. And from a deposit beta perspective, I would tell you that deposit betas maybe or close to peaking from that perspective. Maybe our net interest margin is close to bottoming out maybe in the next quarter or two. So I feel actually pretty good that we will be able to start to grow NII maybe towards the second half of the year and definitely into 2025.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Yes, let me take your first question first. So, we really don’t take into account the forward curve when we go through the review that we’re doing. A lot of the properties, like I said earlier, like multifamily is more rate driven than anything else. Their business models are intact. So you have good NOI. I would say, as rates fall, if rates go maybe 100 basis points or more, that could be and probably will be a positive impact for our credit costs. Now it may not flow in as rates actually materialize and have to come through when we’re doing our next review but with that pressure, I think, would alleviate and probably have an impact on the levels that you’re seeing from that perspective. From an office perspective, that part of the sector is a little bit different because it also has some structural challenges. So if you look at that, that’s going to probably play out more over time. it’s going to be when leases and vacancy rates kind of mature off. We’re just blessed to have a longer time from a maturity perspective, which is great planning from the credit team. The top risk that we have there are embedded in the ratings and reserves that we have. valuations that we have, I think, takes into account the risk. I think we’re around 4.4% right now. So I think we feel good at that. And if you look at the real cover will be when leases mature and you have resizing risk, what’s going to happen at that point. But we have a lot of time for that to play out. I would tell you, if you just look at the Signature transaction, there is a lot of money out on the sidelines that will definitely come in and play and be there. Right now, there is a difference between bid-ask spreads, but there is money that will come into the market at some point.
Daryl Bible: We did. I would say reserve builds were mainly driven by the increase in criticized. If you look at our page that we have in the slide deck, the actual office criticized numbers actually fell. Our increases in criticized were in healthcare and multifamily and in hotel. And those are really ones driving the increase. That was probably two-thirds of the increase. The other third was due to the loan growth that we had, which was C&I and consumer loans. So you can kind of see that the build wasn’t that large for the increases that we had. We just really don’t feel we have a lot of loss component because of the loan-to-value ratios that we have and the collateral that we have on those transactions.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So when we have done these reviews, I would say we have about 60% of the CRE portfolio. That’s been a very thorough review. Obviously, we’re picking the larger one to ones that are in larger cities that might have more risk from a valuation decline. We’re being probably on average about a 20% decrease in valuations. Our valuations are probably current within the last year or so. So we feel really good with that. We continue to have reviews every quarter. And continue to be very thorough on how we’re looking at that. But I think the reserves we have today, I feel pretty good about it.
Daryl Bible: John, I would love to tell you that this is the peak of our criticized. We have to finish up what we did. The majority of our construction loans, we have a little bit more construction loans to do this next quarter. And we’re always subject to getting more information in as we get new financials and new vacancy information and all that. But I feel pretty good that we did a very thorough review of what we have out there. We really looked at all the spots that we thought. We’d have the most risk and really took that into account. But I can’t here tell you today that we’re at the top at some point, hopefully, we will be able to say that.
Daryl Bible: I think the increase that we have today was basically a review of looking at everything that we have out there. And I would tell you that interest rates probably was the biggest one. Labor cost was probably the next biggest increase. There was a little bit of increase in C&I as well. And then C&I, there was nothing idiosyncratic there. There was a mixture of – if you look at it, the largest 13 credits, seven different industries. So it’s pretty diverse from that perspective. So we feel pretty good overall with where we stand. Only 6% of our criticized has gone into non-accrual, at kind of what our historical numbers have been. And when I talked when – Gerard asked the question, we really feel good about our client selection. We’re seeing our sponsors and clients really stand up and really support these credits. And we think that what we haven’t classified is the right direction. That doesn’t mean a few may not flip into non-accrual. But I think for the most part, we don’t really see a large period of losses. If we did, we would have had to put more in the reserves, and that’s – that what we’re seeing we’re projecting.
Daryl Bible: M&T has always done acquisitions and have grown over the years. Our business model is really to stick to the regions that we’re in and to really meet the needs of those communities. And we like to grow share in those markets. So whether you need scale or not, I’ve been on both sides of that right now. And I would tell you that it’s not something you have to have, it’s something if it makes sense. I mean when you acquire somebody, you got to make sure it’s a good cultural fit, first and foremost, that is critical. You have to really make sure that if you get synergies that those come through, both on the expense and revenue side. So we closed on Peoples. We’re starting to get – got all the cost synergies. We’re in the midst of investing now more into New England and Long Island. So we’re going to continue to grow that. It usually takes, I would say, 3 to 5 years to really get the total performance from these acquisitions. So we still have a lot of work to do from that. I’m sure down the road, M&T is a favorite acquirer, somebody might want to sell to us at some point. But right now, we got a lot of work in front of us. And we’re focused on really making that. It’s one of our top four priorities right now, and we’re going to do that and deliver that.
Daryl Bible: Frank, I would love to be buying shares back, especially at the level that we’re trading at right now. I think it’s a really good value. Right now, we just want to make sure that we go through the stress test, we find out where our limits are. We got to make sure there is a lot of uncertainty out there, and we just don’t want to go into a recession and if we do that, probably would hold back for those purposes. But – we’re in the midst of really making a really strong bank. We’re really changing it to be less relying on balance sheet, commercial real estate and really more driven through off-balance sheet products and services, and we’re growing our other businesses, both on the balance sheet and in fees, and we’re really excited about that. I promise you we will do share repurchases. I can’t tell you when that’s going to happen, but it is core to our strategy, and we will definitely do that when we think it’s appropriate.
Daryl Bible: Yes. No, that’s good questions. So we did see through the quarter – in the fourth quarter that our DDA balances were starting to stabilize. That’s one of the biggest components of what’s impacting net interest income is that migration from DDA into sweeps. Hopefully, that will kind of play out in the next quarter or two as that kind of stabilizes. I think when you look at the retail side of the chain, we still grow our CD book, that will probably continue as to rates really start to fall. You didn’t really see growth in CDs till we got over 3%. So we will probably have to go down a little bit before that growth following slows down a bit. But it’s important that we price that correctly. In our disclosures, we combine our retail CDs with our broker CDs and I did say in the prepared remarks that we probably plan to shrink our broker CDs over time. So that category will probably fall throughout the year, but it’s probably driven more by non-clients. From a trust perspective, it had a modest impact on it. I would say it wasn’t that big of an impact from that. It was really just drop in more in the commercial space for the most part.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, if you look at our betas on a cumulative basis going up, we are now in the low-50% range, but that includes the broker piece of that. So, if you take that away, we are probably in the mid-40s. And on the downside, I would probably say early on, we will start probably in the 40s on the way down as well. And as it goes down, though, you won’t be able to sustain that because while we increased a lot of our rates higher in the commercial area and our wealth area and some of our institutional areas, so those will come down as they went up. The retail side really did not come down, didn’t go up as much, so it won’t come down as much. So, if you were down 100 basis points or 200 basis points, you are actually going to have a declining beta impact is probably what you are going to see play out depending on how much the Fed actually lowers rates. But I think early on, you are going to see something similar to that on the way down in the 40s would be my best guess.
Daryl Bible: Alright. I know, it is, we feel really good where our reserve is right now. I can’t promise it’s not going to go up. But we have been – done a very thorough review of all of our – what we think are higher risk type credits in the CRE space, in the commercial space as well. So, no promises that it can’t go up anymore, but we feel really good where we are today and where we are reserved.
Daryl Bible: I – if you look at what our clients have been saying, for the most part, they have been more on the sidelines and really been leery of investing in their businesses. I think it’s actually, I get kind of excited. If the Fed just lowers rates just a little bit, I think their markets will get excited and you are going to have some things take off, and there will be a lot more investment, which will help the lending side. I actually will get more excited on the fee side as well. We saw a fair amount of activity just in December with the move that we had in the yield curve in treasuries, where there was a lot of pent-up demand and we were able to do some placements in our commercial mortgage area, and you saw that flow through with some fee income. So, I get kind of excited that if the Fed just lowers rates just a little bit, I think we are going to have more momentum come through than what you are actually seeing maybe in the guide that we have.
Daryl Bible: We go through the analysis. I mean it’s a model, right. And it’s based on our variables. So, if you look at the variables we had this past quarter, the variables for like GDP and unemployment were basically unchanged. And they actually got a little bit better on creepy [ph] and on HPI. So, that actually helped in the reserve calculation. So, we are using the macro variables coupled with what – how we think that the credits are rated from a credit perspective and it all comes together. From a timing perspective, I think it’s hard to say exactly when reserves will get adjusted. Right now, we feel good with what we have given what our risk is that we know right now on the credit side. But over time, probably, there will be some reserves, but it releases by – you just don’t know when that’s going to happen. So, it’s all – more model-driven.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I would say – I think it was Erika’s question for when I was saying as rates fall, as the beta will start to come down just because the consumer side did not go up as much. So, I think we will start off at a higher pace. But as that comes down, that will be less from that. If you look at it, I actually like the level of interest rates where we are today. I mean we are in the low-5s is where the Fed is. If we stay, let’s say, in the 4% range or maybe even as low as 3%. As long as we price our assets and deposits appropriately, to getting back to basic business and we get good spreads on that. There is no reason we can will have very healthy net interest margins for a very long period of time. It’s all about pricing your assets and deposits frankly making sure you are putting prepayment language in on your fixed loans and making sure you are pricing deposits appropriately. But it’s a great environment for banking and margins. I feel really good from that. Would we trend higher than where we are today, probably over time, but it really comes down to discipline. You really work on the asset mix change at that time. In times like that, when rates tend to be in that time period, economy seems to be going pretty well. So, you probably have good loan growth out there and pretty decent deposit growth. So, I actually get excited once rates come down a little bit, and we can really operate the bank. Historically, I think we will have good, really good returns.
Daryl Bible: I think that’s pretty much spot on, Brian. But I would say. Darren did a great job in this role, and he also called exactly what our charge-offs were going to be in the beginning of the year, and they came in pretty much spot on. So, he did a great job in this role. But when I look at it and see what’s happening, if I call it right, maybe we bottom in the next quarter or two quarters and then it just margin then we can start growing from there. So, I am pretty much in that camp as well.
Daryl Bible: I feel really good at the way we are positioned. What makes us so strong is we are really good at how we price our assets. But what really makes it is that we are great at growing operating accounts. And that funding source is really starting to come back on and growing nicely. So, we always have and probably will have a top quartile net interest margin. So, I feel really good about that. We may operate a little bit lower just because we are going to carry a little bit more liquidity. Right now, we are carrying about $4 billion more liquidity just because we increased our internal stress liquidity scenarios based upon some of the learnings that we had from earlier in the year from that perspective. So, that cost us 6 basis points this quarter, it doesn’t really impact NII a whole lot, but it impacts your margin just because you were sending water on assets and liabilities, they don’t make anything. But I feel really good in this rate environment, managing a balance sheet and doing the right thing for our customers and for our communities is really what banking is all about, and I think we will be able to execute and perform really well in that environment.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I mean the 4.4 is really a general amount. There could be a little bit of specific embedded in that. But it’s – the bulk of it is more of a general reserve from what we are seeing from that perspective. We are seeing our clients or sponsors really step up and really support these credits. We think that with charge-offs that we had this past year were really more financial and institutional oriented. But our sponsors because they are long-term real estate owners of the property, I mean they basically own properties where they want to own them in a certain block and city of where they have it. So, it’s really long-term oriented. They tend to have really low tax basis in these properties, and they are going to support these credits over time. So, that’s really what we are seeing there. When we go through and look at whether we should grade it as criticized or not, you are seeing some pressure on the debt service coverage ratio. Once it falls under 1.1, it goes into the 11, which is a criticized camp. But the vast majority of what we have in criticized is between 1 and 1.1. Yes, we had 1s under 1 in that level, but the vast majority we have there. So, over time I think those will cure and won’t result in loss for the most part. We did raise losses up a little bit for ‘24. Some of that was really normalization on the consumer portfolio. And then some of it is maybe working out a few more credits off. But for the most part, what we have in criticized is not materializing into losses.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, we had a couple of things going on there. So, if you look at what we have right now, we are probably going to take anywhere from $3 billion to $5 billion this year and move from cash into the securities book over time. We are going to really focus on non-convex type securities. We don’t have extension. So, if we buy something at a duration of 3 years, it stays in a 3 years perspective. Yields that we are seeing right now are probably in the mid-4s plus or minus. So, I think that’s going on pretty well. The other good benefit that we have is we have about $9 billion of U.S. treasuries. Those U.S. treasuries average a yield close to 2%. So, those are going to re-price and we are going to put those back out and probably 2-year, 3-year, 4-year type duration or maturity treasuries and we are going to re-price up over 200 basis points there. So, I think that’s a real positive. So, we are seeing a nice uplift in the securities portfolio. The other thing to note, and I will just switch over to the loan book, Ken, if you don’t mind, is that on the consumer book, our auto didn’t really grow, but the volume we put on in our auto lending was like 250 basis points higher than what it was rolling off at. If you look at the RV portfolio, and that did grow some this past quarter. That was also up a couple of hundred basis points with a higher yield. So, we are – from a reactivity perspective, our fixed portfolios are starting to really show and perform and have much higher yields.
Daryl Bible: It’s – I would say, it’s mainly in the consumer book is the book that’s probably going to re-price higher. From a C&I and CRE perspective, most of that is more floating because we are more like 60% floating, 40% fixed. So, if you look at it like that, mortgage portfolio, for the volume we put on in mortgage will be I think probably at attractive yields. There is not a lot of activity. We are going to originate and sell all conforming. So, we generate fee income and not put it on the balance sheet, but we will support our clients and wealth. We will support our customers that we have for moderate and low income housing. So, there will be some volumes that go on in those portfolios. So, that will re-price higher. That would just be a little bit slower because the volumes won’t be as high.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, I would say our plans right now are to bring our CRE portfolio down probably another $3 billion. If you look in the last couple of years, we have been shrinking CRE about $3 billion a year. That gives us time to basically work with our clients and meet their needs with more off-balance sheet alternatives. So, we are doing it on a measured pace so we can do it and still meet the needs of our good long-term clients from that perspective. As far as what percentage we are going to head for, I know it’s going to be lower than 25%, I can’t tell you. You got a couple of things going on, CRE shrinking and the other portfolio increasing. So, my guess is, you will probably see it drop a little bit faster than you won’t might expect [ph] if we are successful or growing C&I and some of our consumer book.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, when you look at efficiency ratio, it’s all about growing revenues faster than expenses. That’s really what I kind of look at from that perspective. We really have a challenging time in ‘24 growing revenue so much just because we got net interest margin coming down some. So, my hope is that it levels off ‘24 and starts to grow later in ‘24. So, we can start in ‘25 and start to have positive operating leverage from that perspective. I would tell you I am very pleased with working with the leadership team that we have here at M&T. We all agreed to come in and all business lines came in with flat expenses and basically finding cost cuts to cover their merit increases, and they kind of did that in their own businesses. So, I think that was really well done from that perspective. We are guiding up a couple of percent just because we are making some investments and some really key projects like digital, like data. We have two transformations going on right now, one in finance, the other in commercial. We are investing in our treasury management businesses. So, we have got a lot of investments. But given our leadership team, I feel good that we will be able to contain what growth we need there and that we won’t have – the goal would be to have revenue real faster than expenses is really what we try to shoot for, and that will kind of drive good positive operating leverage.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I mean when I look at the levers that we have on the expense side, there is a lot of opportunities. If you look at it, our procurement and sourcing areas are continuing to improve and get better in that area, I think we still have opportunities in our corporate real estate area to get more square feet down over time. We are really working with workforce management and really how to do our operations the most efficiently possible I think our call centers have a lot of opportunity from an automation perspective. One of our themes that we have in 2024 is simplification, really trying to simplify what we are doing today. So, on the transformations that are going on, how we do this, we will have less processes and much more simple way, getting things done in a much more efficient way of getting them done from that perspective. For me, it always comes down to how we prioritize, we are going to prioritize in the priorities that we have in this company, and I talked about those projects. If we can focus on those and really not have any other of the other investments kind of play out, we can control expenses really well and to continue to generate positive operating leverage as we get revenues to start to grow again.
