Darren King: Sure. So let's just kind of walk through each of the categories to try and help give a little clarity to what we were expecting to happen. If we start with the non residential real estate consumer loan side, and you look at where the growth has been, it has been primarily in indirect both in auto and rec fi and those growth rates has been pretty consistent over the first half of the year. And fairly consistent with what we saw in 2016. So we expect those trends to continue. And our rec fi was little high in the second quarter which is fairly typical given that it's bodes and are reason that tends to be the time of the year when people are looking for those kinds of vehicles. When we -- residential real estate, it has been in a run down mode since acquired the Hudson City portfolio and the rate has averaged kind of 14% to 16% a quarter and we foresee that continuing. When we look at the commercial real estate part of the balance sheet, it's been relatively flat this year. And there are a couple things that are going on within the portfolio. Notably, some of the construction balances that we originated in late 2014 and 2015, those projects have kind of under completion and are converting to permanent. And often times the permanent financing is something that happens outside of the bank. So we are seeing a little bit of shift in the commercial real estate balance mix, a little bit away from construction towards more permanent. And that shift is leading us to the more flat in terms of where those balances have been for the first half of the year. But the mix is helpful from a risk weighted asset perspective. On the C&I side, what we've been seeing is slow growth and they kind of bounces around a little bit within the quarter. When we look by industry we don't see any industry that sticks out really positively or negatively. And when we look by geography, we are not really seeing anything that sticks out positively or negatively. What I think we are seeing or what I guess the feedback that we receive when talking to our customers about their thoughts, the word that I was come back to is uncertainty. And the thing that is on everyone's mind or appears to be is when we will have some direction out of Washington on several factors. When we talk to healthcare clients for instance, which we do a lot of business in skilled nursing facilities, the Affordable Care Act is at the front and center of their thought process. And the uncertainty in which direction it might go is leading them to pause before making any investments so that they know what they might be able to expect from a cash flow perspective before they take on new debt and consider expansion. We talked to manufacturing clients; we see some interest in expansion. Their first priority would be to grow by maybe adding some capacity through second shifts or additional labor. But the labor markets are tough for them to find skilled workers and they are reticent to invest in new equipment at the moment again given the uncertainties around where the economy is going. So that's kind of the background to our outlook and we are not dire on the economy by any stretch. But I'd say there are some uncertainty and some cautiousness that when we look at the balance sheets of our customers and you saw it in our credit performance metrics, the business is very healthy. They are still more optimistic than they were at the start or at this point last year. Maybe it's come down a little bit since the election highs but it's still generally optimistic. They are just waiting for a little more certainty before they make any decisions and those companies that are investing are leaning more on their cash which have been at all time high in their business rather than taking on new debt. So until we get some little bit more certainty out of Washington I think we are likely in the spot for a little while longer and that's what is reflected in our comments. Now we think that C&I will be a slow growth part of the portfolio over the next couple of quarters.
Darren King: Sure. When you look at some of the components in those Fed balances and you start to see it also in the deposit balances on the other side of the ledger. You've got some volatility in some of the escrow balances, as well as in what we call trust demand deposit which are a function of some of the M&A activity that's going on in the marketplace. And those two sets of balances will move around a little bit as activity, M&A activity shifts as well as our mortgage servicing customers look at third balances and try to manage their interest income. So you'll see a little bit of volatility in those when we look at where the cash balances were this quarter. It's probably in the right range as we go forward but they will tend to move around. I'll remind you that at this point last year they were over $10 billion. We've seen them move around and come back down into what we consider a more normal range over the course of the first half of this year. And as we go forward my best advice is to think kind of in the $4 billion to $6 billion range and those things can move around a little bit within that spectrum.
Darren King: Sure. So we haven't seen the full benefit of the June hike in the second quarter's NIM so there is some upside we believe we are projecting based on that increase. But it won't be the whole increase that we traditionally seen. And we think that will be muted slightly by some pressure we see on loan margins as well as by the debt that we are going to issue. But overall we expect some extension in the margin in the third quarter and probably leveling off a little bit in the fourth given that there are no rate increases projected until December.
Darren King: Sure. Happy to elaborate on that, Geoff. And your thought process is very consistent with how we think about things. When went into CCAR 2017, the expectations for the economy and for loan growth were a lot different than what they proved to be over the course of the last six months and clearly over the last three. So we put our projections together and we put our baseline together. We are all given scenarios that you have GDP growth and employment forecast and based on those we project forward what we think our growth will be both in loans and balances as well as interest income. Fees what have you to calculate PPNR. And what I think is happened -- more than what I think is happened what I know is happened is reality has had rate increases come faster than what was those in CCAR projections and loan growth is a little bit slower which is creating more capital for us and for the industry. And if we had seen that information in those projections then our asks certainly would have been different than what it was. When we kind of expected that it would be down a little bit year-over-year just given the magnitude of the ask-in in 2016 because of this excess capital we are carrying as a result of the Hudson City acquisition. But overall when we look at CCAR and how things went this year, we are actually quite optimistic in how things went. Obviously getting our approval was a good thing but when we look at some of the changes and how the Fed's models are working in particular when you look at PPNR, we think they've started to take a more company specific approach to how they evaluate PPNR. And we saw our PPNR percentage of assets over the nine quarter project period go up and it went up pretty much more than anyone else in our peer group. And we think reflects the consistent earnings that we've had in the low volatility of earnings that we produce. So that's a positive on a go forward basis. And we also saw decrease in the loss rate's forecast on the mortgage portfolio. They are still high by our estimates. But part of what's in there is I know a service by others portfolio where some of the information is harder to get and to provide as part of our submission. But that's a declining portfolio. So when we look at where we are we see a lot of positives going forward that the PPNR puts us in a good position. And obviously the margin increase and the capitals that we are producing every quarter sets us up well and the loan growth -- we like to see the loan growth but if doesn't come we will -- that will also create capitals that we will be able to distribute in the future. So overall in our eyes it's -- it was positive outcome and we look forward to next year.
Darren King: So with regards to written agreement, we are working with our regulators now to go through the work that we've completed and to make sure that it is 100% compliant with the terms of written agreement and that we fulfilled all of our obligations which we of course believe we have done. And we are just working through that with the regulators now to -- hope that they will agree with our assessment and we will be able to have a positive resolution to that sometime this year.
Darren King: It's given where we've been for the first half of the year. It's probably likely that we'll end up a little bit below the 55% range. This quarter was abnormally low, even exceeded our own expectations. And I think there is a couple -- one primary factor there which is deposit pricing just hasn't been as reactive as I don't think we are or anyone in the industry thought which really create a lot of net interest income and helped to bring that efficiency ratio down. As we look forward we believe at some point we are going to start to see that. It hasn't happened yet but we'll start to see that and as I mentioned before we'll have a little bit of elevation in expenses of the second quarter number for some of the legal issues that we are working on. And the combination of those two things I suspect will have the efficiency ratio little bit higher than where it was in the second quarter but full year we are likely to be below the 55%, the bottom end of the 55% that we've talked about earlier in the year.
Darren King: Sure. So all else equal if we were -- if we were starting the 2018 capital plan submission today, the distribution request would likely be higher than what it is or was in 2017. Just given the fact that our capital ratios have gone up and that the net income -- sorry the PPNR production is also improved. And it's always been our philosophy and how we run the bank to put that shareholder capital to best use and a return above our long-term cost to capital. We typically want to invest that in the business which is by growing the business. And then after that we look to distribute to the shareholders through a combination of dividends and buybacks. When we look at M&A, we don't hold excess capital on the comp hoping that M&A will show up. We've always been successful going to the market if we need capital to fund an acquisition and raising that capital because of our shareholder return focus and generally the positive financial nature of the deals that we've been able to do in the past. And we would expect that to continue. So now when we look at where we sit from a capital perspective, we continue to target operating at the low end of the peer range in terms of our CET-1 ratio given our credit history and our low volatility of earnings. And put that money back to work first in the business. Second, distribute to shareholders and then as acquisition opportunities present themselves, and if they are attractive from financial perspective as well as from a strategic perspective then we would put that money to work in an acquisition.
Darren King: So the process is you would not put anything in the plan that wasn't definite. So in the plan if you already had a merger agreement in place then your CCAR plan would include the assumption that deal closed during the CCAR period. You would forecast the PPNR of the combined entity. You would forecast the charge-offs in the combined entity and you would look at what your capital ratios are, assuming that two organizations will merge and then you would make your capital distribution request based on that. You wouldn't hold capital and put in a deal that isn't even on the table on the assumption that something might happen. It's got to be known to the extent that a merger presents itself in the middle of the period; you would resubmit or provide an updated capital plan and kind of mini CCAR if you will, with your merger request.
Darren King: So on C&I and when you look at what's going on with the balances within there, there is a number of components that are happening. One, when you look at credit lines and line utilization. We saw those cap out in the second quarter and start to flatten out. So people not drawing on the lines anymore are one thing that starts to slowdown the growth. I'll remind you that history has said that in the third quarter we tend to see a decrease in C&I balance because of our auto floor plan business that is the model year changeover. You tend to see a decrease in the third quarter before the new model year start to show up in the showroom floor, which tends to increase in the fourth quarter. And then when you look more broadly at the C&I, whenever in any quarter and in any year there is a mix of pay down, pay offs and new originations. And when you see the decrease in loan balances it's generally a function of the pace of new originations as opposed you see us speed up in pay down. So when we look at the loan growth that we had and what we foresee, it's not that we are seeing charges-off increase that are bringing balances down or prepayment speed increase. What we are just seeing is more cautious attitude from our customers towards the future and originations being a little bit slower than what we had seen through 2016.
Darren King: I think CRE will be flattish to slightly growing. It's obviously a function of activity and what's going on in the construction and real estate market in general. We did see a little bit of slowdown in construction; at least with our customer base overall the last sort of while they have been working on the projects that we had financed for them through 2016 and in latter half of 2015. Now if you look at where our growth was last year, particularly in the second half of the year was very heavy in CRE and in construction. And our customers are busy with those projects and not taking on new business. Over time those will come to pay down and we mentioned I think a couple of times that will flip into more of a pay down mode in the construction side over the course of the second half of 2017 and into 2018. And then we'll see where new activity goes. And whether it picks back up on the construction side or shifts more towards the permanent site.
Darren King: It's a great question. It's a tough one to handicap only because we are still in a territory we've never been in before. And we all keep expecting that something is going to happen but it hasn't. So on the side that says things will stay the way they are. You see bank loan to deposit ratio is still below a 100%. You see changes in the money fund industry and that alternative is still less attractive than it was. And you see absolute Fed fund rates lower than they were at the end of the last time Fed funds were this low. So it's still little bit of un-chartered territory. On the side that you say we might start to see movement, certain customers especially larger balanced customers will start to pay more attention to the rates that they are getting. And we'll see a little bit of pressure there but at this point we still are expecting that they just will remain relatively low for one more hike at least maybe two. And in terms of where we are seeing any activity all tends to be larger balanced customers where it's more of one off conversation. Where we are talking to them based on our total relationship, being a relationship oriented bank. And we see some movement on the consumer side generally in the CD space mainly in the 1and 12 months terms. You seem some kind of new terms coming up of 13 and 14 months from certain competitors and certain geographies but overall pricing has been fairly stable. And we anticipate that it's likely to continue that way for the next little while. If you do see any increase in deposit, often times they are customers who have an index driven rate and when you see the rates move it's because the index move. But overall still pretty quite on the deposit front.
Darren King: It's a great question. And it's something that we spend a lot of time looking at given the nature of that business and how competitive it is and how good accessed information is from the dealer network about what others are doing. And we are aware of the pull back that we've seen from others industry. It had relatively modest effect on our origination so far. Mainly because the space that we operate in isn't the super prime and it's not the subprime. It's not even really the near prime. It's kind of the lower end of prime. I don't know whether there is such a category or not maybe we are naming one here. But that customer base and that credit window that we've operated in has been pretty consistent for probably the last three or four years. And the volumes that we originate have also been fairly steady month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. They can move around if we average let say $120 million a month, it can drop down to $100 million and it can go up to $140 million, $150 million but we don't see it doubling in any month or quarter or shrinking down materially below $100 million because that customer space where we are looking at cyco, we are looking at the vehicle itself and the term is spot where we have been pretty consistent and our volumes have been pretty consistent as a result.
Darren King: So on the securities portfolio, there is a couple things. We slowdown little bit some of the reinvestment of the cash flows that we were paying off from the mortgage backed securities. And we did a little repositioning of the securities portfolio to increase the percentage that is in Ginnie Mae in particular to improve the percentage to qualify as the top tier of high quality of liquid assets. And as we made that switch you start to see a little bit movement in the margin because those tend to have slightly lower coupon than the other asset categories. But there is no change that we made in terms of the duration of the portfolio and yes --
Darren King: It's definitely we are hearing it from the RMs Brian but if you look at the decrease in those deposit balances, the biggest drivers are really the escrow balances and the trust demand balances. They are maybe a little of it, that's part of the phenomenon that you are referencing. But at this point or for this quarter I should say that wasn't the biggest driver there. It was really more of the escrow and the trust demand.
Darren King: So when you look at that line item, Brian, there is a couple of things that were really driving the change quarter-to-quarter. One was loan fees. We had a fairly active quarter in our advisory and syndication parts of the bank. So they had a very strong quarter. And then the other part of it is our investment in Bayview and that the over time the carrying cost of that is now down to zero. So instead of that number being negative in that other income line is now zero. So that one is definitely recurring and will be around for a while. The loan fees obviously we are hopeful that those will continue at that level but obviously that moves around with the market.
Darren King: So the rate of decrease should start to slow in particular as it relates to the margin. So when you look at what's in that book slightly over half is less than a year in terms of duration. And skewed towards six months and less. There is half of the book that we still need to reprise. But it will reprise over a longer time horizon because those were time deposits that we are carrying at two, three and five year term on them. And it's going to take the course of the next couple of years for those to reprise. So you've got half of the book that has been reprised probably couple of times already and are closer to market rate. And then you've got the other half that will reprise probably in equal proportions over the next three years.
Darren King: Sure. If you look at the bank overall, we remain asset sensitive. That sensitivity is come down a little bit in the second quarter and you probably see that in the Q when it comes out that when you look at the impact of rates moving up or down 100 basis points which will you see is a slightly lower increase in net interest income when rates go up. But the offset is that obviously is that if rates were to drop you would see a slightly less smaller decrease in net interest income when rates go down. And really what we were thinking over the course of the start of the year was that we had an extra hike that we didn't anticipate. I don't think anyone did in March. And that the rate increases given our asset sensitivity create a lot of net interest income. And not that we are expecting rates go down. But if rates were to go down, with deposits not reprising that increase would equally go away. And we though it was prudent, and again as we think about managing the bank for lower volatility, start to lock in a little bit of that. And in the quarter we hedged about $4 billion of the balance sheet and give it in kind of equal parts of loan hedges or cash flow hedges as well as deposit related hedges or funding hedges, debt hedges and that produce that change in sensitivity which lower the asset sensitivity a little bit. And whether we do more or not remains to be seen depending on what the forward curves look like. But as rates move throughout the quarter we didn't think that it made sense to continue that so we stopped it at $4 billion.
Darren King: It helped a little bit. But really it's just more -- we had hedged and kind of locked in the forward curve. So the curve, as long as it shows up the way we expect it, it doesn't have a material impact on the margin. But it was about as expected and the impact on the margin this quarter was really not material.
Darren King: It's a good question. We are focused in the last little while on getting through the quarter and doing our work to see where the capital ratios ended up given the strong performance. And we'll take a look and see and if we decided to do something we'll let you know.
Darren King: So I'll start with the first part. I unfortunately I have no news to share with you on the written agreement. I mentioned earlier that we've completed our work and we are working with our regulators now to review that to make sure that they concur with our assessment that we have fulfilled all of our obligations under the written agreement. And then from there we kind of go to Washington to review that work and hopefully obtain agreement that we have completed all the parts of the written agreement. Within Washington, there are enough staffers around that have been there to make a decision but I think it's probably a little bit difficult. And this is speculation on my part right that without someone in those positions that it might be a little bit more difficult to finalize that. But I don't know how the workings at the Fed, how the Fed operates internally to say that's definitively a help or hindrance to us getting, giving some progress on the written agreement.
Darren King: So, George, the way I would think about the $440 million is that's largely the run rate going forward. And there are a number of components that are part of that. Some of those are what we would consider a little bit more soft dollar cost if you will. And that it is time a front line staff talking to our customers about regulatory related things, collecting information what have you. And so those folks will still be around talking to customers. We just hope that they are going to talk more about business and a little less about their documentation. So those expenses will go away. We have added expense in our compliance department for the AML/BSA functions as well as for some of the modeling related to CCAR and stress test. And as we continue to get smarter and more sophisticated in those areas, we expect there to be some efficiency gains. But you are not going to see $440 million go down to $200 million. We are talking more like 5% to 10% kind of normal efficiency gain so you can get through time through automation and process improvement as opposed to material parts of the operation go away.
Brian Klock: Got it. Thanks for that. And the fee income side and the other miscellaneous fee income. It seemed like it was up this quarter about $6 million sequentially. Anything in there that's nonrecurring or anything that's -- or is that [1.17] a better run rate that use going forward.
Brian Klock: Okay. So within they are the -- usually the insurance income is usually little bit seasonally softer in the second quarter or is that after good first quarter was the insurance revenues offset in there even though these other items were positive.
Brian Klock: Okay. And just one last question on the deposit side. With the time deposit again you had another quarter of sequential decline in the rate pay down time deposit. I know you talked about the Hudson City remixing and reprising of that. I guess how much more do you think --should we see similar types of decline as we go into the back half of the year on the cost to time deposits.
