Rene F. Jones: Good question. Our position on the TARP hasn't really changed. Our desire is to pay it back, but really there are sort of two things that we're looking to in the future. Obviously, we're very pleased with our first quarter results; but problem loans and nonperforming assets still remain pretty high in the industry. We'd like to see more evidence that there's a turn in the economy. Two, we said for some time that it would be helpful to have some clarity as to where things are going to go on the regulatory front before we make changes to our capital structure. Why I think we have to ability to do that is because we actually are growing capital. We're doing it sort of by generating it. As long as we continue to do that, I think that helps us. But our view would be that if we're going to change our capital structure, we would like to do it once. That's the efficient way to do it. And to do that, we have to sort of get a little bit more clarity around what some of the pending regulation will be. I would expect that's not all that far off on the horizon.
Rene F. Jones: I think very specifically there are a whole host of assumptions that we have to make. For example, if you look at the charges we took this quarter, they were on about 20 private label mortgage-backed securities. There's 20 different issuances. Really the issue there is that to the extent that there's not a lot of improvement in the economy, then as time passes, you get further into it. We've not actually seen a principal writedown on any of those securities. As the housing prices have stabled, the thing that really hasn't changed until recently is the roll rate. On the 30-day delinquent roll rate, they're rolling from 30 to 60. Having said that, in the last few days we've begun to see in our portfolio that we've had nice improvements in the 30-day delinquencies. I would guess what needs to happen is you need to see a change in the roll rates in a positive direction and you need to see unemployment, you know we need to actually see some employment that affects the consumer in a positive way.
Rene F. Jones: I would say on the whole there was not much new news this quarter. As we've talked about, we continue to manage that portfolio very closely doing numerous reviews. I think what you see is that when we look at the quarter, we did have a couple, beyond what I have mentioned, a couple of, a few more loans that rolled into our criticized loan catalog. That catalog, remember, is on a scale of 1 to 15 is our loan grades. When something goes from 10 to 11, it rolls into the catalog. There were a few, but at the end of the day I think what the broader issue seems to be is that the number of things that, dare I say, are being teed up and actually being cured on the C&I side is actually a much greater issue than the number of, than any weakness we might see in CRE. In fact, it seems to be dwarfing the issue. One of the things that we did do this quarter is we finished, our credit guys finished, the base work for our stress testing work. What you can kind of see in the portfolio when you look at all of our real estate across all of our footprints, take out the owner occupied, which is really C&I, take out the construction, which we kind of look at a little bit separately, and you've got just under $10 billion there. I would say the loan to values of that book are in the low 60s. I would say debt service coverage is somewhere almost as high as 2.5%. So, at the end of the day, the way we underwrote that portfolio has a lot to do with sort of why it's performing pretty well. Even as we see problems that sort of roll into the portfolio in terms of payment problems, we continue to think that the loss content is on the lower side.  Not a lot of new news.
Rene F. Jones: I think you think about how long, it's kind of funny now, how long we have been working on that all day book that started off at $1.3 billion. That's down to about $800 million, maybe under that. I think we sort of have gotten through a lot of the more difficult credits there. We have done a lower number of modifications of recent versus what we were doing early on. I think we sort of got on that issue very early. I want to say May of 2008. So we're just doing less.
Rene F. Jones: I think for all the expenses in total, they seem to perform very similar to what we've seen in the first quarter of the last four years. I didn't see anything unusual there.
Rene F. Jones: That's a good point. But much of that was in place in the fourth quarter. I think going forward we probably have some room left to go on synergies from those deals. I think your trends are pretty normalized at this point.
Rene F. Jones: The topic came up for us first; I think it was the first quarter of 2007 when we did a little pre-announcement. We provided for that. Any time we have seen the two sort of components, we have a reserve. There are two components. Any time we've seen someone make a request to us, we have estimated an amount and set that aside in accrual for a specific repurchase. We have a whole process around that. But somewhere in mid-2007, what we also did is we said, you know what, we have learned something about the structure of the mortgage business; and every time we originated a mortgage, we are going to set aside a reserve, a small reserve, on the chance that that could be repurchased. We have those two components. For example, in the quarter as we originated loans we set aside an amount for those loans that we originated this quarter in the event that they would be put back. When you look, for example, at our results from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, I don't know, maybe that sort of standard accrual went up a couple million dollars, but nothing significant. I don't think you have seen much there because we've been doing it now for almost 3 years.
Rene F. Jones: Well, you all know the issues; and AIB has been very public about what their intentions are. Due to the difficulties they're having on the capital front, they've announced their intention to sell assets; and one of those assets is M&T. From our perspective, nothing really has changed there. We've said publicly that we stand ready to help them execute a transaction in the most efficient and orderly way to the extent they want to do that. But all of that and the timing is all up to them.
Rene F. Jones: There are steps that have to take place out there; shares have to be registered on those types of things. I think it's pretty transparent.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, I can. I am looking at something. Overall, early stage delinquencies were down maybe, I will give you an estimate, I think when we released our FR Y-9C, we will go from something like 92 basis points down to 86, something like that. If you look at it by area, give me one second. On the consumer side, consumer improved a fair amount. Let me see. Let me give you a couple of things. If you look, for example, let's start with our core mortgages. Our 30-day on our core mortgages was 3.2%. I'm sorry, it was 3.6% at the end of the year. It dropped to 2.8%. So pretty significant drop. On our total consumer book, which was indirect auto, home equity, all that, we went from 1.74% in the fourth quarter down to 1.60%. That 1.60% was about 5 percentage points higher than last year, this time last year. So pretty stable and slight improvement into the first quarter.
Rene F. Jones: I think a couple of things. If you look at, we have talked about two quarters of improvement in the classified or criticized book. But it's still at historical highs, right? I just think we will have to wait and see. You can't really answer that question today. You got to look at it every month as you move forward. But we still remain pretty cautious with unemployment where it is. I am not sure the economy is fully out of the woods yet. I think we remain relatively cautious.
Rene F. Jones: The service charges, I apologize, I really don't. I think we'll have an impact, but my ability to quantify it just isn't that great. We're now running pilot programs. What I mean by that is we're contacting people, and we're looking at how easy or difficult it is to get a response from them. I think by the time I get to this call next quarter, we will start to have some sense of what that impact might be. But I don't have more than that today on that front. On the mortgage, really much of the decline in our mortgage was driven by lower volume. Like applications went from $2 billion down to $1.7 billion in the quarter. Closed volume went from $1.25 billion down to less than a billion, so 25% or so, 22% drop. I think that's going to just move along with what happens with rates and volume. I will say that the gain on sale margins are still very, very wide, very wide compared to where they would be historically.
Rene F. Jones: In our view, the situation with AIB, one, it's unfortunate I think for them. It really has no impact on us and doesn't influence our thinking on any other topic of running M&T. They are separate issues for us.
Rene F. Jones: There were a few credits that moved in. I think we had a real estate development credit, residential development credit move in. Then we had a whole host of things cure. I think we sort of alluded to this in my comments. If, for example, you look. Give me one second. If you were to look at, just remove Provident and Bradford, the nonaccrual loans were down $3 million in C&I, $16 million in commercial real estate, down $4 million in residential real estate, down $3 million in consumer, so down everywhere. So nothing big, and nothing that really surprised us. But we did have, what you are seeing is still a migration of credit actually into the nonperforming, into the classified loan book, but you are having a much greater volume of cures.
Rene F. Jones: Sort of the same old thing at M&T. If somebody calls us, we always answer the phone. We are through much of the integration stuff related to the past two deals. We are available to do that. We are always interested. At the end of the day, for us to do something, it has to be attractive to our preexisting shareholders and has to make sense in the franchise. If I can just go back and answer Bob Ramsey's question, if you take a look at page 10 of the press release, you will see that there's $12,614,000 of the preferred stock dividend.
Rene F. Jones: It's something like, I am going to do this roughly. Last quarter, I think maybe we were down 200, a couple hundred million dollars. This quarter we were down $100 million. So I think the issue in my mind, and this tells you a lot about that provision question, it's more that it actually is not growing and it's coming down slightly. It's more so than the magnitude. We are still at a place in the economy where on the whole those levels are high.
Rene F. Jones: No. When I think of your question, I think of [inaudible], what he tells me about his experience with these types of things. Let's go in reverse order this time. Starting with the commercial real estate side, from the time you identify a problem to the time it actually gets cured, it's pretty long. Nine months would not be unusual, maybe longer. I think on the C&I side that's probably true, too. So these things take their time. I think it's just a normal workout process. It makes it very difficult to be making a prediction of a time. I think it takes time, from my past experience several years to work those books back in the other direction.
Rene F. Jones: No. I will say it again. I think we're pretty plain vanilla. What we say is we always try to do things that are in the interest of our preexisting shareholders. Sometimes we can; sometimes we can't. That's how we think. I will leave it at that.
Rene F. Jones: I don't know. I think that we think about mergers in the way that we think about running the bank in terms of the sense of the community nature of it. To the extent that institutions have a good customer base in a market that we know, either where we are already at or where we had share, then that's something that we would consider. It's not necessarily the nature or form of the entity that matters. It's its health. History has said to us that we tend to do partnerships more than we buy institutions. In the case that you mentioned, that was somebody who wanted to continue to own M&T shares as a group of shareholders when they joined us. Those are more the characteristics. I would say nothing is really off the table.
Rene F. Jones: I don't believe we've changed. Well, nothing new. There's always a purchase on accounting accretion, but we didn't change anything with respect to our [inaudible] or anything like that.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. I mean relative to the size of [inaudible], yes, definitely, relatively small. I think we reference it in our K and Q.
Rene F. Jones: Let me see if we can figure, I don't know if I have that at my fingertips. But in terms of the second part of your question, particularly in New York City, at origination we have always done stress tests and look at what the credit can absorb in terms of rate shocks, and we do that during the underwriting. What we've most recently done, think of it this way, we have got a very robust process that is all geared towards identifying problems very quickly. It's based on an RM coming to us and saying something doesn't seem quite right or I am a little bit concerned here. It's tied to our grading system. What we've done with our stress tests is, on top of all of that process, we have said let's stress for drop in values by each community. I am not sure if we did rate. We did repayment risk, maturity risk, and valuation drops. We also did revenue drops at the property. Then what we do is we see if anything falls through the cracks in these screens, and then we go back and look if we've already seen it or not. In the cases where new things crop up, then we'll go and do a specific dive on that property. We're always doing a fair amount of stress tests, but think of it as a risk management tool that backs up our overall risk capture process. With respect to the portfolio, that's a tough question. I have it on total loans, but I don't think that's what you are looking for.
Rene F. Jones: I just don't have it at my fingertips. I would guess the majority of our commercial real estate book, I would be surprised if, let me just say the majority of it is a fixed rate book. And the portion of it that is variable, a large percentage of that is actually has a swap against it. In essence, it's fixed. That was sort of one of the clear things that you saw when we were running the stress tests, that our exposure to movements in interest rates was relatively low, probably even lower than I thought.
Rene F. Jones: We will start off, if you look at the Federal Reserve data, it's pretty telling both in terms of the decline in loan demand, the fact that it's across all categories, and the fact that it's consistent almost every single week. Start there with that knowledge, what we refer to is particularly is in the commodity like spaces with indirect auto, where, how do I say this? People aren't coming to us because of the M&T name. It's more the price when they go to the dealer. That's where we've actually seen the most competitiveness. I think because it's a two-year relatively very creditworthy asset, and it's easy for people to go after. We've seen price competition there. I will point out that what I noticed that quarter in our commercial book, we keep pretty robust data on a summary of everything that goes to the committee in the quarter. When you look at it, the number of deals that went to our credit committee that quarter versus last really didn't change much. It was down a couple of deals. The total commitments that went to the committee was maybe up 5%. Even though there are fewer borrowers, they were borrowing a little bit more. And if you were to look at the margin on those, it did drop about 11 basis points, the sort of new origination margin. What struck me is we also look at based on the grade and the structure and the collateral content of the deal. We have a risk-adjusted measure. The risk adjusted return on these deals went up. What that means is that the people we were extended credit to this quarter were structurally more sound and better rated credit on the whole. That's probably why the margin was a little bit lighter. I think you're seeing that because my guess is that there are very few people borrowing, and everybody is chasing those same individuals. It's a bit anecdotal, but that's my guess.
Rene F. Jones: First of all, let's start, the Reg E regulation is consumer only, as I think you are pointing out. All of the sort of business side of things are not affected by that in any way, shape, or form. That part of the business, the commercial part of the business is much more a factor of what's happening with rates in my mind. I think people, because they've not yet started investing, they're holding on to a lot of cash. But on top of that, much of the money that at one point was housed in the money fund has actually moved back into the bank. The people are not able to sort of get more than one basis point in the money fund. I think we'll see as part of the overall turn, if the economy turns, we'll begin to see, that's where you will begin to see it. You will begin to see it in behavior on commercial balances and movements there. On the other side, again there's nothing really all that unusual in what we've seen so far in the consumer side. It's just too early to tell what the impact will be on the NSF thing because it depends on the behavior of the consumer, whether they decide to opt in or out. Over the long term, it's not something that I worry about in the sense it's an industry-wide thing. Our job over the next two quarters is to educate our workforce so that they can educate the consumer and that we can have good customer service through this pretty big change in the industry. At the end of the day, people need banking services. We provide pretty good ones, pretty good service, so I think we'll come out fine.
Rene F. Jones: I think if you look at the components of the loss, the thing that struck me was the provisioning was the majority of our portion of the net loss. But not much else is going on there in terms of, there were no other sort of big write-downs or anything like that.
Rene F. Jones: You can assume what you would like, Chris. Think about it this way. To the extent that you have a balance sheet there and to the extent that you take provisions and those types of things, it could bounce around from time to time. I think past performance is what I tend to look to. It's been a little volatile and pretty lumpy because of the nature of what they do to the securitizations and securities that are on the books.
