René Jones: Yeah. I think my wording, Ken, is driven towards the difficulty of predicting any given quarter. And I think when you think about what we've been saying, we've kind of provided you with the trend that a lot of the consulting in higher levels of expenditure that we've been seeing more than a year have begun to come down. And we’ve begun to make those investments that we've seen in the technology and we’ll continue to do that. Those expenses will ramp up. I think one of the things that difficulty is, you know, for example, in this particular quarter, we had a high amount of legal fees. And much of those fees are associated with the hangover of dealing with the cases that are still outstanding from when we acquired Wilmington Trust. But those are kind of temporary in a sense and so those eventually will go away as well. So we take the whole thing together. I'm very, very positive about our ability to continue to improve our efficiency ratio. Just hard to predict any given quarter there. But I think my comment is -- you can take my comments and so think about them over not one quarter but several quarters. I have a pretty high degree of confidence that we’ll manage expenses pretty tightly.
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I will start with -- we are in within Wilmington Trust. We’re still in retirement services business. This was a specific function that we didn't think was core to sort of -- core to the business or core to our future and which we felt that another party probably could make more of that, who had the necessary infrastructure that was there. So I think we gave somewhere maybe in the press release what the earnings were a year ago in the second quarter and in this past first quarter and I think the number is somewhere between in either case between $9 million and $10 million. When we look at the whole, there's very little impact on net income or earnings per share when we remove that business. So it wasn't something that was an engine of growth for us, but it was economically very attractive to others who had that infrastructure already. So it’s just made sense to kind of move on and divested that particular business.
René Jones: Yeah. Things continued to be relatively steady. If you look at -- there's really couple components, right. If you think about it in a very broad level, we have income from the Wealth Advisory Services and we have income from the Institutional Client Services. Those are the two big businesses. But the third thing is that we have fee income from some of our affiliated managers that again are not really core to our business. We inherited them to Wilmington and with the sort of lower performance that the industry has seen in active managers in 2013 and ’14, the balances from that erratic category and therefore the fees are down for affiliated managers. If you remove that, our Wealth Advisory Services and Institutional Client Service businesses are growing very nicely. Both from a topline, I’d say we are somewhere in any given quarter between 2% and 5%. And from a bottom-line perspective as we sort of rationalize and build out our capabilities on the backed office, we are seeing nice growth in the bottom line there. So that is going very well. We've got a lot more that we would like to do there but everything is functioning very well from our perspectives and with Wilmington Trust.
René Jones: Sameer, it would be difficult for me to give you a percentage of completion because I view these things as sort of long-term trends, right. And what I would say is that we're making -- we had a pace to make certain investments over time. But a lot of that, I'd say was slowed down over the last couple years by the shift to restructure our risk management environment along the lines with all the changes that came from Dodd-Frank in the industry. And as a regional bank, I think too much of the technology that we wanted to do, let's just say for our customers was being drowned out a little bit. And so we're trying to make a shift in that direction. And so as we do that, the way we are thinking about a technology investment is to make sure that we're making enough investments in the Foundation -- enough foundational investments that allow us to get customer facing technology out there at a faster pace as things change over time. So this would be things like looking at the 360 view of the customer, looking at the idea that we had not had mobile check deposit for our retail customers. And so on the customer facing side, I think you'll continue to see a steady rollout but we are hoping to increase the pace at which we deliver examples to our customers, the things that make their lives a little bit easier. That’s one component.
René Jones: The largest component, I would argue are investments that we need to make that will ultimately improve the efficiency at which the way we run the business. Getting a 360 degree view of our customers, no matter which channel they come into the bank, looking at our on-boarding and account opening processes and making sure we have the right technology infrastructure so that things talk across the bank. And then last example would be improving our data quality in the control environment around the data in a way that is maybe a little less manual in some places and gives us better information. So, those last ones are all about efficiency in the long-term investment.
René Jones: Your general trajectory is right but the timeframes, I wouldn't focus on. I would focus on the idea that M&T is going to be talking more and more about technology infrastructure as we go forward. And I think what you are going to see as we focus on efficiencies in other areas, the bank over time, those will tend to offset that higher-level of technology spending.
René Jones: I like to joke around every once in a while when we're putting together the operating plan and someone says hey, should we spend $100 million or $120 million on new technology investment? And you get wrapped up in the discussion and then you wake up and you realized we spent $2.7 billion a year. So to me, it's more of shifting our priorities, the things that are going to improve the experience for our employees and for our customers.
René Jones: Yeah. No, it’s slightly different. So, I’m not talking about the future. I’m talking about the work we've done today. And the way I would say it is, things are good on the credit quality front but we do see a lot of competition. We see competitor stretching. So it's a great time to begin to look harder into your portfolio now because you have the capacity to do so and so that's what we sort of did. We took our annual reviews that we typically do over time. We said, let’s take a harder look and maybe accelerate some of that. So that’s why we think as we look at second-quarter results, we will see some increase in our classified loan book but that would be work that we typically, we do annually every year. But we just sort of made a bit of a concerted effort to do it. You saw criticized go up, I would guess mostly because of energy loans in the first quarter with the industry. So it's not about time as you know to just make sure you are diligent and it’s pretty classic for M&T to do that in the off cycle so to speak.
René Jones: Yeah. Let me start by saying nothing material, but there are probably a few things here and there associated with businesses that we've inherited over time that we're looking at. But most -- I feel like most of that work has been done now and so the whole of what we're doing now is focusing on investing I think.
René Jones: I think it’s a bit staggered, a large portion should be reinvested in technology spend. But I think it gives us the ability to sort of ensure that we’ve got our revenues growing faster than expense is the way I would say it. And to give you some sense, we talked about last year that we spent in total or ramping up our BSA/AML program and with the consultants and $151 million in 2014. I would expect that to be somewhere in the 90s when we get done with the end of this year. But on the flip side, we spent $30 million improving our CCAR results and process in 2014. We will spend $33 million this year. So in some areas, you are still making those investments. And I think what you will see is stagger over time that those two will come down, but it’s a bit staggered. So I just feel like we’ve very, very good ability to manage our expenses prudently while making the investments we need from the point we are at here.
René Jones: Yes. Someone had asked me the question how fast you’re going to get to 55. So it’s just not the way we think about running the business here at M&T, we think long term. And our goal would be, we would be very happy if we continue to make progress on the efficiency over time. And if it happens in that manner, what’s nice about is it’s sustainable, but it’s healthy, right. It’s done in the right way. So we’ve got good momentum. You see it in our numbers already. We’re going to keep that momentum going. And I think we will get to where we need to be to make sure the bank is efficient as it always has been relative to our peers.
René Jones: I mean, this is a big estimate. I am not even going to look at my numbers. I would say half of it is has absorbed, maybe slightly more, but there is still a very -- there is still an asset sensitive position where those two balance sheets to come together. Don is writing on a piece of paper, one-third.
René Jones: I think it feels to me like we did a lot of work in that space over the last couple of years very quietly I guess. We didn’t really talk about it much. We’re hearing a lot more people in that space today. I think we are ahead on that front. And then if I speculate a little bit, I think it’s hard to rationalize in that space more without the right technology platform, right. So that goes back to the other issue is that if we focus on our capabilities for the employees there and the way we do business with those customers, they will probably roam again down the road. But I think we are pretty close to as far as we’re going to go in that space.
René Jones: The number one thing for me is that, if you’d look at the last year over the quarters, while we had decent growth, 4%, 5%, it was being supported by one or two regions, particularly the metropolitan New York City area, Tarrytown, and western New York. And what you’re seeing a little bit last quarter and definitely this quarter is just growth everywhere. And so Baltimore has gone from slightly decline to positive numbers. I think if I kind of go through them, annualized growth this quarter was 4% in upstate and western New York and the metropolitan area, which is New York, Philly, and just up north of New York was 8%. Pennsylvania was 12%. Baltimore was 7%. And our other regions in total were 5%. That’s total loans. And in the real estate, it’s not really that different. But what you did see was a little bit more growth than we had been seeing in Pennsylvania and Baltimore, Washington, Delaware areas, right. So that was probably the differentiating factor and why our loan growth was a little bit higher.
René Jones: I would say predominantly additional credit with existing relationships that we had for a very, very long time. We are putting money to work. Not a lot of new, like if you think of market share in terms of customers, it’s not like we’re collecting lots of new customers.
René Jones: Yes. So give me a second here. So if you look at usage, it’s been up, utilization has been up the last two quarters slightly. If you look at the -- I guess the way I would think about it is, the first place I would point as you think about some of the loan fees that were up in terms of the syndication fees, right. So we are getting a fair amount of volume from existing [Technical Difficulty] with the size of the credits are increasing, so that's why we’re getting higher syndication fees, right. So for us, we only want to take so much exposure, so we tend to sell down the amount. Remember, we typically don't do anything very little. In my terminology, it would be participations in, we’re not the lead underwriter. So I think what you're seeing from -- particularly from existing customers is people are doing some larger projects and that's why we've got -- they’re doing more, we got more loan growth, but you’re also seeing in the fee line as we sell down some of those and sort of mitigate the amount of volume that we see there. I don’t know if there is anything else particularly that I could clarify for you there.
René Jones: As you know, I mean, it’s been a long process since back in 2012 where we’ve been kind of do whatever it takes to sort of get to the stage where we can complete an acquisition with Hudson. In terms of what we’ve talked about in the past, our progress in improving our BSA/AML compliance program is all on track with our expectations. We've made significant progress. We’ve enhanced our processes and our systems and all those things are running and in place. And so, at this point in time, I mean, there's not much more that we can really say or do, we have to let our regulators the time to work through their process and to work through the application. But it's really not in our control to be able to speculate as to whether or when the approvals for our merger would be received. I wish it was different, but that sort of where we are.
René Jones: I think this impact right away. I mean, it wouldn’t be very delayed at all because we’re very sensitive particularly on the short end. The one of the things that when I look at the result as you say beyond the Q, when I look at the results on a flattening or steeping, what surprise me a little bit is that in a flattening, which is typically not great for us, today it would be better than actually a 25 basis point across the board raised. And the reason for that is that so many of our loans, particularly commercial loan, C&I are price off of LIBOR, the short-term LIBOR rates. But in the past we never had all of this long-term debt that we had to issue into the market, which is fixed. And so, when you look at our profile, if anything has really changed is that a parallel increase of 25 basis points would begin to affect us. But if that was an increase in the short end and no change in the long end, it would probably impact us more.
René Jones: It changes overtime, I mean, I think, if you kind of fall some of the things that we've done, we had a gain from -- we had a gain or you could call windfall from buying Wilmington Trust in this particular business that was embedded and that was in core. And it just made sense to us to take those proceeds and put them into something that's really important to us in the Foundation. You go back, you member when we recovered from lawsuits $50 million to $60 million from the CDOs litigation that we had. We kind of felt that it just made sense, right, to take those proceeds, which were windfall out of our core operating, that were not part of our core operating and put them into the Foundation. So it would be lumpy. So we could continue to do that if we think it makes sense from time to time. So we wouldn’t over funded if it was fully funded and clearly usually after you’ve done something as large as this, you might see a pause, hard to say.
René Jones: I hate thing the words I’m going to say. But I can’t, I actually can’t predict. We got lumpiness there and there seem to be a lot of business. I don't know that that slowed. So it's hard. At some point you’ll see lumpiness as you look at that line overtime, but quarter-by-quarter I would -- a year ago was $34 million. It seems pretty consistent. And as I think about it, we had a strong second quarter of last year coming off the first quarter. So it’s hard to me to say what its going to look like.
René Jones: Yeah. The LCR will compress in margin, but we see very little impact on NII when we look at the forecast from it.
René Jones: The, first, I expect the second half to be maybe slightly less than the first half in asset purchases.
René Jones: I don’t know. I think we are thinking about that quite a bit. I think that what you’ve seen has been a change in customer behavior. And I think we’ve got to spend sometime thinking about how we react to that. I don't think it is necessarily a bad thing. I think we just got to -- we have to make sure that we’ve the products and services that are meeting their needs. So, I would look at the current trend and say it probably continues for sometime. But I know we're looking at that heavily. Don't really have an answer for you there.
René Jones: I can tell you things are going well. We feel good about the progress that we are making. The team is working very well together almost -- and pretty much on all fronts. Obviously, there's not much you can do in certain areas without branches but we are really, really pleased on all fronts, credit quality. Everything seems to be going very nicely. So no hiccups there at all.
René Jones: I think we’ve made a tremendous amount of progress. And we're very, very pleased with the progress we've made and in timeframe we've made it. And that’s sort of what we committed to do. So now we got to see what happens.
René Jones: Anything that we would have seen would be reflected at the June 30th date. And you saw we added about $9 million to the allowance and majority of that was the loan growth. But anything else we would have seen in there would have been also reflected. So, I don't expect any additional impact from what we've learned today.
René Jones: What stands out to me is the Mid-Atlantic. It is the second quarter in a row where we are seeing loan growth after quite a few quarters where things were slowly, even slow to down, and so that that was nice to see. We’re not seeing any impact in any particular area but I could tell you that if you go across the footprint, the largest growth we saw would be in healthcare and healthcare associated type businesses. Real estate and rental and leasing businesses and retail trade those also saw growth. But we will also saw growth in education services, construction, and manufacturing. So it seems pretty broad base.
René Jones: I think first, Gerard, we were definitely two separate entities today. So we run our own franchises and we manage our own franchise that's really important to know. I think the second thing I would say is that, the issue that you saw on the newspaper regarding the CRA issue were not new to us. They were long and old things we saw way back when. So I think it is just sort of some how became news, and put in the newspaper and became news.
