René F. Jones: Sure, Todd. Let me just sort of -- if I just interpreted what you said wrong. But we actually, through the third quarter, have realized no expenses. So at the close of the deal, we had half of the quarter, because we closed the deal on May 16th. And then, what is a little atypical of this transaction versus to all of the habits we've created overtime is that we didn't do simultaneous merger conversion. And so because the bank was sort of running on its own all the way through the last quarter of August, we won't begin to see any of the expense savings or the $80 million that you mentioned starting until next quarter. But beyond that, really, if you think about it, what happened is we've added to our staff to be able to have peak positions in the back office that will ultimately help us run the institution, but because we haven't begun to get the savings, the run rate that you need to come down from where your today, is probably greater than $80 million, right? Because that's the net number of the total impact of the merger. So it's just sort of -- you're really kind of seeing, I'm going to call it baseline, at least with the Wilmington being in our numbers, and now, you're going to begin to see it's going to do what we typically do.
René F. Jones: It is. It is higher. I'd say, a couple of things -- Let me say it again, so the M&T piece is higher and there are a couple of things there. We had a swing in all ROE expenses from a net gain last quarter, because of that New York City property that we talked about to actual costs this quarter. And quite frankly, that is, how do I say, maybe even a little high in the current quarter. And then, we also had an extra day or so, right? So the salaries are up, and I don't know, $4 million, $5 million higher than the second quarter. And then, just in general with sort of gearing up and preparing for the transaction, I'd say some of the expenses at the M&T side are really sort of geared around dealing with the transaction. So you're right, the M&T piece is up and as well as just having the impact of the merger.
René F. Jones: We're over $20 million. The swing in ROE was probably $18 million. And the way I think about it is just look at the efficiency ratio, it's 61.8, last year it was 53, and 53 looks more like M&T.
René F. Jones: Well, I guess the way I talked about it anecdotally in terms of cash is that we were not in an excess cash position before we brought on Wilmington. So really, we're trying to catch up a little bit from that, I guess, in hindsight, maybe we could've put on a few more investments securities before the deal closed, but we didn't, so that's where you start from. And then, what's happened is the growth in deposits has pretty much kept pace with the amount of investments that we've been doing on the securities side. So if you -- hence, the position that we're still, around $2 billion. The final thing is that, I think we'll be able to utilize those funds. Particularly because if you look at M&T, the one thing that's a little different on our profilers is we're way, way below the industry average both in mortgages and investment securities, where we've sort of held off for a very long time on growing those portfolios. So if you kind of think about that, that kind of gives you some picture of how we're thinking about absorbing some of that excess cash. But one other thing I would say, is that we also now have -- when you bring in Wilmington Trust, we are going to see lumpiness, and a mighty big lumpiness. It's not unusual to get a customer on a corporate trust side that grants [ph] $1 billion with us for 30 to 60 days, right? But if you just put that aside for a minute, you kind of get a sense of what our plan is and sort of what's happening with the cash.
René F. Jones: Yes, I think so. I mean, it's just sort of rule of thumb and we're being very cautious how we put securities on, but if some securities are going on, that's plain vanilla securities that's say 320 to 340. And then residential mortgages are going on, just the neighborhood of 4%, right? You kind of get very little impact on your margin. If we were starting from a place where we had those 2 books were very large and we're having runoff, you'd see a lot of churn and you get the dilutive effect of the old stuff rolling off,  but we don't have that position, right? So this is net new stuff coming on.
René F. Jones: I mean, I think, I can't tell you about timing on that, but I mean, I think, that just make sense, because if you think of what our operating model is, it's very, very plain vanilla, right? And we've always held that in a long-term and a consolidating industry where you're offering commodities, you have to have a strong efficiency ratio. So we haven't changed our view that we've run the company down in those levels. Again, I'd point you to last year, we were at 53%, and that's where our work is.
René F. Jones: I think, there are 3 things. I think, one, is because our profile is very asset sensitive, all right? Which I guess is nice if bet on interest rates are sort of going up, but we tend to be neutral. So because of the lack of general growth, and the slowness in the economy, the deposits coming on, we just need fixed-rate assets. So rather than buy them from somebody else, you just save on the transaction costs by just keeping your own, that would be one. Two would be that there's kind of a change that's gone on, right? I mean, there's a lot of uncertainty in the mortgage market, every loan you book has got some sort of repurchase risk. And quite frankly, that repurchase risk is a selection bias, because there's never really anybody calling up and say, "I'd like you to buyback this loan, it's performing really well." So when you look at that, the dynamics have changed. The value of those mortgages has gone up relative to sort of treasuries, right? And so the spreads are higher. So it just makes a little bit more sense for us to put those on today. The third thing is that, we do get a risk rating benefit from it, which is not something that M&T, we ever really think about very much. But the regulatory constraint that's put on us has not been tangible, but it's been something called Tier 1 common. So we have to think, down the road, whether we want to optimize the balance sheet by putting on more of those lower risk weighted assets. So that's a change, but it's a change brought on by regulation. So all of those 3 things are kind of pointing us in the direction of retaining our mortgages.
René F. Jones: So this quarter, as we said, we think our income, our fee income was about $14 million lower because we lost those loans for our own portfolio. And then, you should see the lion's share of that impact of this quarter sort of little less than $800 million of volume bit in the fourth quarter, and obviously, it should improve net interest income. The one one thing I would say is that like many of the other banks you saw this quarter, I mean the mortgage volume was really, really high, right? So it's hard to predict whether if we have the same amount every quarter, but sure, the net effect should be that we're building our balance sheet side. And if you're thinking about if all the volume of activity was the same, you wouldn't then see another drop in mortgage banking income going to the fourth quarter. So that's sort of volume dependent.
René F. Jones: Yes, fair way to think about it. It's also exacerbated by the fact that you record gain on sale when you lock the loan, but you -- so that it's early, and you don't get interest income until you actually own the loan.
René F. Jones: Yes, I don't have a real specific detailed answer for you, but generally speaking, we've been very cautious in that space, and so we are waiving fees across different product types. Some of it is for convenience, some of it is just because the nature of the conversion. So there is -- I haven't thought of this but there is probably a little bit of an effect of that in this quarter's results. And that -- if we were going to change that in any particular area, say service charges or something else, it will work its way out over time. Because our big issue is retaining customers, we're very focused on that. I'm trying think if there's anything else -- and then the other thing I would say is that we've got market sensitive fees, and we're sort of batting it around, I guess the idea here is that overtime you guys are going to ask us how sensitive we are to a move in the SMP. I don't really know the answer yet, but I know that if it had not been for the market disruptions, I guess I was expecting that we would have made $5 million to $8 million more in fee income this quarter out of the combined trust businesses. So it gives you some sense that the downturn in the SMP has probably had an impact on the quarter's fee income.
René F. Jones: The short answer is no. But let me explain to you why. The wonderful thing about Wilmington Trust is, as you've learned about, it's a very robust business. And so as you walk down the different things that they do, some of them, yes, are based on fees off of assets. But in the wealth business, there's also a significant portion that are actually not based on fees of managed assets. You've got businesses like the retirement business, which are sensitive to it. But then again, you've got businesses that are simply based on services we perform like being the agent on success or loan agency services where you got a conflict between the lender and the borrower and then the shared national credit. So when you look at it in total, it's really hard to point to one thing and say, "This is how it works." It's actually much more of a diverse base. So that's why -- again, as I look through all those, and I saw the quarter, SMPs maybe it's somewhere in that $5 million to $8 million that we're down. But it's hard to really give you a formula on how to get there.
René F. Jones: As we charged ahead with our capital, you're right, we're sort of on target to see somewhere in the 7% range at the end of the year, and on the Tier 1 common. So I think, obviously, in a month, within a month, probably the capital rules will be out. Obviously, you probably to have some cushion over that. But the way I think about it is that a portion of that probably could come from changing the mix of the balance sheet by having the lower risk weighted asset. So it was kind of where I was talking about before. I don't know that -- I can't tell you what the level of our tangible common equity will be, I like the fact that right now at 646, it's sitting about 1% above our normal long-term target, right? And from there, I think we'll just sort of figure that mix out. But I don't have an exact number for you. I think we'll focus on those sort of risk in the balance sheet more than anything else.
René F. Jones: Yes, I do. It's the nature of the business and where the revenue streams or the cash will come from. It's different that when we originally made the investment. But you kind of see  through that line that, that piece of the original business is very predictable. And now, you've got an operating -- most of the valuation is coming from this Bayview asset management, which is an operating unit that does a lot of either mortgage purchases or mortgage servicing, right? And from time to time, we flip back and forth between being a good time to purchase assets and accumulate assets. Now, it's actually a better time to be doing mortgage servicing. But we like their capabilities and we feel good about the way we value the investment.
René F. Jones: We've been, as you say, it's very simple, we've been extremely great with both the retention of the customers and the retention, probably most important, of the employees, which you know they're directly linked. And nothing has really changed since I answered the question on the last call. It's been above our expectation. The other thing, I guess, I would say is when I look at the asset management, and the assets under management, most of the decline is simply -- it seems to be simply the market decline and the numbers. I think these are rough numbers, so you bear with me, but I think we went from somewhere around $80 billion to $72 billion, right? Which is very symmetric with what you saw happened in the market, in the capital markets -- in the equity markets, I should say.
René F. Jones: Yes, I don't know that, that's the case. I mean, I think that, generally speaking, maybe there is prices to tweak it here or there, but that's probably not a big lever that we have. And if you go back to the other part of the question on the loan side, we seem to be doing pretty well, generating decent yields. In fact, if I look at the commercial loan book, we sort of track like a full P&L on every deal that we've done in the quarter. What we kind of see is that after a number of quarters of coming down in the margin that we're able to get by booking the loans, we've now seen 2 or 3 consecutive increases. And actually, 1, 2, 3 -- 3 consecutive increases in the margin that we're getting on loans, right? So that's been pretty stable and kind of the history of sort how we think about pricing.
René F. Jones: I just don't have it yet. It's not that I feel comfortable with. And this maybe is a bad answer, but I'll talk about it every quarter, I gave you the $5 million to $8 million, and maybe we can sort of from our opinion as we move along.
René F. Jones: That really differs by business. Let me see if I can get something here. But I mean -- so if you look at the end of the quarter, assets under management may be,  so 21% cash, 36% equities, assets to fix income is 34% and then other -- I'm not sure what other is, probably alternative, it was 9%. So pretty evenly distributed, and then quite frankly, quite a bit of cash, which is sort of if you look at the revenue streams today, they're really, really muted by the fact that interest rates are low on the money markets and the waving of fees.
René F. Jones: Yes, I think, I had in my comments, I think -- we have to double check this, but I think the number was like $179 million or $176 million down in the floor plan lending, which will come down a little bit more in the next month or so before it begins to rebound as you kind of you work your way into the beginning of the year. So, but then the C&I loan growth was pretty consistent with what it's been, all the other stuff. And then, as I said, even including floor plan, the end of period growth was 10%, if you take out floor plan at the end-of-period growth in the other categories of C&I were almost 12% annualized growth. The other thing I can tell you is that on the commercial side we've now seen somewhere between 8 to 10 consecutive months of buildup in our commercial pipeline. So there's a lot of activities there. I do think that as we come along, maybe we'll try to do a better job of this. But for us to be down 1% annualized on commercial real-estate, having brought on K Bank, Brad Ford and Wilmington, with all of their residential mortgage stuff that we're working out, really tells you that, that business is actually moving as well right on the real estate side. The one thing I would say, a little bit of anecdote, while there has not been a change in the rate of runoff in our consumer book, it does kind of seem logical that, that's going to  begin to moderate, right? Because for example, we've been doing $100 million of auto loans a month for a long time now, and net book is hovering around $2.5 billion, right? And so it seems pretty logical that the runoff we've seeing steadily, should start to abate in the next couple of quarters, right? So I think loan growth, actually looks pretty decent.
René F. Jones: We do -- yes, I don't have the number for you, because it will be in the call report when it comes out. But there really wasn't much of any change, maybe 1 or 2 loans. But really, the way to think about is that the new TDR guidance was, in our minds, more of a clarification of the existing standards. And so we did go through and we reviewed some of the loans and, really, there was no change to us. But you'll see that those numbers in the call report when it comes out.
René F. Jones: I think, you must -- I mean, I think to get a rate what you're talking about, the bond treasuries, the other parties must be buying something like treasuries or something, but they're just mortgage-related Fannie and Freddie securities. So the duration, which I want to get for you now, but I mean in our securities book, has always been around 2, maybe hundred 230, I'm just thinking off the top of my head. And I wouldn't expect that, that's going to change significantly. We are buying, the mortgages we're retaining, we just bring in the mortgages into that number. Some 15, some 30. But again, the position can take it. Because overall, the position, in terms of duration, is pretty small. I'll find that for you in a minute.
René F. Jones: Well, our treasurer is very, a very cautious guy in the sense that he doesn't like to book stuff at really, really low yields. So we've been waiting and unfortunately, the rates just keep going lower and lower. So anytime we see an opportunity where something steps up a little bit, we'll get into the market of it. But it's why we've been cautious, and we really haven't made a dent in the level of securities versus earning assets today.
René F. Jones: Yes, the duration of our securities portfolio is 2.23. And I think that might go up to something like 280 when you bring in the mortgages, as well, or 2.8, I should say.
René F. Jones: I think you'll see a meaningful impact next quarter. And then, I think it'll come down a bit, and then you'll see another impact close to second quarter because of the trust conversions that are taking place somewhere in that timeframe, all right? So it will be 2 levels, but I think, a lot of -- you'll see a meaningful impact probably this coming quarter, and then kind of business [ph] .
René F. Jones: No, it's not too aggressive to assume that we -- whether you see it or not, but assuming there at the end of 12/31, you should see a meaningful. We should have done a lot of meaningful work by 12/31.
René F. Jones: We definitely are originating loans in there. We spent a little bit of time talking to investors on the road with Woody Collins. And we spent most of our time in the first part of the deal just sort of engaging the employees and the RMs and getting out with them to the client base. So I think we've done a very, very nice job of that. We were sort of -- the loan book was in a bit of runoff mode for a fairly long time. And we think we see signs of that particular thing slowing. It's just going to take a little bit of time, but that's sort of out there in the M&T way, which tends to be in front of the clients quite a bit. And from everything I hear, that's going pretty well.
René F. Jones: No. I assume when they come out with the actual rule that the U.S. rule, then we'll go to the calculation, But we haven't spent much time on it at all, because if you think about it, yes, maybe you get a little bit on the resi's but that's sort of fixable. And If anything is non-investment grade, you're already getting tax for it, right? On dollar for dollar in most cases, right? So that's in there. And then the other issue that are sort of bantering [ph] around are the whole unrealized losses. And you know, in my sense, we'll have to wait and see what comes out with that. We're not above the mortgage servicing rights piece, we're probably right about at the limit when you take -- if it turns out that the rule ends up being with the MSRs, the equity and the mortgage  -- and the deferred taxes were probably right about at the limits. We haven't done much with it today, and I can't see it being an issue for us.
René F. Jones: Well, somewhere, we might have that for you, but we probably have it somewhere here in the securities book. It is the queue, so it hasn't changed much. Remember, as we kind of went through and thought about repositioning our balance sheet, it didn't make any economic sense to sell those securities because there's just too much of a liquidity difference in there. So we went out and looked at places where we were modeling our securities. And the market was willing to give us more than our models actually suggested was value there. In the case of those securities, it doesn't make economic sense for us to move them. So if something comes up that suggests in the new capital rules that it makes sense to do it, I'll be surprised if there is something, then we'll think about it then.
René F. Jones: Yes, sure. The 2 strongest -- if you think about loans for a minute. The 2 strongest markets that we saw on loans, in upstate New York, and in the metro area, which serves anything from Tarrytown to New York City down to Philadelphia, those were the 2 strongest. Upstate New York was 4% annualized growth and metro was the same. And was really nice about upstate New York and this sort of stretches from Buffalo all the way through to Albany, is there were just a lot of -- there's a lot activity and a lot of activity in different industries. So we seem to be doing very well in being able to sort of pick up customers. I'm presuming that maybe some of it is also sort of pick up in general activity. But that's faired very well. If you kind of just move away for a second, I'm kind of indirectly answering your question around the upstate markets. We were down about 7% in the mid-Atlantic. Most of that was the fact that in the second quarter, we did a number of syndications. Right? So you saw high commercial fees in the second quarter. So a lot of that came from syndication of loans, and so the average balance effect is kind of in here today. And then if you kind of flip over to the deposit side, we had 2% annualized growth in upstate New York, but more importantly, we had 20 -- almost 22% annualized growth in demand deposits in upstate New York and that came from every area we're growing consumer accounts. In upstate New York, we've taken on a number of commercial accounts, so we feel very good about that. Metro was flat, PA was up at 8% annualized, Mid Atlantic was up 3%. And if you look at just demand deposits, we seem to be doing a nice job in western New York. So we're pretty optimistic about what's going on, we've been here for a very long time and we've been very consistent at the way we operate, so we think that should be a nice benefit to us from all that's going on there.
René F. Jones: A couple of things. One, I don't know that it's all that meaningful. It's a nice big business, but it's still not the biggest part of where our income comes from. And I think over time, what I like about that business is that we just, think of it from the Wilmington side, we've taken what  they've been able to do really, really well in the Delaware footprint and in some parts of Philly and Pennsylvania and we now are actually able to extend that to our existing footprint, right? And the way in which that actually happen, I think over time we'll find some ways so the Wilmington folks will now have an opportunity to maybe a little more efficient than they were. Just because you're doing all of that, you're extending those services to existing clients, so that's 1. But generally speaking, Gerard, the biggest issue is that our business model has now been changed. It's changing or has been changed for either way you want to look at it. So our task is the kind of go out there and figure out exactly how we're going to deal with the fee issues that we've all seen and in some part of that issue, it's going to being focusing on the revenue side, but it also means that a lot of the way we think about our expenses and our distribution are going to have to change over time. So that's sort of a long way to say that like, no, I don't think it's permanently changed. I think there's going to be a lot of energy around keeping that efficiency ratio close or near to where we've been historically simply because in the broader context of things, it's relatively consolidating industry, and we think if you can't run very efficiently then that's probably not a good thing down the road.
René F. Jones: Yes, I think, you're right. If can do some math which you guys can do, and you come up with where you end up with Wilmington, you don't get down to 54%, 55%, if you think of discussion[ph] . Because a lot of things are gone, right? But that doesn't mean that we won't, over time, figure out ways to get some of those back so that we can get our customers to pay for the services or that it will right size it. This will take some time for the industry to do that. The way I think about it is, we focus for a very long time on trying to be the best bank we can for investors but also for our communities. And to the extent that we continue to offer services and products that they value, then we should be able to sort of operate the bank the way we always have. We're in a little bit of a period of disruption, but I think there were banks a thousand years ago, there'll be banks a thousand years from now, hopefully, we'll be one of them.
René F. Jones: Someone's handing a copy of our Q right now. I'm being told that it's in there. But why don't we just do that, and we'll make sure we keep publishing that in our Q, and if you'd like, Don can tell you where it is, you just give him a ring.
René F. Jones: Yes, I think the numbers it are something like -- the increase in that category, something like $76 million, $79 million was from Wilmington. So the way you think about that is, there were some loans in our system, it's a 15-grade system. So when you get to 13, you're nonperforming, if you're not an acquired loan. So anything that was deemed to be 13 or an impaired loan of acquisition, we put in the SOP. Then we assume, as we kind of look at all those sorts of other loan, that we're going to -- some percentage of them is going to migrate to us, right? And that's how we come up with our mark. So no surprises. And in fact, what you would see is as long as loans are rolling into that category, what it means is that the total pool, that the loan is, is still accruing according to the cash close that we originally thought. And that's why I can't get into the nonaccrual loans because, even though it's impaired, it's being viewed as accruing because it's in a pool where the cash flows are exactly as we expected.
René F. Jones: Well, I definitely think that we have a lot of ability to change it. And again, we think about Collyn, and it's almost 62% efficiency ratio. It's a bit of an aberration, right? So I'm pretty confident that as the things that we're talking about doing and testing out, we've probably gone slower than those other individuals, other banks I should say, and in this sense because we'd like to watch and see, we're very focused on the customer, what matters to them. But over time, yeah, absolutely, I don't see any reason why we shouldn't be able to adapt our business model to the new rules and the new environment.
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean, what you'll see over the next 6 to 12 months is you'll see new product launches, you'll see new versions of our checking accounts and you'll see all of that stuff. So yes, absolutely. Just talking about and speculating about the details today over that doesn't make much sense, but we're talking about it all the time. So stay tuned, I guess, is what I'd say.
