Rene F. Jones: Yes. As I said a few minutes ago, I think we've made very significant progress. We do have a lot of steps left to do. And so to give you to sort of some sense, what we're really attempting to do and we've been doing since the last year is we're trying to do a complete overhaul of our program. What we've done most recently is we've implemented -- we've launched the new enterprise-wide know-your-customer program. And if you think of that, what we're doing, what that involves is having -- putting in place your process to identify all the customers' accounts and to collect a more comprehensive view of all the information at account opening and then to begin to use that to go through a new, enhanced rescoring process. And so one of the steps that we've made a progress on to date is we -- as of March 31, all new customers are going through that process and it's a much, much enhanced process. And obviously, if you just take that one step, we'll need time for -- to see that work and to make sure it's working properly and for all of the regulatory parties to get comfortable with that, but that's an example of one of the things we've done. We still have got a lot more work to do. We've got work to do on transaction monitoring. We've got work to do to take a look at our overall policies and procedures. But we're making really significant progress. As a -- by way of example, in all of our new procedures, we've trained over 7,800 employees on the new program in those procedures. We've increased our staffing. We are now, at the end of the quarter, up to 425 individuals, FTEs working in the BSA/AML compliance area. And then one of the biggest things that we've got to do is that once we get comfortable with our new process and how it's working, including the risk scoring, we've got to go take a look back at our customer base, our existing customer base, and sort of understand whether our new process would have come out with any different answer and whether there's anything in that book that we would uncover now that we have a new enhanced process. So it's a lot of work. We're really pleased that we made the progress we've had to date, but we still have a fair bit of work to do. And so we ask you to kind of stick with us. We'll keep updating you.
Rene F. Jones: I'm not sure -- well, one, if you look back, pick a period 5, 6 years, yes, you do see the decline in salaries and benefits and you should see a slight uptick in the -- in those categories. I'm not so sure whether that would be the case of not, Brian. I don't -- I haven't thought about it that much, but that would be typical, if that helps.
Rene F. Jones: How do I say this? The best I can do is, because what you have is we've also got other things that are in there, as well as sort of health savings account, things that are funded upfront. My sense is somewhere between $35 million to $40 million for all the items because -- somewhere in there. It doesn't all reverse itself right away because it gets smoothed out over the course of the rest of the year, right? But you should see somewhere in there would be the drop, I would expect.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, nothing has changed, if I get that right. I mean, to your specific item, we did that halfway through the quarter, right? So I guess there's still some benefit there. But I think all of that is really included in our thought that if we weren't adding unsecured debt and liquid securities, we'd be seeing about 2 basis points every quarter in compression.
Rene F. Jones: So that's a good question. I mean, it was very unusual in that almost everywhere you look, things were slow. So whether it'd be in our residential mortgage business, things were slow until we got the March, then we saw a pickup. If you go to loan volume in terms of pipeline, the same is true. If you look at our lock box volume, which is centered in upstate New York in the Mid-Atlantic, they would -- lock box in the first quarter volumes were significantly down, which is customer behavior, right? If you look at wires, handled out of our Western New York wire office, those were down significantly in January and February, picked up in March. If you look at debit card transactions, those were down, I think, 17% quarter-over-quarter but had an uptick in March. So almost every topic you looked at was affected. So my sense is, although I've not seen that before, that -- that it was something about the economy as a whole as opposed to something specific to M&T.
Rene F. Jones: Okay. Yes, sure, Brian. I mean, I guess, the best example I -- or logic I can give for the fourth quarter was that -- think about this. In order to be able to get to where we were at March 31 with the new program and onboarding all of our customers, most of the significant technology work on aggregating customers and focusing on gathering new information and putting those processes in, a lot of technology work is going to happen upfront because you can't begin those people-intensive process until you have your structure built. On top of that, all of the design of the program, using the outside consultants and ramping -- the ramp-up of the process, what I would suggest, one, it costs a lot, but then you become more efficient at the processes, as well. As you look through and remediate accounts, you become more efficient at that over time. So that's really what was behind -- a big part of what was behind the fourth quarter expenses being so high. It also -- to your point, a lot of what we've been doing over the course of last year on CCAR, I think was probably higher than it will be this year. Even though we'll continue to spend this year, that upfront engagement of what we're trying to do to meet the first test was pretty high. So I don't know if that helps, but that's kind of what we saw. And then I guess as we kind of move forward there, as -- we get the bulk of all of our processes in place and we're able to go back and look at how that new process affects our existing customer base, you begin, at some point, to start to move much more towards a normal process of rescreening your accounts and screening new accounts that are coming on, which is a much-less-costly process than kind of starting from where we are and looking at your existing book of, I think we've got 3.5 million customers and 5 million accounts, right? So you have to get through that whole process.
Rene F. Jones: I'd say we have got more work to do. I would say I was very pleased that we got a significant portion of what we need to do done in the first quarter. So more to do. And then I guess beyond there, it's hard to comment because we've got to see the rule, right? So and I think it's hard to suggest. But I think we're ahead of plan. And I think with that, you'll see a noticeable amount of new volume. But I think we're ahead of where we thought we would be.
Rene F. Jones: I'd say, I don't know, Brian. I don't know. All I know is that March looked more normal. And if -- had February and January looked like March, we would have been happy. But it's hard to predict the customer behavior from here.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. Thanks for the question. It's going very, very well. About a month-or-so ago, Kevin Pearson and I went down and we had a grand opening of our new New Jersey office, which means the majority of those folks that Bob listed, the 171 people, are all located in one particular office. And they have been generating business and working really well together. What's nice about it is that but for the fact that we don't have the branches, you've got every single M&T business division in that same office working together around leads. Both loans and deposits have been growing. I think Bob covered that in his stats in the message. So we've got a wealth management team set up there. So things look like it's going pretty well. And at some point in time, if we can get ourselves with a nice branch network behind us, it'll be a bonus on top of that. It kind of reminds me of -- if you've known M&T for a while, over the years, we've done -- we've been able to do a great deal of work at building a franchise or a community bank in places like Albany or the Hudson Valley before we were able -- ever able to have the benefit of a branch network. And I think there's something special about that. It builds a lot of character. So...
Rene F. Jones: Okay, so couple of things. So I guess, we were at $692 million in the first quarter and we've got some elevated salaries expense. But if you start there, you're already in the mid-600s, right? And then from there, you've got to think to the reasons why the expenses are elevated. So beyond BSA/AML, we are making improvements to our overall risk management structure because we're a larger institution. So while that spending is not as great, it'll probably last a little longer. And we talked about the build-out in the -- of our web banking platform and then investments we're making in that space and in the mobile space. So I think those will continue for a while. And then I think we've got one more -- another year of making sure that our capital planning process is really stable. So my sense is that it's not like a cliff. There's sort of a process we're going through, some of which will slow down at the end of this summer, but other things, which will continue and will reap the benefits over time. I think I said on the call last quarter that something -- that the idea that we would be the mid-55s and 50s number and an efficiency ratio was not unreasonable and it was in the long-term that a bank with this added infrastructure, because it's all leverageable, could operate in 50% to 55% space. And so that's how I would think about it in terms of long-term and maybe long-term efficiency ratio in those ranges.
Rene F. Jones: Well, with the liquidity coverage ratio, that's just going to be the case, yes, until we get to where we need to be. So, yes. Which is the sort of issue of what will drive the non-core margin compression, but the cost of that is -- there's no negative impact on the dollar amount of NII.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, the last one is easy. I don't know. 62, 67. Not my test, so I don't know. I was happy about it. The way to think about it, Todd, I guess, is that we were going into the test for the first time. And so that's one degree of uncertainty where all of the data that we've been submitted was going to run through to the Federal Reserves model. And then the other uncertainty is that we were doing just, I think, the only large bank transaction included in the stress test. So there was an amount of uncertainty there. And how do I think of uncertainty? I think we are very buttoned-down in terms of understanding the risks associated with Hudson City. We've looked at it a lot and we've looked at it for a long time now. But when you're taking something that -- an institution that's below $50 billion and you're running information on their mortgages and their data through a centralized stress test, again, there's uncertainty. So we just thought it was prudent to -- going into that situation, to assume that of the purchase price, we would assume that we would finance 70% of it. There's been no change in the agreement with the Hudson City and the Hudson City shareholders. That sort of brings me to sort of looking back at the economics. I mean, I think the way that we think about transactions whenever we talk to you about -- we announced that we're going to do a transaction and it makes economic sense. We are always starting with an internal rate of return that assumes 100% equity financing. And then we may choose to do 60% in the end or 70% or some other number, but what that means is that the return is that we told you upon announcement haven't changed. There's still 18-plus in terms of returns on IRR. And then to the extent that we -- we use less equity fine, that's a financing benefit. When we look at -- if we were to go through and use 70% in the transaction, as we look at the numbers, we still see a high-single digit accretion -- EPS accretion from the deal, high-single digit to low double-digit accretion, so not much has changed there. I think the one thing that we've noticed is that credit quality has improved at Hudson and -- which affects the marks in a positive way. And the other thing is that prepayment fees -- speeds have slowed, so it means that there's more net interest income than when we had originally announced the transaction and initial projections, right? So everything is held up well. I think our thought process was to try to be conservative and sort of help eliminate some of the uncertainties associated with putting that kind of a pro forma together and the test for the first time.
Rene F. Jones: No. I think the way I think about it is, at the time we get down to -- if and when we get down to that point, what we're committed to doing is making sure that our capital ratios are consistent with what we say in our stress test. And actually, for many, many years, we've made -- we've been very proud to do that with you folks. We're also doing that with our various regulatory bodies and that's how we're going to manage it to try to make sure we hit what we put in. I'll note, today, even today, if you look at the pace at which we generated capital in just the first 3 months, it's already higher than what we had in our base forecast ending up at 945. So we're generating capital quickly. As we get closer to a potential transaction there, we'll kind of make some decisions and decide what we need to do.
Rene F. Jones: No. I mean, I don't think we needed to change. I think this quarter -- I'm doing this off the top of my head, but in the last couple of quarters, our CRE growth has been about 2%. It was negative 1 annualized this quarter, so I don't know. Maybe that will bounce up and down. I don't expect us to see significant growth in CRE because of what you're saying in terms of the competition. And I think there are really 3 things, 3 broad things that are happening. One is what I mentioned and that's people looking for yields, so that's why you get the conduits where things are going into securities, you get the insurance companies who are also looking for yields. And so the low rate environment is driving that portion. Unless any of us expect that to change soon, my sense is that it will be around for a while. I think the second thing is that there's a whole another subset of folks, for example, who seem to be more aggressive in the multifamily space and I would assume it's because of the risk weighting on the assets. But relative to 1 year ago or so, we see more and more people interested in that multifamily space. And so I wouldn't expect that to change as well. I do anecdotally think that it has a lot to do with a favorable risk weighting, which in our mind, it tends to create risk in some way. So in those cases, we would tend to back away from those things, if the pricing and structure starts to fall outside of what we're normally comfortable with. And then finally, the third space is that we get a lot of competition from the smaller institutions, institutions that are smaller than us around in the community banking space. And I'm not sure, anecdotally, I know that, for example, as the FDIC rules change and as capital changes, we're building those into our models as RMs are making decisions every day. And it often wonders to me whether the smaller institutions are doing that as quickly and/or whether or not they've got a reprieve from some of the rules that's having an effect. So how you look at all of those things, I can't imagine that we're going to see any change in the pace there. And so when I think about mid-single digit, I'm really thinking about the commercial bank as a whole. I'm throwing out the resi real estate because that's just really held-for-sale stuff. And I think we're probably pretty close -- we're probably like 3% growth even with the down quarter in CRE this quarter when you combine C&I and CRE.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, yes. You got to throw out the security gains and the nonsense there. But just those regular categories, I think, without the securities gains, that's what we're looking at.
Rene F. Jones: Well, definitely, fee waivers are there, but that's in the base. I mean, that's been for a very long time so you've got upside there as rates turn around. But I think for us, we've had year-over-year, I think the trust number first quarter was flat. I think from time to time, we have -- what we refer to is nonrecurring fees, but I don't think that's the right term. So for state fees and lumpiness and so forth. And we were on the downside this quarter. And so that was sort of led to our comments that we wouldn't be surprised to see it be a little stronger as we move into the rest of the year.
Rene F. Jones: Well, I think -- I think, if I look at our statistics over many, many quarters, our pricing has been relatively consistent and we're reflecting the changes in the cost structure in a way that says the returns are a little lower than they used to be. But the pricing is relatively consistent. And the way I would characterize it is we're in there with the competition so we don't set the price, per se, but we compete. So that's driven mostly by the market. I think the way to look at it is there are certain triggers that we just don't like to go through in terms of what we're generating in terms of pricing and ROEs. Having said that, the other part of it is structure. And when I mentioned the commercial real estate process, there's been some structural issues, people are willing to go 10 years on things that we might go 5. So I think what's going to slow us down is probably if that continues to change and hit sort of a lower-level triggers. It's not broad-based, but we've seen, here and there, we could get -- beat out on the price on the CRE deal by 100 basis points. So if that continues and the number of times that continues goes up, I think you're going to see us be relatively slow. But if you go back to 2004, that's what was going on with us as well. We had almost no growth, particularly in New York City. And we couldn't quite understand it. We just felt the pricing was irrational. And lo and behold, you could kind of see that in the aftermath, that it was.
Rene F. Jones: No, I don't know. But I would sort of just -- I don't know that I would work too much into it and especially given that we were in the middle of our CCAR submission, we're combining 2 banks and all of that, there's a lot of moving parts. But I don't have insight into what drove the change.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, it was down, I think there's 2 things that are in there. One in particular is just movements with the market because it's the other side of some of our postretirement benefits that are there. But the other thing that's in there is our customer swap business. And so there was a lot of activity in the fourth quarter. That activity was just quiet, just like everything else, right? So my sense is that's very dependent upon rates. And if you were to see the rates come back down, then you get more activity going on there where people try to lock in to fix. And so that, if you look at what's happened recently, that would -- either your account would be right. I don't know about the exact dollar amount, but that's what the movement is.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, I do think so. I think that is definitely the case. I mean, if you get away from M&T and you look at national trends, there's a change in behavior that people are seeing, which is that there are fewer and fewer NSF-eligible type transactions, which I guess at the end of the day is a good thing. Customers said they're really understanding how the process works and they're adjusting their behavior, which is probably what you want to have happen.
Rene F. Jones: I know we'll spend -- my gut is that we'll spend more this year than we did last year. And then the question will become, how do we -- look, what's happened is that the regulation has come very fast. And so we had to -- we and other institutions have had to react to that change very rapidly. So you have existing processes in the bank and so really what you're doing is you're adding onto them and not necessarily with the time it takes to rethink everything. So my sense is, just pure numbers, it will be higher this year in 2014, but then we'll begin to start looking at -- we'll begin to start looking at how we are able to achieve those things in a more efficient manner and maybe it means that stuff starts to level off or come down a little bit. But there's still a lot of regulation that needs to get put in place, right? So I don't know if that helps. That's why we actually put it out there. We track it. It tells us a lot about what's going on in the industry. We'll continue to do it.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. If you would ask me that a couple of years ago, I think it was about 2.5 and now it's something like 4.7, 4.8. So if you look at that, in one sense, you could get alarmed by it. But I think the thing to think about is, as we moved from that 2.5 to 4, whatever, what we've been doing is we've been -- to the best of our ability, as we add those securities, we're trying to match it. So you saw the $1.5 billion, which was 5s and 3s, right? So that's sort of right in that space. So I think from a risk management perspective, we're probably about the same risk profile. But cosmetically, that number looks a little worse or a little longer.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. We do, do that in our stress test, regardless of the fact that because we're under $250 million and $1 billion in assets, we have the ability to -- we don't have to do that method. We still actually run through that whole process of understanding what it would be in that situation. But I don't think -- I think the way the rules are written, you're not going to end up being longer than anybody. Everybody is going to be right in about the same place. And it's pretty short, actually, in total, I think.
Rene F. Jones: So the way I think about it, Gerard, is that -- you describe it well, I mean, we spend a lot of time understanding the risk in our balance sheet, the capital, how much it could fluctuate over the years. And we've done a pretty good job of managing it. But now the standards are a little different, right? So the standard is that not only do we have to do that, but on a national level, we have to go through the same exact test as everybody else. And I think the first part of my answer is that we're still going to a place where we want to make sure that those levels are predictable. Not our own internal models, but also the external models. And so we're very pleased about where we came out, going into the test with a 9.1% capital and coming out sort of in the middle of the pack, we think begins to show -- fit the risk profile of the institution. And as we get more comfortable with that, I think what you'll see is that we'll start getting right back into the process of making sure that if we have excess capital because it doesn't make sense to make loans, we'll have to try to figure out ways to give that back. It's just sort of where we are in the maturity of the process that sort of puts us, makes us reluctant to sort of talk about a particular number. And I think you'll learn more about that as we go through this year. And then I think once we go through one more test, it will be very clear and we can talk about it. But you got to -- unless you have transparency there and you're talking about the target ratio, when you give back capital, when you don't have a use for it, it's hard to sort of get -- to be really efficient. The other thing I would mention is that because we've held off on a number of things, we're not exactly very efficient today in the rest of the capital structure that we have. We still have a lot of sub-debt that's sitting around that is probably not necessary now. We have a fair amount of hybrids that are sitting around that are no longer necessary. In the past, we would probably start to begin to fine-tune that, but as you know, the way in which we're able to do that is go through to the next test and then -- right? And then ask for it then. So it takes a little longer to get there. I would hope that as we saw on the test that it's starting to tell us that we're getting right about to where we need to be. And as long as we can continue to perform that way, then I think you'll start to shape out -- that answer will start to round out for you.
Rene F. Jones: No, I actually don't have, Gerard. And I think today, it would be fair to say that that's not a large number for us. I think the way we're thinking about the use of those types of products and other things, you saw for example that this quarter -- you didn't see, but this quarter, we completed the rollout of our image ATMs in Delaware, which is the last place that we needed to have them across our network. So if you look at all of those things, we're trying to figure out how to use those devices to have a lower cost delivery system on the one hand. And then in places where we do not have a branch network, we're trying to figure out if those types of things can actually help us, right, in the absence of a branch network. So that's the way I would think about it. But we're in the early stages and I don't think sort of just the raw numbers would be maybe significant relative to some of the large national players.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, sure. Let me start at the back of that. I think last call, I mentioned something around 57%, 58% utilization. If I go and just focus just on the commercial bank, that number is a little different. That number last quarter would be about 51.7% and then this quarter would be about 52.1%, so just a slight uptick. And that's probably, if you look back over the quarters, you don't see much change quarter-to-quarter, but you've seen a positive trend overall. So that's across the commercial bank network. And then the performance sort of varies by product by region. So we saw, for example in Western New York, while we didn't have double-digit growth, in C&I, we had 4% annualized growth, as well as in commercial real estate. And then if you kind of flip down to Baltimore, Baltimore was soft on the C&I side, it was down 3% annualized, but it was pretty strong in the real estate side, which is 7% annualized growth there. So it's relatively mixed, which I think is good. I think particularly if pricing and competition continues to get frothy, what's nice about our model is we can sort of bounce around and focus on the opportunities that makes sense for us and so you'll see a shift there. So it's pretty varied across the regions.
Rene F. Jones: No. We're not seeing any change in business banking but -- no, I don't think so. I mean, if you look at the numbers, I guess, we've been creeping up in the larger space, in the middle market companies. But I would suggest is if you take our whole book, we tend to bank smaller companies as a whole, right? And so we're probably a proxy for business banking across the U.S. and we haven't seen much of a change.
Rene F. Jones: Well, no, what I would tell you is that it was light. It was light in the first quarter because we didn't declare the dividend on the new preferred. So I'll give you that. And then we will -- maybe we'll put something in our 10-Q, so that you guys can see that.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. I mean, again, I'm going in reverse, we haven't changed anything in terms of loan-to-values. We tend to be relatively conservative. In part, we can do that because we're banking for the most part our customers or clients who we've known for a very, very long time, right, and who know us and sort of know what our standards are. So that's not changing at all. Your question is a fantastic one. I've been thinking about it a lot. I don't really know the answer. I don't know if everybody is under the same pressure or scrutiny. But it is surprising what you see. And quite frankly, I think in general, with the larger players seem to be much more rational, which is consistent with the fact that everybody is going through the same new regulations and oversight and capital testing. I don't know what to think about the smaller folks and maybe some folks that are outside of the banking industry. And I think that's a good topic to follow going forward because you've got to wonder whether the risk is controlled or the risk is moving, right? But I don't know enough to figure -- to have an answer to that.
Rene F. Jones: Well, the way I think about it is, those 2 are proxies for investments, right, and people seeking returns. So that's going to be driven heavily by the level of interest rates. I wouldn't expect to see competition on the C&I side because the loan part of that is just one of the things that we do. All of the ability to do cash management and help them, as I mentioned, lockbox and all those types of services, right, are really the core of what we do for those clients. Lending is just one component. So it will be very hard for an institution without those capabilities to compete with the large commercial bank.
Rene F. Jones: Okay. So this is -- thank you for the question. First, the regulatory environment is not going to change in the next couple of years. There's still a lot of regulation that's coming out. And there's been a fast change, so it's going to take a time to really embed those processes into what we do on a day-to-day basis. The other thing is just step back and think about maybe use like asset liability across the seasoned banks, right? So those things are extremely mature. As you see with liquidity coverage ratio, we're going to be running liquidity every -- on a daily basis. We've been there on asset liability for a very long time. The capital planning processes have to mature as well and that systems, people, repeatable process, right? So you've got to imagine that where we're going to get to is not a place where we're running an annual test or biannual test. But at any point in time, that as we're putting on business in our portfolios that change the risk profile, that we're going to be able to see those things real-time. So that is not a short-term test. And as some of my colleagues are telling me here, I guess the phrase is, "The bar is getting higher," and I think that will continue to happen. I think relative to maybe the 18 that have been through this a couple of years before us, we're probably a year behind them in terms of what we need to do. So a lot of work to be done there. And so I wouldn't expect to see any slowdown on that front.
