Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Brandy and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s first quarter 2020 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events & Presentations link. Also before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings on Forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q including the Form 8-K filed today in connection with our earnings release for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. Now, I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Donald MacLeod: Real quickly. I had one question e-mailed to me asking about the bifurcation of the allowance at March 31, consumer versus commercial. I believe that the number we disclosed that with the adoption of CECL was 55% commercial, 45% consumer. It would be a little a couple -- maybe one or two points higher than that today, but not materially different.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, a clarification of any of the items on the call or the news release is necessary, please reach out to our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
Darren King: Sure. If you look at the Moody's, which we do look at their various scenarios, we consider a range of their scenarios. The baseline is primary. But if you look at this quarter, I think it's there -- the S-3 scenario was also considered in our thought process when we were thinking through the assumptions in the CECL. And I guess, I'd just remind you that the economy and the expectations for the future are certainly in flux. And we looked at those and considered those when we were going through our work at the end of the quarter. At that point, we're probably expecting a sharp turn down and maybe a sharper recovery than what would appear to be the case today, but as we go through the next 90 days, we'll know more. And we'll see how things unfold. How quickly a restart happens or doesn't. And how those affect the future projections both from what we're seeing and what Moody's is seeing as we go through the quarter and as we think about things at the end of this quarter.
Darren King: Well, it's our expectation that the margin's probably moving down in the quarter. When you look at the -- while LIBOR has held up well, it did move down at the end of -- well, as we went through the quarter. And it's important to keep in mind, when pricing changes happen in the loan portfolio. And so -- well, the benchmark rate or the reference rate gets updated usually in the first few days of the month. And so any changes in that later in the month don't get reflected until the following. And so as you look at what happened this quarter with the drop of 150 basis points coming after the first week in March, most of that will start to get reflected in April and through the second quarter. The only other thing that I'd just remind folks is we think about margin in the second quarter is the PPP loans are going to have an impact on the margin. At 1%, those are low-yielding loans, although they carry a zero risk weighting. That's a substantial portfolio that will come on stream in the next several days and we'll have a material impact on the margin. So, I try to think about it a little bit both in terms of the margin, but also in focus on net interest income and the dollars of net interest income, and how those are likely to unfold over the course of the next three, six and nine months.
Darren King: Yes, I guess, if you look at the various portfolios, the ones that we're paying a lot of attention to hotel, retail, restaurants, leisure, and to some extent, the healthcare facilities. What we're seeing so far is still early in terms of their economic performance. And when you look at -- we don't have first quarter financials yet. When you looked at where things were at the end of last year, they were still pretty strong. And so to see a change in the portfolio this early doesn't really happen. But as we look at the -- at forbearance and payment relief, a lot of those industries are places where they're getting some help. And when we look at some of the underlying trends in terms of loan to values, they're still solid. I think it will take a while for loan to values to adjust as well because a lot of times, the value is a function of the cash flows, and it remains to be seen what the ultimate long-term set of cash flows are with many of those industries, hotels being an obvious one. And so it's still a little early to say that we're seeing severe challenges in those industries per se. But as we talked about, when you look at the reserving, we've increased the reserve pretty substantially since the end of the year. And that's the whole idea of CECL is to start to account for the impact of changing economy on various industries. The other thing to keep in mind, which is still hard to really assess is how the stimulus package, which is really unprecedented might impact any of these portfolios. And in particular, the PPP program as a result of that. Many of the industries that we are concerned about have access the PPP program. And for our customers, they should be receiving the funds started over the weekend and should happen through the end of the week. And that should give them some liquidity to help get through the next two and a half months as the program was designed. So, no material regrading at this point as we just spend our time actually working with customers and calling them and making sure that we understand their situation and figure out ways to help keep them operating.
Darren King: Yes, when you look through the 10-K, tables five and six outlined a lot of the stuff. You look at hotels, between permanent and construction; it's just about $4 billion. Retail, you mentioned was about $6.3 billion. That covers a broad range of industries. I guess, a couple of things to keep in mind in retail is when you look at C&I retail, a lot of that is multi-unit retail and convenience stores associated with gas stations. And so those have been essential. And those have been open, although I'm sure, operating at lower volumes. And much of the retail book is actually associated with multi-storey buildings in Manhattan. And retail happens to be the first floor, but the way it gets coded, it gets coded as retail. If you look at restaurant and leisure, there are segments that aren't individually big enough that we call them out separately in those tables. Together, they're about $2 billion. So, I give you but they're contained within the other and some of the other line items. But collectively, they're relatively small in the grand scheme of things.
Darren King: So, it's still early in the process, and we haven't heard any mass defections. I think most of the time; people have chosen to stay in place. And try to isolate themselves within the facilities. And many of the owner operators are taking measures to help care for the residents by separating them by floors based on whether they're -- they've tested positive or not. But there's really no other place in many cases for these folks to go. And so they stay where they are. And so we haven't really seen any material change in occupancy rates as of last week.
Darren King: I think it's hard to give an exact number because it varies by facility, type, and by geography. The one thing, I guess, we do know is we've seen at an industry level, some of the occupancy rates come down just as new builds came online. But that's an industry where those rates move up and down. And the operators are pretty savvy about being able to absorb capacity. So, we haven't seen anything yet where there is an issue with the facility's ability to maintain occupancy rates above their breakeven.
Darren King: We haven't run the 2020 -- or updated it since the stress test and the CCAR submission. If you think about the CECL and how it works, you've got a reasonable and supportable period, right, which is a couple of years. And then after that, you revert to the long-term average of the portfolio. And so there's a little bit of a difference between CECL and its calculation of losses versus what the stress test might be in addition to the assumptions made in the stress test about, well, one, how severe it is and how long it is. But so far, the assumptions in CECL would have been almost as severe, although not quite, but certainly not as long. And so there's a change that may or may not happen depending on how the economy restarts. I guess we'll see as we go. But those would be the big factors that would be different between those two. I guess the thing that we focus much or more on what we know to be the quality of the portfolio and the quality of the credits that underlie it. And when you look at the CCAR results, you look at our DFAST, which you mentioned; we are lower than the Fed under stress. And our actual losses in the last crisis were lower than that. And when we think about our reserving, we're obviously adjusting it and taking into account the latest information about what's going on in the economy, but we're also looking at the portfolio and what's happening in the portfolio. And it's so far very, very early on to understand how the impact of the stimulus is going to work, how the -- how quickly the restart is going to impact the portfolio. But just looking at loss coverage, over the average of the last five years, the loss coverage in the allowance is about seven times what the charge-offs have been. And our peak losses as a percentage of loans in the last crisis was 1%. And so there's lots of different ways to kind of triangulate and figure out whether or not you feel reasonable with the reserve. And based on the assumptions that we used, we felt comfortable with the combination of those Moody's scenarios that we talk about. We looked at the quality of the portfolio and how it's performing so far and the history. And looked at the ratios along a number of those dimensions. And based on where we sit right now, we feel comfortable with it and if the outlook changes, then we'll update that at the end of the next quarter.
Darren King: Sure. It's interesting how our conversations about our dividend change through time. It wasn't that long ago that 33% payout ratio didn't seem like very large. And we kept saying one day, the world will change, and it will be good to have a lower payout ratio. So, we start from a good spot in terms of the payout ratio. When you look at the PPNR to assets, the ratio of PPNR that we generate compared to the average is at the high end, if not amongst the high end, certainly amongst peer group. And we expect that to continue in the short term. And our capital ratio is even at 9.2%, assuming we don't do any repurchases, is only going to go up. And we have 220 basis points of distance between us and where we would believe we would be under the stress capital buffer framework. And so for now, we feel pretty good that we're generating earnings and have the capital that we need to be able to support lending to creditworthy customers in our community. And so for now, we feel like it's sustainable. And I'll remind you that we worked really hard to make sure it was sustainable through the last crisis as well.
Darren King: Yes, just going to get a little more detail on, if I got it by industry. Now, when I look at the work that we've done so far, as you might expected, the deferrals in the commercial book. First, they skew towards a small business customer just because of the numbers. And when you look in there, it's disproportionately restaurants, hotels and parts of the economy that are related to activity and people being out and about. The other thing, though, that's important to keep in mind is when I also look through the distribution of industries that were accessing PPP and were funded through the PPP program, it reflects a very similar distribution in terms of the types of customers that are receiving -- that are receiving funds under that program. It would skew towards restaurants. It would skew towards hospitality and hotels and the like as well as some of the construction that's been shut down. And so when we look at the deferrals that have happened so far, what's interesting, at least to me, is that there is lots of folks, both in consumer and in commercial, who have asked for deferrals, but have not actually exercised it. And so just to give you an example, within the mortgage portfolio, about a-third actually made their April payments. When we look at some parts of the real estate book, in the multifamily space, our customers are reporting that anywhere between 75% and 90% depending on the type of property of the rental payments were made by customers in April. And many of those would have sought some kind of deferral. And so a lot of these programs were implemented and mandated by various state authorities. And people took advantage or at least took the time to call and say, I want you to know that, I've been impacted by COVID. So that, if they choose to take advantage of the deferral or the payment relief that they're okay doing it and there won't be any issues with credit reporting and the like. But in the first month, we were quite pleased and pleasantly surprised with the number of payments that were actually made.
Darren King: Sure. I think -- we're hopeful that there will be a second round because, obviously, it was in high demand by business customers around the country and a very helpful program. We are in business to help all the customers in our communities, whether they're actual customers today or future ones. I think one of the things that maybe is a little misunderstood around the industry, with relation to whether you look at customers or non-customers, wasn't to say we prefer customers over non, but more to be able to get the money in the hands of folks more quickly, because of AML, BSA know your customer processes, it was much easier to expedite your existing customers because those checks were already done and that you'd already done those verifications. And therefore, you could process them more quickly and had a better chance of helping them get access to the PPP early on. And if the -- if the amount gets increased or Congress passes an additional amount of stimulus, I suspect you will see that more non-customers might look to access funds around the country. But I think the SBA and the Fed did a good job setting up as many banks as possible to be able to provide access for their customers.
Darren King: Frank, that's the million-dollar question. It's -- I think -- I guess, we were pleased that the way the program was set up provided an opportunity for there to be forgiveness. And that it was designed in a way to keep as many businesses as possible open and running and with people employed. And so, I would expect that, that as many companies as could demonstrate that they met the criteria for forgiveness that they would choose to try and improve that and take advantage of that. How quickly they're able to do it? I can't handicap. But it seems very unlikely to me that a significant percentage will last the full two years, right? And how many will prepay or seek forgiveness after three months, six months, nine months, I think it's really tough to handicap, which is part of the reason why forecasting balances going forward and forecasting the margin going forward is so difficult just because it's really tough to figure out what might happen. And again, depending on where those customers were and which parts of the country and how quickly those parts of the country restart, I think we'll have a big impact on what percentage of those customers seek and receive forgiveness and over what time period.
Darren King: Well, so while the rates have come down, what you've seen is spreads have widened. And so when you think about the cost of funding for the banks, while it's down in absolute, the spread that we have to pay is a little bit higher. So, when you think about yields, you're probably seeing a little bit of an increase in the spread to the benchmark or the reference rate was probably in the low 200s, high 100s as we entered the year. You're probably seeing things in the range of 50 to 70 basis points wider on new money coming in right now. But obviously, that varies a lot depending on the collateral and the loan to values in the industry. But the absolute yield for the customers, from their perspective, even though the spreads might be a little bit wider is certainly coming down.
Darren King: Well, securities or whatever market is, we don't anticipate adding a lot of securities in this environment just because of the impact that it can have on AOCI as rates go up. And when we look at the yield, we get holding it in at the Fed. It's not much different than what we can invest in. And so just given the uncertainty of the cash flows and how long they might be around, we'll kind of hold them more overnight while we wait for things to settle down.
Darren King: Sure. Obviously, the -- in many cases, the value of the collateral is directly a function of the underlying business operations, right? So, if you think about a hotel and the value that the property, it's as much a function of its ability to generate cash flow from occupancy and so the value of that collateral in the short-term drops. But its ultimate long-term value will be a function of how that particular geography rebounds from the pandemic, and how quickly the occupancy rates come up. And the other thing that you find is -- and we found in the last crisis is, when these values start to drop and people are stressed, new money comes into the system and buys up those properties. Many of our customers are sitting on cash and hoping that some of these property values come down because they'll see it as an opportunity to get good quality assets at a low price. And so there does tend to be a bit of a floor on many of these things, particularly the real estate assets. And so, I guess the thing that is tricky is, in the short term, there could be an immediate reaction. But in the short term, people don't have cash flow problems. It takes them a while to burn through their cash. And then like we said, they access these various programs to bridge them and get them through. And then we see how quickly they come up and what we need to do to keep them going. And so, when we stress the portfolio, we'll stress LTVs and see what happens with their cash flow. And the impact that has on LTVS, and we'll stress their debt service coverage ratio. And we'll look at how far their income has to fall or rates have to go up or any of the above to look at their debt service coverage ratios. And then, when we put those two together. And historically, when we've looked at the portfolios and we put those two things together, we found that a very small percentage of our customers and outstanding dollars are really challenged and severely stressed when both of those things happen together. And so, we've got certain parts of the portfolio that are impacted more than others based on the pandemic. And then within that, there is different geographies that are impacted differently, and then customer-specific situations that are impacted. And so, it's always a work in progress to figure out what the loan to values might be at any given time. The good news is that it takes a while for the losses and for these challenges to emerge. And so what's interesting is the pace of information around society has gotten really fast. But the pace of change in terms of how these things flow through the economy and impact businesses isn't quite as fast. And so it's going to take a while for this to work its way through the system and through the portfolios before you get into a situation where you're really relying on collateral values to try and bail you out. But as you've heard from us before, when we look at many of our statistics about loan to values in our commercial portfolios, they're very low. When we look at loan value to bone, they get even lower. And so from where we sit today, we feel like we've got a lot of room to be able to protect ourselves. But really, that's the last resort. Our first resort is to work with clients to keep them in business, because that's the best outcome for everybody.
Darren King: It's the -- I'm hesitating, Peter, not because I'm dodging the question, but more it's the impact of PPP and how that offsets the impact of the decreased margin against the loan growth, right? And so some of the loan growth we saw at the end of the quarter was really nice. We'll see how long those lines remain drawn, but those will create some net interest income in the second quarter compared to the first, maybe helps minimize some of the decrease. And then the other question is those PPP loans. Adding $6.5 million of principal balance is helpful to net interest income. I mean, even though the yield is low, there are some other fees associated with it. And then we get to the question of how long they stay. And then we'll have a full quarter impact of LIBOR on the other side and its impact. So, absent PPP, net interest income is probably moving down, although not quite at the same rate as margin might be, just because of the loan balance growth. And then you add on the -- whatever your estimate is of PPP on top of that, and how long those loans actually stay on the balance sheet.
Darren King: Yes. So, residential is going to see more activity. I think the -- the commercial business, a lot of the way it works is the pipelines take a while to build. And so the second quarter pipeline will be -- or fees will be a function of how the pipeline was before the economic activity slowed down in the stay at home orders or shelter in place orders came into effect. How quickly things start-up? How construction comes online? How many people try to take advantage of rates will be a function of where they are in the back half of the year. And so I would expect the commercial business from a mortgage perspective to be a little tougher, probably won't be near what it was last year, which the third quarter last year was a record quarter for us. On the consumer side, I think the refinancing activity continues, especially with rates where they are. You haven't seen the rates come down for customers as much as they have in the market just because many of the servicers struggle with adjusting the underwriting and staffing to meet demand. And so a lot of times, what happens is the price gets impacted to manage demand. And so you'll see a little bit of benefit and gain on sale there. The other thing that's a little bit of a question is how many people are in some kind of payment deferral or payment relief, because it would be tougher for them to qualify for a refinance when they're under that situation. And so that will take some people off the table right away. But it will keep the mortgage servicing business a little bit longer. And so I would think that, overall the cash flip there, would be more secure and potentially have some more upside as people look to refi and you get the gain on sale component of that. And I would expect that, the gain on sale margins will stay elevated for at least a little while longer, just because of the ability to get folks, on the phones and able to handle the volume that's coming in. When you get to the trust lines or some of the other fees, when you look at some of the other fees and kind of the service charge category, you'll see the impact of interchange and slower economic activity there, as people are out doing less things and drawing on their account less often. You'll see the instance of NSF come down. That tends to be an activity driven fee. And so you see a decrease there. And then you've got the impact of the equity markets on assets under management and those fees. And then depending on how long rates stay low, you've got the impact on the money market mutual fund fees, and not charging there and subsidizing that, so, on the funds maybe it's, $10 million a quarter, kind of impact. If you look at the equity markets, maybe the same kind of thing. And then when you think about the other fees, you're probably in $15 million-ish a quarter, $20 million a quarter, something like that.
Darren King: Sure. So, I guess, if you look at New York City, we got to break down the different components of what sits in New York City and what percentage of the portfolio it is. If you look in the hotel space, it's now 20% of the portfolio. And obviously, it's completely shut down, and there's not a lot of tourism happening there right now. But if you look at those properties and the value of those properties, we would expect those to hold up pretty well through time. They might drop, but the likelihood that they drop below our loan-to-value for any extended period of time, we don't see as a high probability right now. When you think about the multifamily portfolio, I'll go back to where we talked about payments that were made by renters in April, and that the rates of people paying their rent were quite high from kind of 75% of the payments coming in and maybe our average building in terms of quality, if you were to pitch it that way. The higher end buildings, we're seeing payment rates of more in the 90% range. And so, we would expect those folks to stay in good position. We've mentioned a number of times just about the relationships we have in New York and how long they are and how liquid those customers tend to be that those are the ones that oftentimes in these environments would see opportunity as much as they see risk and would look to be buyers as opposed to sellers. And then when I mentioned some of the retail in New York City, you see in retail probably be the hardest hit there and that the rental rates for High Street properties on Madison Avenue and Fifth Ave., they've been under pressure for a while. And so this probably resets those rates lower. But in many cases, when we look at our properties in Manhattan, where it might get classified as retail because of what those rates had been, many of those, if not all of those properties have multiple floors above the first floor retail space. And they would have office or some residential or mixed use. And the cash flow that comes from the upper floors is enough to sustain the property if retail is vacant or is challenged. And so we feel pretty good that we've got the cash flow covered at least in the short term and totally understandable why New York City is a question. Obviously, given our position there, we pay a lot of attention to it and are in constant contact with the customer base. And it's because of that, that I was able to quote some of those numbers about the rent payments that we're seeing. And so we're on top of it. And based on what we can see right now, are confident that the portfolio will be solid like we saw in the last crisis.
Darren King: Go take a walk or something. I guess, right now, our first priority is trying to help customers. And make sure that we use the programs as we believe they were intended to try and put the money in the hands of our customers to try and keep them open and running and to help keep employment as high as it can be or paychecks flowing, and to help stimulate the economy to make the impact of this pandemic as low as possible for our customers and our employees and our community. If you look at the programs that are out there, many of the programs are repeats from last time. If you look at the health program or you look at the commercial paper program or you look at many of the other programs, they are repeats and have an outcome that's known. So far, we haven't heard anything about TARP or the likes of TARP. And I think if you look at the outcome of the last crisis and you look at the stress test and you look at the capital levels in the industry and amongst us and the peers, we're all starting from a great place when you look at liquidity, which banks are not that difficult to either fail or survive because of liquidity and capital. And so capital is in a good place and liquidity so far is in a good place. And when you think about the moves that everyone is making to preserve both liquidity and capital, I think we're starting from a good place. And so the industry's need to rely on some of these programs like we had to in the last crisis or some of the other ones that you mentioned, is a little bit less. I think as an industry as these programs are being developed by Congress and by the Fed, we're being asked for input. And we're trying to help provide input to make sure that the programs are structured in a way that make them most beneficial to the customer and so that we can help facilitate them. I think this PPP program other than some of the operational and procedural hiccups that happened, is actually a really good program. And that it was thoughtful and that it was designed to be relatively low documentation, but you had to show that you are covering operating expenses, so it was designed to keep you in business. With the FDA guarantee behind us, it's -- it should be helpful. And then with the forgiveness for the outside world, I guess, probably the thing that if you're going to be cynical and worried, you would worry about the documentation aspect of the PPP program and whether there's a change of heart and how that's looked at. I think you could argue that some of the FHA programs and documentation became a bit of a bugaboo for the industry last time around. But I think that's also partly why you saw some banks, us included, not rush out when the program became final on Thursday night, that Thursday, but go out on Monday so that we could take the time to make sure we had a very good process where we could put the documentation in place. And one of the key components of that was BSA-AML. And so I think there's a lot that the industry has learned to try and protect ourselves from those types of things. We're in a better starting place. And at this time, this isn't a financial crisis. This is driven by something else. And so hopefully some of the relationship, we'll call it between the banking system and Washington isn't at a place that it was in some of those other circumstances where you'd see a change of heart. But I don't want to be overly Pollyanna and say that a change in administration in November could change all that, too. So, it's something I think we all got to keep an eye on. But I think we're starting from a better place and are in a more thoughtful place than we would have been an industry going into the last crisis.
