René Jones: Thanks, Brian. I mean, I think that’s relative straightforward. We had a fair amount of purchases in the first three quarters of 2014. We took a pause in the fourth quarter. And I think our plan would kind of be to go back and do the same to sort of finish out the work that we have to do. So my sense is that the first three quarters of '15 will look generally very similar to what we’re doing in '14. And I think beyond that that should bring us well into compliance. I mean, we are in very good shape today. And I think what you will see next year is closing the final gap and then obviously thinking on the liability side beginning to replace debt, that’s maturing and getting into more of a routine cycle.
René Jones: Well, I think I can respond to in sort of general terms. I mean, so, as you know, we got through one CCAR and we’re pleased with how we fared. We believe and feel very comfortable that we made further enhancements, particularly to the sustainability of the process. So we are pretty pleased with the work we’re doing going in. From a general perspective, in terms of priority now that we have a higher amount of core loss absorbing capital, we’re heavy on the hybrid side. So we’ve not sort of one of the few people that have not yet optimized their hybrid. So that’s something that sort of falls into the first priority for us to figure out how to begin to take those instruments that won’t qualify as core capital or regulatory capital and move those off of our balance sheet. And then as we kind of work through fully implementing out our risk management infrastructure, I think it’s very logical that what you would see overtime, I can’t really talk about the timing, but that we would take what is very, very low payout, total payout ratio now relative to the average and we begin to sort of move that in sync. So for us, at some point in time it’s -- bank maintains its historical position. We tend to generate a lot more capital than others, but I think our plan is to sort of steadily make improvements in getting back to a more efficient space there. Timing, I can’t really talk about.
René Jones: Well, I mean, regardless of any CCAR test and what have you, I mean for us to be buying back shares while we’re entering a transaction just sort of outside of our thought process and our philosophy, our policy, not really our policy but just our behavior. So, that’s not something that we really have ever done.
René Jones: That’s a good question. I mean, I think right now I often say that when we do transactions that there is the pricing, there is the integration, but then there are the merging of the systems, but then there is longer integration. And the way I think about it is, we are always open to opportunities, but we are very, very heavily focused on continuing to make improvements into our back-office or infrastructure and our investment platforms. We are still really very much in an investment mode in that space. And it’s been very nice to see that the topline revenue growth has consistently grown since the -- what has been 2.5 years since the merger, 3.5 years. And so that’s been positive, but we are still in investment mode. So to the extent that there is now lot of opportunities out there, we are not out there chasing them. But obviously down the road if something were to make sense for us to do, we would probably entertain it.
René Jones: And then, what I would say is that in that business topline and bottomline over the longer term are not the same because there is opportunity for leverage, right. And then the way we are thinking about it as well is the fee income aspect of it is very attractive as well.
René Jones: I guess, I don’t know if we’re in a different space. I mean, we have been pretty disciplined throughout. And what I can’t talk about next year, but as I look at this quarter, talking to every single region, the one thing that’s become common is that there is consistent competitive pressure. So from time to time when we get together, you will see some regions feel a little bit less pressure than others this and the fourth. As we finish the year everybody was very loudly speaking about the fact that our competitive pressure was relatively intense and probably stronger in the second half of the year than in the first. Generally speaking, the big issue that we are seeing -- one of the big issues that we are seeing across the board is that people are moving out in terms of term, 10-year deal structures on commercial real estate. And what’s interesting about that is it's hard because our metric is pretty pure. So we, sort of, are questioning whether people are really getting the right risk-adjusted pricing for that that added term but generally other than that, no other big changes.
René Jones: No, we’ve got the appropriate amount of perpetual preferred stock for a balance sheet of our size or balance sheet of our size with, if you were to include Hudson City. So it's just actually excess sitting there.
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I’ll start up with saying, we don’t think about it in any different with or without, I mean, the numbers might change but we don’t think about it any differently because our key is sort of make sure that the core of our institution is very healthy. And so as we look at the current environment, I think it's a good reflection of what we’re likely to see as the banking industry going forward and revenue growth is very slow. You saw that we had mid-single-digit loan growth and we had some measures I mentioned of margin compression. And then on the fee side, our mortgage banking is relatively elevated. So it’s hard to see that growing dramatically. So I think you're in a slow revenue growth environment with a lot of healthy institutions competing for a few solid customers. We've been here several times before and part of that equation is looking at sort of the operating leverage. So as we go into -- as we go into ‘15, we would expect to see continued improvement. I won't repeat my comments around the spending on our projects most of which is in -- is in -- heavily in professional services. But if you just take that topic for a minute, if you were to look at our peer group which includes 11 institutions, so 12 with M&T. Typically over time, we are in the top quartile in terms of return on it -- return on tangible assets. And if you were to look through the third quarter with our higher level of spending related to these initiatives, we’re actually just outside of the top quartile. The single largest difference if you go across margin, different fee categories is the single largest difference is our spending and professional services. And simply moving that to the average spend for the peers puts us squarely in the top two or three position and in terms of return on tangible assets. Now we are focused on our overall business. And as I mentioned, we’re beginning to look around and think about other ways in which we should be optimizing the firm at a time we’ve gone through all this change. But if you look at just that particular item, it really is very telling as to what sort of has dragged down our returns of it. So we’ll have heavy focus there. And then I think we'll try to gain traction with some other initiatives that maybe we can get into full swing in the second half of -- our second half or towards end of ‘15 that will help us going into ‘16. So I expect continued improvement in our operating leverage.
René Jones: Yeah. Yes definitely and in fact as I guess I'm thinking about it, I'm not thinking about the deal when I’m saying that.
René Jones: I tried to say it in a different way. I mean, I guess, if you would move the LCR out of the way and you use the forwards largely if you believe the forwards, you don’t have much compression just looking at the forwards through to the end of 2015. But our current pace has been three to four and to the extent that we don't see increase in rates that's where it will be.
René Jones: Yeah. It’s a great topic in the sense that we’ve got so few shares outstanding that our numbers are really sensitive. So it’s like a couple million buck. So no, you really can attribute to any one thing maybe in a period we have lower credits available. But on the whole, I don’t expect any significant change when you look at ‘14 versus ‘15.
René Jones: Yeah, I mean -- I guess the big thing that I could do is kind of talk about what we saw. So one of the things that I thought was really relatively interesting in particular as we sort of finished the year is that like this quarter, over the last 12 months, our loan growth has been comprised of 5% in the New York City Metro, Philadelphia and New Jersey area and 5% in upstate New York and essentially flat i.e. zero in Pennsylvania and in the sort of Baltimore, Washington area. And you know a lot of the -- there is a sort of a greater abundance, at lease, in our portfolio on the real estate side as you get down to the Washington area. And what we sort of seeing there is that that there appears to be sort of -- I don’t know if it’s an inflection point but there is abundance of office space. You got to remember that the sequestration stuff is still affecting the economy there and then in the defense sector. So it just seems like as we look back over the last 12 months that really the slower growth we’re being seeing there in total and in the real estate side has been affected by the economy whereas here in upstate New York, it's been stronger than it has been quite frankly in the last 30 years. And similar is true down in and around our metro region. Other than that, I mean, the commentary is very consistent across the board. So what you're seeing and we were able to get the growth, the billion dollars of growth that you saw in our loan book 6% while that’s just coming from our core customers. And when we’re winning, it's usually because we have some sort of long-term relationship advantage that allows us to sustain the deal that provide some benefit beyond pricing, particularly, when it comes to smaller community banks. So a lot of pressure that we’re seeing is coming from the smaller community banks but they just don't have the breadth of services. So if you’re getting a larger more mature client, we tend to have a bit of an advantage there.
René Jones: No. I mean, I think it's very much the same as both across the board, maybe a little greater on the consumer side but it's a smaller portfolio.
René Jones: Yeah. So roughly at the fed we had $9 billion in the quarter and at the end of the quarter it was already down to six. So three of the four rise was sort of off our balance sheet by the end of the year. So that gives you some sense of the normalization there.
René Jones: It’s hard to say, depending on what the client needs are but my sense is that the year-end numbers are better number than what you saw during the quarter, that 5 billion or 6 billion is a better number. And then in terms of the LCR, we’ll be back into the market with unsecured fundings primarily. And we really never, even though the deposits that we’re talking about on the trust side, definitely qualifying the liquidity coverage ratio. We kind of in our internal view, sort of cap the amount that we use because of the uncertainty around the availability of those deposits. So most of the LCR purchase would be funded at the wholesale market.
René Jones: I think, I said yes, I think, yes, we will continue. I just can’t tell you how much but that’s what our efforts will be to do. And quite frankly, the tougher the revenue environment is out there, the more time you actually have to focus internally on your operations. We've done it before so it tends to be something that we're pretty good at, so yes.
René Jones: Yes, I probably can. Give me a minute. Someone will do that, so you can hear all the shuffling of paper running around.
René Jones: Yeah. We had some discussion about that. I mean, I personally think it was a little unusual. Last year they were down slightly but I think that was across the board in the industry with behavior changes but our volume of transactions was lower. We had some really nice -- very large storm in Buffalo but still with the year end and the holiday spend I was a little bit surprised about the nature of the decline. Having said that, it was both on the consumer and the commercial side. So I think we’ll have to wait and see what underlying customer behavior is. So we do this, I mean, I guess on the residential side, -- I’m getting all this. So I mean, roughly we had about $70 million of our mortgage banking income was on the retail side and another $23 million was on the commercial side and of the $70 million, about $56 was on servicing.
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I think, first of all, actually, I was talking about the total payout ratio, when I look across the industry.
René Jones: And I think, you're right, we’ve always been historically lower. We think, we felt, always felt that was a more prudent decision and of course, we didn't cut the dividend. So it sort of hovered around 30%, which is not atypical for we've been. I think what is atypical is the long period of actually not having any sort of increase in that dividend. But as a general philosophy, I don't know that it's going to be very different. We think that it matters regardless sort of what the rules are currently that in order to have more flexibility, it probably makes sense. At a point in time when you’re distributing the normalized percentage of your earnings that making sure that a decent percentage of that or a large of that is in repurchases is probably where we would end up on the long run. I don’t know if that tells you much, Bob.
René Jones: Yeah. I think that’s right and I think, if you just don’t get yourself into the guidance space for a minute, outside what we typically would do in this new environment. I think, really what it says is that you got to, to the extent that there is there is no hard limit, but to the extent that you are over 30, you should be very, very comfortable with your risk management platform and your ability to monitor and to see risks, identify risks. And so a lot of the way we think about it is that over the last year and then in the coming year, we continue to make improvements. So we’ll talk a lot about that during the course of the year in those areas and I think that may end up giving us more flexibility as those new structures mature.
René Jones: Well, had the balances at the fed remained at $5 billion where they were in the previous quarter. The net interest margin would have been -- printed net interest margin would have been 13 basis points higher than the 3.10%, so 3.23%. And we've not gotten back, the whole $4 billion as of the end of the year. We got back three quarter of that, right. So you can pretty very much use those numbers to kind of figure it out.
René Jones: If there -- if the rate environment pans out like the forward curve say, you just get a total of probably something like 3 to 4 just for the LCR or some like that, right.
René Jones: Yeah. I think that’s exactly how we think about it, I am not giving you a number, a little less prepared than I should be, because at the same sort of number that’s it’s been out there for a long time that you can actually see in the regulatory reports. But that’s exactly how we think about it and as each of the phases of the work streams, sort of work themselves down, there's a lot of excess professional services that are no longer necessary because they are covered by the existing staffing base that you’ll see come down. And it might not be all of that because we are continuing to invest in technology, in some of those areas as well. But there should be a noticeable amount by the time we get towards the end of the year.
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, generally, we would characterize ourselves as on track with every single workstream that we have. And I think probably one of the most meaningful things that’s out there is -- think about this is, as by the time we get ourselves to March 31st for the first quarter, we will have had implemented our new customer risk rating system and it will have actually been running and in effect for a full year. And so that's great because through the course of ‘14m as we’ve run that we've been able to get some of the, any kinks out of the system and feel really good that as we onboard new customers that we’ve got a good stable system to do that. So that I think is a real key milestone. I think we've got to -- we use the term remediate our existing customer base. We’ve got to do the entire customer base, 5 million accounts, 3.5 million households or 3.7 million households and we've gotten through the majority of the high-risk customers and we are on schedule with that work. And so no blips in sight there. And of course the remaining group of moderate and lows, we will get through over time right. But that will take some time but we are on track. Transaction review is well underway. And I think I started talking about probably in the third quarter of last year and on schedule for completion. And then we have -- really are pleased with the fact that we now have controls in monitoring and management reporting that is under -- is being operated in every single business unit. And that allows us to sort of escalate any customers’ issues that are there. So relative to where we were before, we have made substantial progress. The capabilities that we have today versus where we were, say two years ago are vastly different. And so we feel very, very good about that progress.
René Jones: Yeah. So if you look at the portfolio, it's about just under $11 billion. And in terms of average balances, the biggest portfolio there is a home equity line of credit which is $5.8 billion and our auto portfolio is just under $2 billion and that's rounded out with the next biggest thing is sort of…
René Jones: …yeah recreation finance and other loans, other personal loans that are about $3 billion. So, I mean, I think with the consumer loans, those things tend to move in a very predictable pattern. We've seen pretty steady growth over the quarter so if you look for example, we said 7% over this past quarter. It was 7% year-over-year in terms of the fourth quarter, over fourth quarter. So, I would expect that to continue at that pace and maybe actually be slightly higher based on what we are seeing with the trends. We are not changing our credit profile in that space relatively conservatives.
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I think, look, if I look at what we’re doing and I just, I look at clearly BSA/AML program, clearly the risk management and compliance updates and then definitely on the technology side as well, every one of those investments is a leverageable investment. And so one of the reasons why we -- or a number of reasons, but one of the reasons why we were so focused on doing this fast is because to the extent that you get behind you, you can sort of begin to participate, mature those things right and then use them as you grow the institution. So I can’t give you timing, but clearly we think of all of those investments and the investments that we will make in 2015 and that like. I think that’s really important.
René Jones: Yeah. I think, I sort of implied that in my comments earlier Gerard. I think the way I think about it is this is a process, right, and it’s a process because we’re going through a period of great change. So we took our efforts. We didn't issue shares during the crisis. We then built our capital up organically to where it is today. We made our investments our different platforms, particularly in the CCAR and risk management. We fared well in the CCAR test, right. And then as we kind of go into this test, it’s an evolution. So my sense is that from a pure capital perspective, you see in a test there is not a need given our risk profile to have higher capital levels. But I think the rest of that process is to make sure that our risk management process is to sort of keep monitoring that are very, very sustainable. That’s the sort of phase we’re in now. And then as we kind of check that box, I think our job is to get back to normal distributions and get the capital out there back to the investors. I think that issue becomes exacerbated were we to consummate the Hudson city deal, because it essentially is a portfolio that under us would be much, much smaller, right, which then suggests it throws off a lot of equity and the only way you create value is to get that excess equity back to the shareholders over time.
René Jones: I don't think we’re thinking about it that way right now, Gerard. I think that -- I don't think capital levels -- I wouldn’t think about capital levels coming down from where they are today. I think that they are healthy, but they're probably for the industry where they were continued to be. When I look beyond that and I look into our portfolio and earlier I made some comments about sort of about return on tangible assets. We typically are in the top quartile of our peer groups and we’re not right. And so I see a fair amount of opportunity in trying to, now that we’re under all the new rules and under all the new processes trying to figure out how to do them more efficiently and to optimize the spending that we've had in this big period of investment. And so really what I'm thinking about is making sure that we can take that return on tangible assets and move it back into sort of number the top three positions amongst our peers. And I think we see ways to do that, and so that's about focusing our operations. I think over the course of the next couple of submissions two things will happen. One, we will get to a much more normalized payout ratio, because you will gone through the test and you will have a lot of evidence that suggests that not only on your models but under the national models, people have a good sense of what your profile is. Down that road, I mean the way you would end up releasing capital from where you are today is probably you would have to show that you're having lower and lower risk profile under stress and that may happen. But that's really not a topic that I think is out there today.
