René F. Jones: Yes, very typical, very typical. I mean, as I kind of look back over the last -- I don't know, I just glanced at the last 6, 7 quarters. The numbers are between $7 million and $9 million. So this quarter was $9 million. The aberration was just last quarter was up 13 from that.
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean, the one thing that we see that's on our minds, and we've kind of made some stake in the ground, I guess, on it. But if you go way back before the crisis and before the new structure and the higher requirements, including -- and then including the put back fees and those types of things. People were happy getting gain on sales between 80 and 100 basis points, and the big issue for us is that the business cannot support those lower levels of gain on sale. So you kind of have to hit a floor and pick that target. The big question will be is whether the rest of the industry actually adheres to that. But as you know, we tend to focus on profitability. And at least for the last 30 years or so, we've been able to avoid chasing all that stuff. So I think that's the big question that's out there for me is are people are going to behave rationally. We've had gain on sale margins come down somewhere around to about 200 basis points now. And I'm not sure that they can go all that much lower and have it make a lot of sense to be in that -- to do a lot of volume in that business, but that's the big change that we're grappling with, and so far, it seems to be holding up fine around those levels.
René F. Jones: Outside the mid-Atlantic. Yes, I mean, there's levels of pricing pressures across the board, and I -- outside the mid-Atlantic because, there, it's just -- it's significantly different. And you can kind of see that in my comments around the volume, which are declining, because in the mid-Atlantic, just as a background, I mean, there's a point at which we're not really hitting our risk return levels, and we just can't use the balance sheet for that purpose. So for some time, it was the life companies. I think I've talked about that for a while, but now, you've seen the banks join in -- several banks join in on that. But if you look at the other areas, each of them is a little bit different. And if I think of like, I work my way up, I work my way north on the map, you got -- in Pennsylvania, in the sort of central Pennsylvania, maybe Harrisburg area, we talked to our customers. Their expectations for the loan growth is relatively soft. They're not -- they're really hesitant to do anything on the CapEx front. They also have a lot of -- how should I say it, low confidence in sort of the economic recovery. So they're not doing a lot of hiring, and so what that results in is there's just not a lot of activity, but there's a lot of folks actually going after the transactions. So what we're seeing in that particular market is a willingness to -- for people to take on -- what's probably more important than the pricing pressure there is the willingness to take on the whole credit or larger chunks of credit by smaller institutions, and so that affects loan growth. So as you know, I mean, if you have a granular portfolio, you're going to be less lumpy. If it goes the other way, you're going to have more risks. If you look at smack in central Pennsylvania, there's been actually a little bit of a rebound from the Marcellus shale. But again, not enough to drive what we're seeing around pricing and structure in that case. But then as you flip your way up to most of upstate New York, and our definition of upstate New York, we have 5 communities, all 5 communities have loan growth. I would say by historical measures, pricing has got a slight downward trend, but volumes have held up fairly well, and I can't tell you exactly what that is. There's a manufacturing base up here, and people seem to be a little bit more willing to make investments. And I think your competition is different. Because of the number of banks, you actually choose not to bank up here. So that's the landscape. I mean, I would say that over the last 3 quarters, the pricing issue in any one quarter wasn't all that noticeably more, but now it feels like it's gotten pretty heavy. So hopefully that helps.
René F. Jones: Well, on servicing, those are -- I mean, those are tightly managed around the level of the servicing portfolio. And so we have about an $81 billion servicing portfolio until we're properly staffed for it. If that were to run down over time, you wouldn't need as many staffing, but it depends on sort of what comes on the opportunity side there. That's pretty steady.
René F. Jones: Well, Matt, I can only comment about -- I comment about all of the stuff because I think what we've decided is that -- and we decided this some time ago, that it doesn't make sense to take a long time to make all these investments. The regulatory environment is changing. The operating environment is changing as well. So we figured we would accelerate those changes and try to get a bulk of work done. We saw this before -- we've seen this before. We sought after each of our areas of expansion in the early '90s, and then, again, after the all first period. And now we're seeing it again after we've gone through several acquisitions in about a 5-year period of growth. What's different this time is we're just deciding to look at the whole thing together. So I think that makes the expense naturally higher. With respect to BSA, at some point, there is a natural level of staffing that's going to make us -- how do I say this, have a state-of-the-art program and -- but that will level out, but it will take some time for each of those things to happen. That's why I said, over the next several quarters, we think it's going to be relatively elevated so -- and then from there, each piece is different. So CCAR is different. BSA is different. Overall risk management structure, a different animal as well. So as the expenses come down, that will -- it won't all happen at once.
René F. Jones: That's a great question. I don't know. So you end up with an issue, a weakness in your program, but then the reality is that it's not likely just go fix your weakness. You actually have to -- you have to think about it in a way of building the state-of-the-art, best-in-the-industry practices, in part because the -- of all trillions of dollars of illicit activity that ends up going through the banking system, those folks are ramping up their efforts to try to figure out new ways to get around you. So at the end of the day, we're revamping our whole process and that takes a fair amount of time. The real question becomes when do you get enough of it done so that you actually have confidence in your own process so that your board has confidence in it as well as the regulators having confidence in it, and there's no answer to that question. You just work hard and you figure out how to keep on course for making sure you have a high-quality product as opposed to trying to get it done too quickly.
René F. Jones: First, I'd say -- first thing I'll say is we haven't spent any time thinking about Hudson City lately. We've been really focused on the things that I've just talked about. But I mean, if you look at any transaction, we've got a pretty strong track record of how long it takes to do something like that. Wilmington Trust took a lot longer because it was a different animal. And if you're putting together a thrip sort of regardless of size, you would be -- it would be very short order. And what you'd have to do is kind of go back and talk to a few folks about what's pretty well-documented about what we've done in the past, but today, we're not -- this is not what we're focused on. We've got -- our eyes are all focused on the regulatory matters at hand.
René F. Jones: Okay, that's a great question. So I think it's 2 things, 2 things. First of all, because of the earlier question and the fact that we're trying to do -- we're trying to get a lot done relatively quickly, we're using a lot of outside services. So I mean, that and you can pick your time horizon for how long you're off and running on your own. So quite frankly, a lot of the requirements under CCAR and those things are that you actually -- you're not really in a solid position unless you are doing all that stuff on your own. To us, that's a shorter time frame. I don't think we're going to see much of a reduction in the next couple of quarters, but you can see where you'd see some benefits and not necessarily having all that outside services helping you as you stabilize your processes. But the flip side is, as you think about it, and we think about the total expense base, if you look back to times when we had decline in mortgage volume, we tend to focus very heavily on rightsizing and rationalizing the mortgage business. But in the way M&T works, you actually tend to look at the entire bank. And what is logical that will need to happen over some time, we're still scoping it all out, is that while we're spending a lot more on regulatory compliance and the control structure is that we're going to have to begin to rationalize the expenses in other areas, right? So in terms of is $648 million our forever run rate? No, not at all, nor is 56% or 58% efficiency ratio. That doesn't make sense much to us. But we've been at this in attacking it so directly, that we haven't spent much time rationalizing. We've just been spending time building, right? So there will come a time -- not that far away, where we will be able to begin to think about where we can manage the expenses a little bit better. $648 million is not a run rate.
René F. Jones: Yes, again, accretable -- let me just tell you, the total interest income on the $4.7 billion of acquired loans that we have was $71 million, I think. The last quarter, it was $77 million. Looked at another way, we had 15 basis points of lift in our yield last quarter from the acquired portfolio. We have 14 basis points this quarter, right? So you can kind of see that, that's embedded into the 3 basis points of margin for us that we've been talking about, and that 14 basis points of lift that we have will go away as those loans pay down.
René F. Jones: Well, yes, that's what we're doing. That's exactly what we're doing, right? I mean, we're focused on the pool bank first, and we're going to get that done, and we're going to do it right. And then from there, we'll see what we do with the expansion plans, right? I think that's the most effective way to approach it.
René F. Jones: I mean, I think same answer. For several quarters, our expenses and therefore, our efficiency ratio is going to be elevated. The thing I would say, Erika, is it's not necessarily and probably not likely a rightsizing of regulatory expenses. It's the rightsizing of everything else because the regulatory environment is not like a couple of weeks. It's a total change in the industry, and you've got to have a different infrastructure. So most of our savings are going to come from other areas, and we'll probably have increased spending on -- even from where we are on compliance and infrastructure around risk.
René F. Jones: The way I would say it is, as always, we're profitable enough to be patient. So we are not done with our liquid asset buffer. We did a lot -- as you saw, we did a lot of work when rates popped up, and we were able to get the government-backed securities at the rates of about 3.25%. Those yields have backed off, but our plan is to keep doing that, and particularly, if there's any increase in rates, we'd probably dive in and do more of that. But once we're at a steady state in terms of, for example, our liquidity coverage ratio, then I think the answer really is, is we're only going to do loans if they make profitable sense because we don't really want to weaken our balance sheet, and our history around securities is the same thing. So it will be quite interesting because, really, what you're seeing on the cash balances is that consumers and businesses are just uncomfortable spending. So it's all the same issue. But what tends to happen at M&T is we end up with fairly slow revenue growth, but a decent return and a healthy balance sheet. That is becoming more and more of a concern to me when I look what's the stories I'm getting out of the field and the different regions around pricing and structure.
René F. Jones: Yes. I think that's kind of what I was trying to say in my comments. If you take away the swing in the prepayment fees, we would have had profit growth of $7 million, $8 million, linked quarter, and that's because of all the additional investment securities mostly. So I think that's right. That's what you'll see. You got some momentum going into the quarter. And then from a margin perspective, those are costing us a bit, right? In terms of a net interest margin percentage, they're coming down, it's coming down a bit, other than the fact that we're using cash. So it depends what happens to those cash balances again. But the way we look at it is that actually puts some slight margin pressure on you, but I still think, as I look at it, we probably have growth [indiscernible].
René F. Jones: No, not material -- so yes, you're right, those expenses were there at the outset of the quarter. They were there around July 1.
René F. Jones: We -- what I would categorize it as, Ken, is we did most of what the repositioning of things that were on our balance sheet. What we have left to do is maybe some issuance of unsecured debt and maybe some more purchases of liquid securities to invest that in. Maybe in the near term, we're on a program to do that.
René F. Jones: That's exactly what we're talking about right now. I mean, one of the things that we found when we kicked this off was that the appetite for yield was so high that it made the transaction work. But having said that, at least, in my history, it's an indirect auto loan, you can't get a return on your book. It's hard to get a return by selling it to somebody else. So we're thinking about that. And we'll probably be in much more of a flow-oriented program, because a lot of times, the appetite for that product is a little bit different than our own appetite just because we have different cost of capital or different return requirements. So more, but we haven't got there yet, but we're thinking about that.
René F. Jones: I mean, we're just building an infrastructure. So I don't know we would do enough volume to be doing it anyway near it. I mean, once in a great while, at this point, I think, is probably the answer. The other thing is, if you're going to do that, Bob, you would see it right away because we would have to originate those for sale, right? So unless you see it's actually reclassifying those loans as we book them on, we're not there yet to be able to do something like that.
René F. Jones: It depends on the topic. We've made a lot of progress on, I believe, our capital planning. I don't know enough to suggest that we're done, but we've made a lot of progress there. We have more hiring to do on the BSA/AML, and as we talked to the folks, the plan is to continue to hire there. But I think we also are beginning our efforts on the other areas, you know what I mean? So my sense is that -- I don't have it in front of me. If I could give you -- Bob will probably put it in his annual report. But if I could give you a regulatory number, that number is probably going to go up, but I don't think our overall expenses will be going up.
René F. Jones: It's a tough question. Let me tell you why. Once I say it, it will sound obvious. But day one, when you decide to make your investment, it's heavily loaded with outside people. So and then at times, at the end, when you're at your steady state, there's none. So I mean, if you're at -- say, probably, we got a high percentage of people and you're seeing us replace, as those outside people go away, you're seeing us replace with core infrastructure. The CCAR we're probably be further along. So that's a tough one. And then actually, most of this management stuff is actually -- we hired Don Truslow. He's hiring permanent staff, so that's all permanent. If you want to look at it, if you want to look at what could be more variable, look at the professional service line, look at the ramp up of professional services. Don't just look over the last year. Look at it over 8 or 9 quarters, and you'll see in that professional services line what -- where you have expenses that could move.
René F. Jones: Well, no. I think the way I look at those -- each of those transactions, maybe with the exception of the Visa, were net cost to me. So the indirect auto loans were lower returns, but they were above our cost of capital. And so that was just the least cost way to get the liquidity profile, but they're all net cost. So to the extent that I don't have to do any more of those, I'd be very, very happy. So -- and I think as we kind of look at our projection where we will be, as I said, the only thing we really have left on the balance sheet is maybe more liquid. And fortunately, we have a fair amount of cash to be able to do that today. So yes, I wouldn't expect to see a lot of those types of gains and sale-type activities.
René F. Jones: Well, related to high quality credit book, I mean, the long answer is we look at everything, but -- including the expenses. But no, I mean, that was very high quality. That's a book we originally underwrote at the time before we thought about the liquidity efforts we were going to keep those loans and so...
René F. Jones: So I mean, that will be a big number, and then there was just a lot of little individual things, nothing that will really -- no one big item that I can really tell you about.
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean, give me one second -- I mean, I'm just writing your question down -- the first part, I would go at it in 2 ways. I mean, as I said before, particularly on technology front and other areas like that, we were at a stage where we needed to make a fair bit of investment. So well, we hired Mahesh from one of our counterparts -- I don't know, it's almost 2 years ago now, right? And we've hired a number of other people because we realized that we needed to build the infrastructure from a larger bank. We had done 3, 4 or 5 acquisitions, right, recently. So that was what on our mind, the speed of it is clearly the fact that we are about $50 billion and growing. And the expectation is not only that you've got to be top notch in terms of risk management and controls because we've always been top-notch in terms of controls, but you can't do it right now. So if you take those 2 things combined, I think we're probably headed there anyway, but it's been accelerated a bit. The second part of your question, as to whether we can do anything better, the way I would characterize it is that M&T -- so we've had a great track record around control, and part of that is because we're so detail oriented. We focus a lot on people. We like to look under the covers of everything. When we close the books on a monthly basis, if moving expense went up, the question we ask is who moved. So we're very, very detailed. What we're trying to do as we get larger is to sort of overlay an addition sort of processes that let us see across the bank as the bank gets bigger, right? So I think it's probably a very positive thing. I think, does it justify all the cost we're spending? I don't know how you could possibly do that, but will there be some benefit? Yes, sure. Sure, there will be some benefit, especially when it comes to the risk management environment that Truslow is creating. I mean, I'm really looking forward to that. I mean, that's very, very necessary, given the larger size of the bank.
René F. Jones: Yes. And then the other thing you realize is that as you -- in that size, whatever size we are, as a regional bank, I mean, it's not like -- I mean, take BSA/AML, it's not like we're going to have a state-of-the-art system that nobody else is going to have. I mean, this is probably the new requirement across the industry just to be in the game. So we figured we better get that done quickly. I hate to be behind in that respect.
René F. Jones: No, we haven't had any change whatsoever in our thinking. I don't know. We think it's just prudent to -- at this stage of the game to have more capital, and we've talked about whether it's now or down the road, as other opportunities come up. We think it's just a prudent position to have today. So I've been really pleased that we've sort of gotten ourselves back to the pack, and have a much, much stronger capital level. But we don't see any reason to change the course that we're on now of adding capital.
René F. Jones: That's exactly right. That's exactly right. So you're thinking about how to do that, and a lot of people early in the process assume that, well, M&T's going to have to have a lot more capital so the return's going to go down. Our job is to manage both sides of that equation, right, and we're trying to rationalize it. As we have more capital, certain things have made sense before don't make any sense anymore. And so far, we're doing a pretty good job at it. We're going to keep working on that trade-off.
