Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Emma, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. Those materials are all available on our Investor Relations webpage, and we encourage participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made, and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them.  Now, I'll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Donald MacLeod: One point of clarification I’d add is on the outlook for the hedge benefit next year that assumes the short-term rates whether the fed funds target or LIBOR or so forth, do not start to ramp up rapidly.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138. Thank you, and goodbye.
Darren King: Sure thing. Well, I started writing your questions down, so now I won't miss them. So on the swap book, the swap book has been fairly steady in terms of notional amount right around $19 billion, and it's been that way since the fourth quarter of last year. The received fixed yield we're getting on that has been declining as new hedges roll on and older hedges at higher rates roll off. And this quarter has added round number $65 million to net income and impacted the margin by slightly less than 20 basis points. We'll see the notional amount come down next quarter and will start to come down over the course of the following 4 quarters into the end of 2022. The received fixed coupon will come down a little bit as well. But the bigger impact will be just the decline in the size of the outstanding notional.  And the impact of swaps and the hedging, just to remind everyone, for full year 2021 is really close to what it was in 2022. And in 2022, the impact will be about half. And it will be highest in the first quarter of 2022 and lowest in the second quarter -- or in the fourth quarter, sorry, of 2022.  But to go along with that and to then answer or address your second question about cash, we've talked a lot about the cash position over the course of the year. If you look at the uptick in the latest quarter, it has been largely actually trust demand deposit growth in the quarter that drove a lot of the increase. However, we are seeing some of the PPP balances as they decline, end up in cash. And so what you saw this quarter, I think if you look at the securities balances at the end of the quarter as they were actually up by about $300 million. So we replaced runoff plus $300 million. We've been in generally replacing the mortgage-backed securities that are running off. And we're kind of targeting a duration there or thinking about 20-year MBS on average, sometimes we're buying 20. Sometimes we're manufacturing 20s by a mix of 15-year and 30 years. And we were in a little bit, although not in a big way in some of the 5-year spaces as rates have moved around. That was more back-end loaded this quarter as rates have started to move up.  And then the other thing, which I mentioned in the prepared remarks, where we're starting to retain some retail mortgage production. And so as we think about duration and we think about what's -- what is in our eyes the best choice or maybe the least bad choice of how to invest the dollars right now. We do like the mortgage base, and if we have a choice between the MBS or retaining our own production, we like the yield better on our own production. And so we retained about $400 million of production that started through this quarter but had the biggest impact in September. And we'll continue that practice through the fourth quarter and into the early part of next year. Obviously, we'll be paying close attention to where rates are and how we feel about holding duration either in the mortgage line or in the securities line but that's something that we'll be watching to put that cash to work.  And I guess as we look forward at that plan and how it all unfolds taking into account PPP and the hedges that are rolling off, we see net interest income kind of troughing first quarter and not declining from there or, in fact, increasing depending on what you see is the forecast for rate as the year goes on. And so when I look at the storm we've weathered and the patience we've exhibited on putting that cash back to work, I see us turning the corner in the next couple of quarters.
Darren King: The total -- all right, so I got to write these down, Gerard. So other industries, what's going on and then the floor plan. So floor plan balances are roughly, call it, $1.5 billion. And if you look at where those have been -- and what's interesting, Gerard is when you look at floor plan balances, really it’s much about line utilization and the commitment you have with those floor plan dealers. And line utilizations are running around 25% which this is a part of the year when those are typically lowest, but never that low. And when you think about where they are on average in normal times, they're about 70%. And so, when I look at where those floor plan balances are, compared to what I would consider normal, it’s probably $2 billion to $3 billion lower than what might normally be the case.  When you look outside of the PPP loans, you're seeing some movement up in C&I business, in the areas that you might expect in some construction and manufacturing, interestingly a little bit in resources in ag and less in some of the other areas. When I look at new originations and what the trends are in new C&I originations, they've ticked up every quarter this year. It would be nice for all of us if they were screaming up but that's just not the case. But they are consistently going up and this quarter's C&I originations were the highest in the last seven quarters with [Technical Difficulty]  You're well aware that fourth quarter tend to have a little bit of seasonality as folks in industry, both in C&I and in commercial real estate look to get deals done before tax years and so holding the fourth quarter to the side, it was a another constructive quarter of improvement and it's slow and steady moving up in a direction that we like, and the margins are holding fairly solid as well. So, this is encouraging trends. We've obviously welcomed a little bit faster, but the trend is our friend here.
Darren King: Okay. Perfect. It's going to be right around there. It's probably within 10 basis points or 20 basis points of 11.1. And the reason why I'm not have given you an exact number is when we do the final marks, where interest rates are, we'll have a big impact on the interest rate marks, which was one of the pieces of helping us to be capital accretive. And the other thing, obviously, is the credit marks and with the credit improving, that lowers the amount of loans that are classified as purchased credit deteriorated and increases the non-PCD loans, which increases the depth of A2 payments double count. And so that will perhaps bring down the impact on capital or reduce capital at close. But as you recall, that will just increase the accretion to EPS as we go forward. So we should be right around that 11 spot. Just north of that would be my belief based on what I see today.
Darren King: Yes. Well, I think it's fair to say that harboring capital has never been a characteristic of M&T. And as we mentioned, at 11.1, we're near an all-time high. And so we'll be looking to bring that down. Ideally, we'll bring it down because we'll have asset growth and we'll see the CET1 ratio come down as we continue to build the balance sheet and support our customers, both for existing M&T and the new People's customers. But based on the trends, that will probably be slow. And so we'll look to bring that ratio down. When you're generating 30 basis points to 40 basis points of capital every quarter, obviously, you've got to be fairly bold in your buybacks to bring that down. And to run at a pace where it comes down much faster than net 20 basis points to 30 basis points a quarter would be pretty tough. And so that will be, I think, a reasonable glide path to use as you think about what the rate of decrease might be. And is a place to look, if you go back to how CET1 came down post Hudson City and that path, that rate of decrease, it was probably a reasonable guide of how it might unfold post completion of the People's merger.
Darren King: Yes. I'm happy to talk about that. I think the future plans for M&T as CRE have been highly dramatized in the last little while, notably by a favorite reporter in New York City. If you look at the impact of CRE in the stress test, in the December 2020 stress test, it suggested that there might be more capital friendly ways to participate in the CRE industry. And so when we look at the relationships we have with clients and how we approach the market, our job is to be advisors and financial intermediaries for those customers. And historically, we've fulfilled that role by holding the loans on our balance sheet. And we will still do that in the future, but we'll think more broadly and include other sources of capital and act as an intermediary on behalf of those clients. As we shift to that kind of a thought process, it will be a very gradual and controlled shift. And so as you think about CRE balances and how they might change over time, there's some natural decrease that was going to happen no matter what, and that comes in the form of construction portfolio, right? And so there's a number of projects that are ongoing. And if you look at CRE balances over the years, they've been relatively flat, and that's some of those construction projects going through their natural cycle with those lines drawing that are building those balances. But as those projects come to their natural conclusion and turn into permanent mortgages, you'll start to see those balances come off our balance sheet, and you'll see a natural decline in CRE, not unlike what we saw in the 2017-2018 timeframe. It was a similar period.  And then as we look at new originations, we'll still think about obviously supporting our clients from a construction perspective. But as we look at permanent mortgages and other forms of real estate lending, we'll look not just on our balance sheet but outside. And if you think about in real estate, we use our M&T Realty Capital Corp for agency loans with Fannie and Freddie. And we'll continue to do that and we also use and place some loans with insurance companies. And so we'll look to broaden those into non-agency types of relationships as well. But it's going to take some time. And so I guess, the long story short here is the path we're on is to be able to actually provide a broader level of service and access for our clients to be capital efficient, and we'll see some of those net interest income dollars become fee income dollars as we make that transition. And the decrease that you will see in balances will be gradual as we kind of work our way from where we sit today through the next few years. We don't necessarily have a hard target of what we're trying to get to, but we're just trying to get to be a little bit better balanced that we might have been coming into the crisis.
Darren King: Yes. I guess, I think the pressures we see on wages, both at the bank, and our customers are not much different than seen around the country. And the number of folks exiting the workforce is really putting a strain on those that are looking for folks who are still in the job market. And we're seeing folks are people being coveted by others, which isn't necessarily new, but it seems to be exacerbated right now. I think it's particularly acute in the IT space, which, again, was always a place where there's been a lot of competition given what's happening in the world with the prevalence of technology and business. But we're seeing it spread to other parts of the bank as well. When you look at our expense growth that's related to comp, really the regular salaries, what I would describe as regular salaries, have been impacted by it, but the full effect won't be seen until next year because it's been going up throughout the year. And so you won't have a full year run rate until you get to 2022. And in the meantime, what's been driving our increase has been increase in revenue-related or profit-related compensation. So for our corporate pool, we target a percentage of net income, for that pool. And the net income has gone up, so has that accrual. And then for some of our fee businesses, as those fee revenues increase, so do the commissions earned by the employees. I think it's interesting. I spent a bunch of time with the team going through our expenses. And if you actually looked at our expense growth in 2020 over 2019, our expenses actually went down. And against our peer group, we were 1 of 3 banks that actually decreased expenses in 2020. And what we're seeing this year is a little bit more of a return to normal with a little bit of pressure that we talked about from the outside world, which is making the print this year higher than everyone else because -- just because of math. If you look over the course of the last couple of years, our expense growth is pretty much right in line with the peers, it's not a couple of basis points below.  As it relates to PUB, we -- sorry, that's our internal acronym for People’s United Bank, we believe that the expectations for accretion are still in line with what we thought. Obviously, they're subject to the same pressures that everyone else is. But by and large, the cost takeouts are right where we thought they would be. The revenue synergies are what we thought they would be. And from a capital perspective, as we mentioned a few minutes ago, we don't see any change there. And so the rate of return on the deal is still very attractive versus alternative uses of capital. And so no real change there, but it's a challenging operating environment, that's for sure.
Darren King: Well, at the risk of being an over M&T optimist, we believe that those balances will start to come up. But knowing our conservative nature, we don't see a bounce back in those utilization rates back to normal right away, but we do see an increase year-over-year. From what we can see in the industry, we hear from the dealers, what we believe how the manufacturers will be looking and thinking about things, we think it's probably into 2023, early '24 before you're back to the utilization rates that you were at pre-pandemic. And so given that -- and without any better intelligence, I would think about kind of straight lining that over the course of the next couple of years. As we get better information, obviously, we'll share that with you. But just watching how you're seeing manufacturing come back online, we haven't seen signs of a material uptick yet in terms of production, and therefore, we don't think we'll see the inventories bounce as quickly, but we should see some steady improvement over the course of the next 4 to 6 quarters.
Darren King: So I guess on the securities book and on the yield pickup, the yields that we're putting on now are lower than the roll-off yields. And so that's the downside. The upside is, we're putting things on, call it, [150, 160] you can get out of 15 basis points. And so the pickup there is pretty good. When you look at the rate and the pace of us in investing in securities, I think what you saw this quarter is a good indication that we, at a minimum, don't want to decrease the securities portfolio, so we'll work to keep it flat. But realistically, we'll probably think about $200 million, $300 million increase a quarter in addition to replacing the runoff is a good target if that's kind of as we look at it and think about it, that's where our heads are today. Again, I'll remind you that the other part of that thought process is retaining retail production, right? And so we're getting mortgage exposure both in the securities portfolio as well as in the mortgage line on the balance sheet. And so you'll see us deploying that cash and kind of as our treasurer would describe to me lagging into the trade as we go through the coming quarters, doing a bit of dollar cost averaging into that and rather than trying to solve it all at once.
Darren King: Well, it's a bit of a guess just because the timing of when our customers might seek forgiveness is a little bit unknown. But broad strokes, we're thinking it's kind of half the rate of accelerated capture of those origination fees in the fourth quarter versus what it was in the third. Just for perspective, the third quarter was the highest in terms of the dollar volume of those origination fees that we pulled forward. When I look at where we stand from the whole program, we're the better part of 75% of the way through, I mean, we're approaching 80% of the way through. And so there might be another $75 million of those origination fees to come. We think we see the bulk of that, I should say, probably 2/3 of that in the fourth and first quarters and then it falls off from there and trickles down. And so think in the range of $30-odd million in the fourth quarter compared to the 60-ish, we were in those fees this past quarter and then continuing to drop from there.
Darren King: Yes. No, you've got it exactly right, Ken. I mean the down is also a function of the swaps and the hedge portfolio that we had talked about. When we look underneath at the core, I got to be careful when I use the word score because that means different things to different people. But when we look just underneath that the balance sheet and we look at the loans and the deposits and the costs, the yields on the loans, they've been relatively stable for the last, I would say, 4 quarters, and we had a slide that outlined that in the document that we posted earlier this quarter. And so LIBOR has been fairly stable and most of the loans are priced off LIBOR. And so you've seen those yields fairly stable for the last little while, and the deposit costs have been fairly stable for a while. And so when you look at that book, things have been relatively constant. And so those yields, the spread, the margin has been very steady, and the portfolio absence of PPP has been reasonably steady as well.  And so there's a consistent stream of net interest income, more typical M&T low volatility and these other factors that have caused some of that. But those are starting to run their course, right? And so as I mentioned, PPP, we had a very strong quarter. There's a little bit left to go. The hedging is running down, and it's starting to run its course. And the more normal, what I would put in their quotes, M&T balance sheet and lack of volatility will start to show itself. And that's why we think we start to hit a trough in net interest income in the first quarter and start to build back from there, especially as we take some of the acquisitions that we just talked about with rebuilding the securities portfolio and holding some of the mortgage loans on our balance sheet that we start to inflect and go back to the other direction.
Darren King: I would -- I'll be close Ken, but I won't be exact. I think we were within like $350 million to $400 million of Ginnies that went out this quarter. And the gain, I think, was about $9 million. So just kind of round numbers of where we are. There's still a decent balance of Ginnies on the books. And so the rules there were you had to have -- they changed all the time, which is why they're still on our books. The rules where you had to be 6 months of consistent payments before you could repool it. Sometimes that got moved around a little bit point where those should start to repool and come off the balance sheet. You'll see some of that in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. And so again, those will put a little bit of pressure on the overall balances, but we'll show up in fee income and is reflected in our comments about growth over the rest of the year.
Darren King: Yes. Sure, Bill. I guess the short answer is I don't have a great answer for you. And the reason is we're still early in the process. When you look at what we do today, and you see a good analog is what we do in our Realty Capital business, and it produces a steady stream of fee income for us every year and a nice margin, obviously, it's very capital friendly. But the pace at which we switch and build the fee income from the net interest income, it's still nascent in terms of our development. And so if you look at what we're getting in that line of business today, it's probably in the $30 million to $40 million range outside of our Realty Capital Corp. business. And if you look at where some of our competitors are and how big of an impact it has on their fee income, we're bullish that it can be a good source of income, capital-friendly income that will offset what might be a decline in net interest income. And so I guess I would start to look at the fees that you might see at some of our peer banks as a way to start thinking about what it could become. But at this point, I don't have big plans. We don't have big plans for that in terms of hitting the income statement in 2022, and we'll talk more about 2022 when we get there. We're still doing our work. But for now, I think about it as -- If there's a decrease in CRE net interest income, it will be offset by fees as we do gain on sale in that line of business. And then we'll come back to you with a little bit more detail on what that shift might look like as we finalize our plan.
Darren King: Yes. Bill, you're thinking about it exactly the right way. Obviously, the next time -- we're a Category 4 bank. And so as a Category 4 bank, we go through the stress test every other year. And this year that's upcoming, 2022 will be a CCAR year for M&T. And we won't have made these changes to be reflected in that stress test, which means you're at least 2 years away from that. And then what will happen is the impact will work its way through the stress test in a couple of places. So the first place you'll see it obviously is in the risk-weighted assets and the losses that are assumed under stress. But the other place that you see it is you see it in the PPNR, right? And so the PPNR as a percentage of risk-weighted assets should go up, right, which will be more better producing of income and capital to absorb losses under stress. And over time, that will work its way into the stress test as well. And so not much you will see in the 2022 version, we'll start to see it in the 2024 version. But I would really think you'd see it in 2026 is when it would start to come in. But the -- as I said, there's a number of reasons why we're thinking about this not just because of capital efficiency, but we think it actually broadens the level of service we can provide to our customers. And just as a reminder, our current SCB is 2.5%. The implied one from December would have brought it up higher, but that's not our actual SCB. And we'll see where the scenario ends up this year. But if it's like meaning in 2022, but if it's like it was in the stress test just passed, we would not expect to see an SCB at the rate that it was calculated in the December scenario that was run, which was a pretty severe scenario.
Darren King: I guess I wouldn't say it's a foregone conclusion, Bill. The way I think about it is, if you look over time, there's been a stress test for a number of banks every year and for many banks every other year. And each time there's a stress test, there's a different scenario that is -- goes through that process and different asset classes are stressed. And each one of those scenarios leads you to an outcome and gives you more insight into how portfolios perform under different economic scenarios. Sometimes they stress CRE. Sometimes they stress mortgage, sometimes they address credit card. Sometimes they stress in direct out. And so you got to go through a series of these and each of those are data points that help inform your thinking and what we got in December 2020 was a data point. And it's informing our thinking. And it's not telling us that we want to never do another CRE loan as long as we live, but it said to us that there are certain asset classes and certain types of loans and how long they might exist on your balance sheet that carry a different loss assumption and therefore, a different level of capital that you need to support them. And so we'll look at the mix of assets that we have on our balance sheet and be thinking like we always do about how to optimize returns and what's the best use of our shareholders' capital. We'll still have CRE on our balance sheet, but we think that moving down this path has a number of upsides that we described in terms of capital efficiency and balancing out our income streams between net interest income and fees. And most importantly, it gives us another outlet to help support our clients. And so for those reasons, we'll move down this path. I don't think there's any turning back from that thought process. I think the question really is just as we talked about I think, in answering your first question, what's the pace at which we get there. And the market will, to some extent, dictates that pace based on clients and talent. But like anything we do, we'll be thoughtful and measured in how we execute.
Darren King: Okay. I don't think my answer will change on the impact of technologies happened in the first quarter, but I'll start with that one. I guess, if you look at technology, Chris and different conversions and different mergers bring with them different levels of complexity. And so to kind of compare and contrast before People’s, our most recent 2 mergers, Hudson City was probably one of the least complex system integrations we did. I mean we're basically converting mortgages and time deposits. And so when you think about complexity of products, those are about the easiest ones there are. There was no trust business. There really was no commercial business to speak of, no cash management and treasury management. The usage of the web and mobile were pretty light. And so that was a very straightforward, less complex conversion.  If you went all the way to the other end of the spectrum, I would look at Wilmington Trust, right? Now there was a merger where we had traditional bank products, both consumer and commercial, but we also inherited a number of new wealth and trust businesses that we weren't really in, in a big way. And so that one was much more complex in terms of the planning and setup for that. I would characterize the People’s as down the middle and that it certainly looks much more like Wilmington Trust, with a little less emphasis on trust. But we gained some outside businesses in mortgage warehouse lending as well as in some equipment finance that we wouldn't have. And so we'll be looking to maintain those systems and set them up and be able to run them. But the flip side is the core banking system that People's runs on is FIS. And so that's 1 deconversion from FIS onto our platform. That's something we've done before. We've done it a number of times before. And so we know the game plan of how to execute that.  And so when I look at the different things that we need to get done to prepare for that integration, we're progressing along. We know what the path forward is, and we're preparing to do what we need to do to minimize the disruption to customers to make it easy for employees to be able to service those customers and the path is known. And so I would characterize this one down the middle of the 2 ends of the spectrum, not without its challenges, but in the grand scheme of things, of the most complex convert versus system conversion that we've had to execute.
Darren King: Assuming we get approval, I guess, I would just caveat the fourth quarter as if we get approval on December 1 or past, it's probably going to make the first quarter a challenge. And so depending on the timing of the approval, there might be some pushback on when we actually complete the system conversions. And so we'll see where that happens. But it's obviously our objective to complete that system integration and conversion as quickly as practical once we have our approval and we complete the legal close. Because, as I know you're well aware, Chris, we've never been focused to maintain multiple deposit systems and multiple loan systems any longer than we have to because it's just -- it creates risk and it's not cost effective. And so for those reasons, we would look to find an ability and a path to complete the system conversion as quick as practical once we know for certain when our approval is in our legal close.
