Brian Klock: Thank you, Shelby, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website, www.mtb.com.  Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials.  These materials are available on our Investor Relations web page, and we encourage participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made, and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Brian Klock: Shelby, this is Brian. We're going to go for another 10 minutes, and we've got a bunch of analysts in the queue. So maybe we can limit it to just one question for the analysts that are still there.
Brian Klock: And thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and have a great day.
Darren King: Sure, Ebrahim. The deposit betas are largely moving consistent with how we thought they would. When we think about the cumulative through-the-cycle beta, we really haven't changed our thought process there. What happens is kind of from quarter-to-quarter, you might see the pace at which we get from where we are today to that terminal cumulative beta shifts a little bit, depending on the competition. And obviously, the first quarter, there was a lot of disruption going on in the market.  But generally, the most elastic deposits are the commercial and the wealth deposits. And when we look underneath the hood there, we see that the betas of the commercial deposits are in kind of the mid-60s to low 70s and that will be higher in commercial. If we add in small business, that comes down a little bit because those deposits tend to be a little bit less price sensitive. And then when you get in the consumer space, you're in kind of the mid-teens deposit beta so far. And with that number, that includes the impact of time deposits. if we didn't include the impact of time deposits on those consumer deposit betas, they'd be pretty low. But we tend to include the time when we think about the beta because we see time for consumers as a substitute product in rising rates for money market savings and savings accounts.  And so, we try to think about the all-in funding cost, which includes time deposits, which is why we include those. And so, when we look at the quarter, and we look at the decline. For me, a couple of things kind of jump out. First is that the decline in deposits this first quarter versus last year's first quarter are almost identical. And so, given that last year was kind of a more normal year and this year had a lot of activity going on for those numbers to be about the same when you look at as at, that gave us a lot of -- we felt really good about that. And the other thing is just a little bit about -- there's a normal seasonal decline that happens in the first quarter as commercial customers tend to make their distributions to principles to pay taxes. But underneath the surface, it's important to keep in mind that there are a couple of things that affected deposit flows for us this quarter. One was trust demand balances were down about $1.2 billion, right? So about 20% of those balances were trust demand balances which move with economic activity and another $700 million odd was escrow.  And with mortgage rates moving, there's less activity and so a little bit less action in the escrow accounts. And so outside of that, I see it as very typical seasonal decline in commercial balances, offset by folks moving - commercial folks in particular, moving some of their balances into on-balance sheet sweep or interest-bearing. So, we kind of look at those two categories together as one. And when rates go down, we see deposits flow into noninterest-bearing. And when rates go up, there's a different mix of interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing, but nothing that we're seeing that's outside of our history, our expectations. So hopefully, that I said a lot, gives you a little color.
Darren King: Sure. Office, obviously, is getting a lot of attention in the world, and we've been focused on it for quite some time. When we go through it and we look at what we think the loss content is, it's a little bit tricky to estimate right now only because there hasn't been a lot of asset sales. I think in talking to our team prior to the call, they suggested that there were four properties that sold nationwide outside of Manhattan and three in Manhattan in the first quarter. So that's not a lot of activity to get a market price. So, everything that's happening is everyone's looking at cash flows and NOIs. And so, when you think about the cash flows, as we think about our clients. It's - one of the things that's really important to keep in mind is about two-third of our clients in real estate in general have put on fixed -- floating to fix swaps on their loans. And so, the impact of the interest rate increases hasn't really affected their ability to carry the loan. And then we start looking at what's coming due.  And so, you worry about maturities and the ability to -- for folks to refi and the pace at which those loans might come due. And so, when I look forward, when we look forward into the next couple of quarters, in aggregate, we have about $200 million of office maturing each quarter for the next two. And then it actually drops down in the fourth quarter. And when we look at the LTVs of what's maturing, we're in the neighborhood of 80% of those maturing loans have an LTV of 60% or less. And again, it's important to keep in mind that not all of those LTVs are calculated off of brand-new appraisals. Some of them are -- will be a little bit dated, but when you look at some of the protections in place, there's a bunch of room there.  So that's not to suggest that there will be no losses. As you could see in our results for the quarter, we did take some partial charge-offs on a couple of office properties as we did get new appraisals on things that were troubled. But there is still room there. And I think for us, we keep looking at what's the pace at which the loans are maturing. And I think what you'll see, certainly for M&T and I would expect, although I don't know other people's portfolios, that the office story is one that will play itself out over multiple quarters, if not multiple years because of the maturities, because of the fact that most people will hedge if they got a floating rate note.  And a lot of the leases are still not maturing because office leases tend to be longer dated than residential. When we look at our office leases, the number, something in the neighborhood of 75% don't come due until after 2024. So, lots -- I guess, the long-winded way of saying it's a concern, we're watching it. It's -- our portfolio is pretty broadly spread across our footprint. And it will play itself out over the next several quarters.
Darren King: Sure. I guess I would just caution on drawing cause and effect that the numbers are the numbers, but whether the decline that happened in March was specifically attributable to the SCV or Signature challenges is difficult to say just because there's normal activity that happens in the first quarter, right? As we mentioned, the trust demand balances move based on capital markets, not in activity, not necessarily because of an exogenous event.  But roughly, when you look at the decline in total deposits over the quarter was about 60% happen before March and 40% happened in March. So, a little bit heavier March, but as you get into that March time frame, that's when we got our distribution from Bayview, which is when distributions often get paid right in front of taxes, for commercial clients. And so, when we look at the effect on the bank of the changes that happen, what we tended to see was we opened up more accounts in our business and middle market space than we would typically in a month. And we saw balances come on to our balance sheet as people sought to diversify. And there were some cases where that went the other way. But net-net, we were flat to slightly up from what our expectations were, given all the activity that was happening in the marketplace.  So, from our perspective, we were in line with what we thought for the quarter and pleased with how the client base and our teams reacted to everything that was going on in the world in the month of March.
Darren King: I'll start with. I don't have the spot deposit rates in front of me, and we can follow up with that. But in terms of the stability of deposits, again, keep in mind that it's the action that we're seeing right now is really in noninterest-bearing, and that's really being driven by commercial deposits. When we look at consumer balances outside of some outflow in January and when I say that, I mean noninterest-bearing, they've been relatively stable through February and March.  And when you look in the consumer space, what you're seeing is a shift between interest-bearing categories. And so, we're seeing movement from savings and money market into time. which is pretty typical during rising rates? And the net is some small up flow in DDA, which again is pretty standard in the first quarter of the year. In the commercial space, outside of the normal seasonal activity, what will happen is deposits, noninterest-bearing deposits will start to stabilize as customers get down to the level of deposits they need to keep in their operational accounts to make payroll, to pay accounts payable and the like and excess will not necessarily leave the balance sheet. It will just shift into some form of interest-bearing. It could be interest checking or it could be an on-balance sheet sweep.  And so there will be some decline, and there always is for M&T in these environments. When we look through the past, we see that when rates have gone down to zero, we tend to have an increase of about four or five percentage points in the percentage of our deposit base that sits in noninterest-bearing. As rates rise, that goes back the other direction. And that's just exactly what we're seeing now and what's happening. And so over time, if you go -- went all the way back into pre-global financial crisis for banks, not just for M&T but for the industry, noninterest-bearing deposits were in the kind of 20% range of total deposits. And they peaked at 45% for us and about 30% for the industry. And so, depending -- and that was the last time Fed funds was anywhere near the rates that they are today. On the flip side, time deposits were a huge percentage of total deposits in the industry in that time period, upwards of 25% or 30% and they've come all the way down into the 5% to 10% range. I give you that as context to say that what's going to happen, what we think will happen is you'll continue to see some outflow of deposits but it will stabilize as rates start to stop increasing. And what you'll see is less movement out and more movement across categories. And again, for consumers, we think that will be from interest products like money market and savings into time. And for commercial customers, it will be from noninterest-bearing DDA into interest-bearing things like sweep and commercial checking.  And so, for us, for the rest of the year, we think things start to stabilize as we get into the second quarter and second half and the build back in commercial checking balances will start in anticipation of next year's first quarter. It's a cycle that it follows itself very predictably every year.
Darren King: Yes. So, John, keep in mind that, that 10% to 12% includes four quarters of People this year in the averages versus three quarters last year, right? So, some of that is in there. I think we noted in the outlook that if you look based on the average balances in just the fourth quarter of last year, we're more in the 1% to 3% range.  And if you look at that, a lot of that's happened already in the first quarter. And based on where the first quarter loan balances ended, just the averaging effect of that should carry a little bit of growth through the second quarter. And then we expect things to kind of flatten out a little bit as we go through the back half of the year. And that's how you -- that's just the math that gets the average into that range. And really, the -- I think the challenge that you're seeing is pipelines have been robust, but they're starting to slow down a little bit, and we're managing them to focus our liquidity on our best customers and our relationship customers. And then in some instances, in some of the consumer space as it is indirect and recfi [ph] with rates going up, you're seeing a little less demand from the clients and therefore, a little bit of a slowdown that will keep balances flat to slightly down in that space just as the duration of that portfolio is pretty short. And so, you need to continue to originate new to keep it flat or to grow it. Within the commercial world, there's not a lot of activity that's really happening in CRE. There's not a lot of new construction. And so, what we would expect is you see for us and for the industry, as loans mature capital and liquidity is devoted to those clients and keeping them around. And then in the C&I space, we've seen a fairly broad-based growth, whether it's by geography or by industry type.  We did note that the dealer floor plan balances have grown. They're still maybe half of their long-term average, which is better than they were but there's some upside there. And obviously, you get a slowdown in indirect, you likely see an uptick in the dealer floor plan balances. But those are kind of the spaces where we're seeing activity and how we expect the rest of the year to play itself out.
Darren King: Okay. A lot in there. Let me try and make sure I get it all. So, the office criticized is still right around 20%. It's up slightly, but not up dramatically. And the hotel criticized continues to come down. So, it's important to keep that in mind because as we talk about the CRE increase that you're asking about, there's an offset within the whole CRE allowance, right? We've seen some improvement in hotel and retail, offset by some decline in office.  But we did add to the allowance in the quarter. If you think about dollar amount, it's probably half to two-third of the $50 million provision was allocated towards the net towards the CRE portfolio. The rest would be driven by growth in other portfolios. When you look at the LTVs, what we've seen in the ones that we have updated so far is we're seeing somewhere between a 15% and 20% decline in some of the updated values of the properties that we've reappraised. And so that's why you didn't hear me talk much about 80% or 70% LTVs because those ones are getting closer perhaps to where these properties might reappraise, but 60% LTVs and sub-50% LTVs would seem to still have a lot of cushion before you're into any material loss content.  And so, when we look at that we feel good about where we are. It doesn't mean that we're taking our eye off the ball, but we feel good about where we are. And again, just to give a little more color on New York City office next quarter, this quarter we're in right now, there's five loans that are maturing with a principal balance of $30 million.
Darren King: Yes. I think that is zero a strong statement. When we look through the quarter and what we see with the pace of risk-weighted asset growth, we see the potential actually for kind of a trifecta and that we should see a little bit of risk-weighted asset growth. As rates are rising and liquidity is constrained we think that we'll start to see some increased margin and profitability of new lending activity, which usually happens at this point in the cycle. So, we'll deploy capital to those opportunities first.  We will -- and we do anticipate closing the sale of the CIT business in this quarter, which will create a gain, which will help with our capital ratios, which should allow us to be in the market and repurchase some shares. And at the same time, maintain this kind of capital level that gives us a really nice cushion given the uncertainty in the market and while we wait for the SCB. Now from our perspective, if we run a little light for a quarter, it doesn't mean that the capital is gone. It just means it comes back a little bit later in the year. But we think we're in a position here which is nice where we can actually do all three. We can go risk-weighted assets. We can return capital and we can grow the capital ratios all at the same time.
Darren King: The marks on these, yes. So, when you look at where some of these are reappraising, they are coming -- the appraisals are coming down and affecting the LTV. When we would only put it into the allowance, if we have something that is criticized or not performing and we're worried about it, and we think that it would affect the recoverable value, and then we take that in, and we'll put that through the allowance ultimately through charge-offs.
Darren King: Sure. So, I guess a couple of thoughts, Bill, on the OCI base, when we've had that in mind for the last three years. And all the discussions that we've had over the prior number of years about putting the cash to work and the impact that, that might have in the securities portfolio on AOCI and our capital.  We were looking at both the CET1 ratio as well as the tangible common equity ratio. And it was really the latter one that got us -- gave us a little bit of agita in debating how fast and how much to put into securities. And so, from an OCI perspective, if that comes to pass and that goes into our capital ratios. At the end of the quarter, we had about $1.3 billion in total marks across the AFS and HTM portfolios. About $350 million was pretax the AFS mark. And so, $264 million after tax, it's maybe 20 basis points of CET1. And then if you look at the total, you're maybe slightly below that, call it, 80-ish basis points of CET1, if you had to put both through. And so, when we talk a little bit about our thoughts on capital and where we're kind of managing the CET1 ratio for the next little while, it's giving ourselves some cushion as these things play themselves out. And so, from that perspective, it won't surprise me if that's a change that happens, but I think we're well covered and well prepared should that play itself out. When it comes to TLAC, that's really a longer-term change. I think when you look at what's happening in the industry right now. Most organizations have been increasing their use of wholesale funding and bank notes which ultimately will help with TLAC as it plays itself out. And then there's always the question of how Basel IV and those regulations come to pass and what the final proposals look like. And so, we're trying to be mindful that those are changes that could come and not do something today that would put us in a place where we would have to raise equity or issue TLAC at a suboptimal time.
Darren King: Yes. So, Matt, the biggest driver of the change in our posture and thoughts on NIM has really been the shift in funding sources, right? And so, if you look at the work that we did in the first quarter, the $3.5 billion that we issued, we had talked about issuing wholesale over the course of the year, the markets were very receptive when we went out in January. And so, we pulled forward a bunch of that funding, which had a big impact. We talked about 19 basis points on the NIM. And so, where we stand today, when you look at our asset sensitivity, you can see we're kind of plus or minus 2%, which is where we try to run the bank.  And so, we'll see -- when we go through and we look at those factors and expectations that Fed funds are starting to top out and likely based on the forward curve, we see a decline in the end of the year. That's why you start to see that deposit -- or that margin start to come back down. But as I mentioned, with our asset sensitivity where it is, it's not going to drop precipitously because of the things that we've done with some of the forward starting swaps with the securities portfolio build, with the mix of fixed rate assets on the balance sheet and what have you. And so, it will start to grind down into that range. But given over the long run, the reason we've talked about that range is because we expect over the long run that things "normalize".  And what we mean by that is that the mix of deposits on the balance sheet looks more like what you would see in a normal rate environment. It's not extreme, like where we had 45% of the deposits in noninterest bearing. That's not normal. As that changes, the margin comes down. We'll see a different -- or a mix of time deposits and what the rates are on time deposits, and that will affect the margin. We'll look at what percentage of the balance sheet, it's in cash and securities and as those start to normalize you'll see an improvement in the margin. And so, it's the shift in all of those categories that became very extreme through the pandemic that as they start to come back into what we would consider normal ranges, that's why we think that 3.60% to 3.90% is a normal long-term range for our bank and our balance sheet, just kind of based on history. And so, we'll start to see that migration happen. We started to see it, obviously, this quarter and at the end of last year, and it will continue through 2023. How fast we get there? It seems like things are moving pretty quickly right now just given quantitative tightening and how balances are shifting around the industry. As we get to the end of the year and the jumping off point for the margin, you're probably migrating towards the 3.60% range for the last quarter of the year. There's a lot of factors that can get us there. Between now and then that would be kind of the low end of where I think we would end the year. For the whole year, we're in the ballpark of high three’s just based on that trajectory.  And then when -- as we go through the year and the balances -- the deposit balances price you see some migration down, but it starts to level off as we get towards the back half of the year and you operate in that range through most of 2024 would be our expectation right now. But Keep in mind, there's a lot of assumptions that go into that, not the least of which is what the forward curve looks like.
Darren King: Yes. I would I would just alter that slightly and say that the bottom end of the range, you probably don't see until the first half of next year of that 3.60% to 3.90%, but you're slowly moving down as we go through the year. But as we get towards the end of the year, the rate of decline slows, and you kind of stabilize and hold flattish as we go through 2024.
Darren King: Yes, sure. The -- we expected to close this quarter for safety for you guys, I would assume that it's out of the run rate for the second half of the year. And you've got the revenue, the expenses are not quite the same as revenue, but they're not far off, which is one of the reasons why we're contemplating this move.
Darren King: That's correct, right? And so, in the guide, we have both the full year of the CIT business right now just to try and keep it apples-to-apples year-over-year as well as to let you know that we made that MSR purchase. But other than that, there are a few things that were kind of pulled forward in this quarter, some advertising expense, some of the item’s costs related to that divestiture that won't repeat themselves to try and just to give you guys a little bit of color as to why we still feel good about the full year guide.
Darren King: Thank you. I appreciate it. It's been a run. There's a lot that we've seen. We love Bob and Mark. We went through a pandemic at the largest bank and went through a couple of bank failures. So, it's been an eventful time.
Darren King: I'm just trying to help out the new CFO, so that he has good numbers to report. They will be chastising me about what balances are leaving, but don't forget, that's the offer rate, not the portfolio, rate, but I appreciate it.
Darren King: So, when you stop start seeing a slowdown in deposit repricing. History has been it's typically one to two quarters after the Fed stops. And so, I would expect even if the Fed stopped in the summer and cut in the fourth quarter, you might not -- you wouldn't see a change in deposit betas in all likelihood until sometime in next year. If you get into the space where they stop and then hold and it goes into 2024, the same thing would be true in terms of you'd see deposit betas go up for a quarter or two after and then start to level off. In all of these things in the pricing, in the ultimate beta.  There's a couple of factors to keep in mind, right? We've always talked about it in terms of where Fed funds is. But as we look at the bank and the balance sheet, there's a bunch of trade-offs that are being made, right? And so, for interest-bearing deposits, there's a cost that is born that you need to offer to the customers. But then there's other alternatives that you can look at to meet those funding needs at the brokered money market, it's brokered CD, it's self-funding, right? And so, our preference is if we're going to give rate, we'd rather give it to our customers then to the capital market. But at the end of the day, you're always making those trade-offs. And then it's the mix shift that happens for our clients, as they are a reflection of the economy, just as any bank's clients are. Consumers are going to keep some amount of money in their can count that they're comfortable with. And every person has their own number, but they won't go below it unless they're in dire circumstances. Businesses are the same way. And so, there's a certain amount of deposits that are going to be on each bank's balance sheet and then within each category, the market is pretty perfect. And we can't pay materially less for money market savings in Buffalo than our competitors can. And the same thing is true for time in the other categories. And so, there's a natural governor in the market that gets all of these different deposit categories to their normal -- what I would call, their normal pricing, right? And then what kind of differentiates one bank from the next is their mix.  And our advantage has always been that we tend to focus on operating accounts, whether it's consumers or commercial customers, and we have a slightly higher mix of those in our funding, which ultimately helps our cost of funds. And so those will be the things that will determine where we end up and how big our beta is perhaps compared to others. But we think it's -- the betas continue after Fed fund stops for a little bit. And the terminal amount is as much a function of your mix of deposits as how high the absolute number goes.
Darren King: Yes. No, happy to. The long story short was that the change was a positive for us for adding clients and adding accounts. And so, we're hopeful that we were able to serve as a source of strength and to help some of these folks out when these changes happened. And we were, I would say, a net slightly positive as a result of all the disruption that happened in these various markets. For our clients, when we look at particularly our commercial clients and the average tenure, 20, 25-year relationships.  And so, they know us well, and they tend to worry a little bit less. That said, there were some people who chose to move some money into some of the money funds for diversification for rates, as well as some of their comfort level. We didn't lose a ton, to be honest with you to the larger organizations. But what I would say is, in some of those shifts, we were a recipient of balances as much as we saw an outflow. And so, when you add in some of the accounts that we opened, during the crisis, the net was a was a slight positive.  And so, for us, it wasn't the big shift in balances that many were anticipating more, I would say, as much a continuation of the trend that we've been talking about of as quantitative tightening happens as rates are moving up in the money, the rates paid on the money funds, always moves faster than the deposit accounts on the balance sheet. That normal migration is happening and over time, we expect it will come back as those other rates start to match what you can get in the funds.
Darren King: I can't speak to what others will do. I think there's a big difference between the banks and the REITs and the CMBS, and how they underwrite and how they've underwritten, and how they think about things. For us, in particular, we don't move our credit standards very much at all. And I think we've talked about this for a while that we've, we've had two Chief Credit Officer since 1983. Our viewpoint on underwriting is pretty consistent. And we try to be the same through good times and bad, right, because what our client’s value is consistency and knowing what they need to have, in terms of a profile of the loan for us to be there.  I think for us and the industry is you look at what's maturing, there's a question of how many alternative sources of funds are available for those loans, particularly in the real estate space. And so as long as mature, one of the questions will be, is there another bank or a fund or someone out there who is ready to take that loan on, which obviously will be a function of the debt service coverage and the loan to value? What likely happens though is, as prices are challenged in the short-term is, you will see some sponsors will have the ability to put in some extra equity, which will help with the underwriting. You might see some A node and B node structures. You might see some outside private equity money come in in the form of efforts or mezz debt to help with some of those shortfalls. So, I think what's typical within real estate is its nuance, right? It's hard to give a blanket statement about what will happen. It's more client-by-client and property-by-property that you work through these things. And so, like I said for us, we preserve our capital and our liquidity for our best customers and many of these ones, particularly in real estate, have been around for a long time. Like we are in the second or third generation of supporting them and we will continue to do that. But there is always opportunity, when this kind of disruption occurs and we will be paying close attention to that as well.
Gerard Cassidy: We are going to miss you. congratulations on your run in as CFO. I guess, when you started in 2016. So, I know you've got a heavy hit of replacing you, but good luck in the new role.
Gerard Cassidy: It sure hasn't helping new role your spot rate on your -- my choice money market account is 3 basis points for under $10,000 in the account and over 10,000 adjust 2.96%.
Gerard Cassidy: Oh, God, yes. No, no, I know. Absolutely. But here's my question. Speaking of deposit rates, can you share with us, and that you've alluded to this in some of your answers, if the Fed reaches its terminal rate on Fed funds in June, let's say, 5%, 5.5%. And does not cut even though I know you're looking at the forward curve, that includes two cuts in the fourth quarter. Say they don't cut until maybe the first half of '24. When does your deposit betas go flat after reaching the terminal rate, and second, if they go at 60 days afterwards or whatever you think the number would be, do you then benefit from reinvesting the cash flows off of the securities portfolio into a higher rate environment, assuming the Fed doesn't cut the Fed funds rate.
