David Rosato: Hi, Ken. It’s David. I would just say, the margin is wide enough in the guidance that a slight reduction and I emphasis that were slight lowered loan and deposit goals by 1%, as well as a slightly different mix of the loan portfolio will provide the offset.
David Rosato: Sure. I'll just tell you, it's $68 million at close. At the end of the quarter, it was about a $68 million worth of outstandings. So relatively small, [indiscernible] will be accretive to lease yields.
David Rosato: Yes. That’s basically – you're right. We had the 41 branch closures that we – the 29 to deal our expenses. So it gave us confidence to lower the top end of that guidance by $10 million.
David Rosato: Yes. It’s a good question and it’s hard to say Jared. It really has a lot to do with how competitive retail deposits wind up being. The commercial deposit betas have moved up and they’re exactly where we would expect them to be at this point in the rate cycle. The retail competition is rational as Jack referenced. But you're starting to see more banks running especially in the CD market and the CD rates have gotten to the point where you are seeing balances start to migrate out of some non-maturity deposits like savings accounts and now accounts in the CD, so it just going to be the pace of that. I’d be surprise that we hit a 50% aggregate beta by the end of this year, but I would not be surprised that occurs in 2019.
David Rosato: Yes. So we have the large book of CDs. So we are conscious of the schedule of maturities in any period. And we're pricing competitively to attract and keep that money and then where it can generate new relationships and new activity in the franchise we benefit from that. But where as we talked about discipline pricing, we're pretty thoughtful about where we need to be in order to retain the existing relationships that we have and obviously look to have multiple products with those clients.
David Rosato: Generally, they don't occur regularly, but once in awhile in a quarter it will happen and we call it out. What happens in this quarter as well as there's new accounting around equity securities where you have to mark them to market each quarter. So we have a legacy equity position that appreciated during the quarter and that was the driver for the most part.
David Rosato: The only thing I would add to that is, so Jack was referencing commercial real estate, which has been the real headwind that we called out, but we are seeing some of our C&I customers, merging or selling and so that's a lot more spotty, but it also happens and now it's been happening a little bit more than usual.
David Rosato: Yes. Collyn, it's really all over the board there. So we bank a few of the states, if they might want. So if you think about the state of Mass, Connecticut or Vermont, the three larger states that we bank. They can have sizable swing. But then it’s a very granular portfolio of all those smaller towns throughout New England as well, so there's a real range there. What I would say is the larger customers are the ones who impacted for the most part in dollars, in the quarter. However, this is very normal seasonal activity and then tax payments come in, in the month of July, we’re already seeing those balances come back.
David Rosato: No. There really wasn't. There was a little bit more borrowing, just temporarily borrowings to cover the deposit runoff, but there was a not a change in strategy on our part.
John Barnes: Yes. Sure, Ken. This is Jack. Yes, naturally in any of the loan categories, but if CRE gets significantly worse that certainly could impact our expectations in that portfolio, the rest of the year. We had seen a higher pace in payoffs than we expected and a higher runoff in the multi-family portfolio than we expected and that’s – while we’ve had good activity in originations in the commercial real estate portfolio, we still have active customers. Those will higher rates on the downside have outpaced what we had expected for kind of remain end of period and average balances.
John Barnes: Sure, Casey. It does imply strong growth in the back half of the year, but our [pipelines] – so we had a very strong June. Our pipelines are strong. They’re actually up a bit from June 30, relative to March 31, so – and we saw good strength in – as we called out in a traditional middle-market in mortgage warehouse and across all of our equipment financing businesses. So we feel that lowering our guidance by 1% is appropriate at this point. But even in commercial real estate, our customers are still doing business, it's just been a little bit slower than we expected when we originally gave guidance, and the multifamily has come off a little bit more than we expected as well.
John Barnes: Hey, Casey, this is Jack. Let me ask Jeff Tengel to give us some color on kind of discussions around pipeline and activity in the various markets, so maybe give you some idea where our comfort in our forecast comes from.
John Barnes: There's very little discount accretion in there. Our deals are quite seasoned at this point. We had spread held up well in the quarter as we referenced at the end of the quarter, 44% of that book is prime in one-month LIBOR, so that’s where you see the asset sensitivity and we also called out that this has been the sixth consecutive quarter where the new business flow has been accretive to the existing portfolio yield. We also picked up, if you go back and look at the timing of the Fed rate hikes. We basically picked up the whole quarter after the last month.
John Barnes: It looks like you're looking at averages Jared and at the end of the areas where the $68 million came in from Vend. We're actually up in the other business as well, particularly lease.
John Barnes: And I would just add, during the quarter, we also had some – the checking account acquisition programs that we were running and that's just kind of the way we run the business. We're always looking to onboard and attract new customers and then sometimes that will happen with the CDs, some – but we obviously much preferred if it happens with checking account.
John Barnes: We'd like it to slow. It’s really hard to predict in this market. I would say, we're expecting a little bit above average compared to where we've been historically just given the nature of what we've seen, not only last six months, even in the last 12 or 24 months. A lot of our long-term holders are being approached with prices that they find hard to refuse. And in some cases, competitively, we’re getting taking out by life company deals that are just really long and low, but there's definitely been more activity on that front and really hard at this point to see that shifting.
John Barnes: Thank you. Strong second quarter was highlighted by our announced agreement to acquire First Connecticut Bancorp and the acquisition of Vend Lease company. Another quarter of record earnings, net interest margin expansion benefiting from the increase in loan yields, continuing to outpace the rise in deposit costs, improvement in operating leverage, driven by continued revenue growth and well-controlled expenses, stronger lending activity in June and solid period-end pipeline and our continued commitment to a consistent return of capital to shareholders and evidenced by the Board of Directors declaring a common stock dividend for the 100 consecutive quarters. Thank you for your interest in People’s United. Have a good night.
