Darren King: Yes. So as we think about it, Betsy, we're going to go through the next couple of quarters and the impact of some of the onetime expenses associated with the deal will have an impact on capital in addition to the buybacks. And so as we think about it, it might be a little bit lumpy in a couple of these quarters, but if you think about it over the course of the next 3 is moving down in maybe the 20 to 30 basis point per quarter range, that's probably a good starting point. A bit of the wild card, obviously, is also the pace of increase in the Fed funds rates because of the combined bank's asset sensitivity that will have a meaningful impact on net income and capital generation. And so we'll need to be monitoring that in addition to the pace to hit that kind of 20 to 30 basis point target. So it might bounce around that, but that's kind of when we think about it and how we tend to think about it.
Darren King: Yes. So if we go back to the due diligence, we were -- and continue to target about a 30% decrease in the People's United expense base. And when you look at when that really starts to come in, it really is in the fourth quarter of this year and will probably leak a little bit into the first quarter of next year just given the timing. Most of the reduction in expenses is tied to the system conversion event. And so typically, after that, you'll have some folks who will stay on that time plus 30, plus 60 plus 90 days just as we stabilize the operation and then those expenses will start to go away. So -- it will really be as we get to maybe the December time frame of this year that we'll hit that run rate and really into the first quarter of 2023.
Darren King: Sure. So I guess a couple of things on what's going on there in that just looking at the cash and the cash deployment, some of it will be into securities. We talked about a pace of an incremental $2 billion a quarter in growth in the securities portfolio, net and runoff. When you look at the securities portfolio and where we've been focused of late, it's been in the shorter end of the curve, typically in the 2- to 3-year space. I think if you look at how that curve looks, you see that it kind of flattens out once you get to 5 years. And so we don't see a benefit to that extra duration. But part of the way we're getting some of that duration is through the retention of the mortgages we're originating through our retail channels. And so part of the cash then is deployed into the residential mortgage balances that will sit on our balance sheet. And then obviously, the other loan growth that we talked about. And those are the things that we think help bring the cash levels from the place we are combined in April of around $45 billion down to $30 billion. The other part that I didn't mention was, there is some wholesale funding that is coming through the merger. And as we look at our cash position, we think we can bring those wholesale balances down and fund them with the liquidity position that we have.
Darren King: Yes. I guess we're not anticipating additional runoff in the deposit portfolio right now. We'll go through, I think, the first 100 basis points I think, for us and generally for the industry, given the loan-to-deposit ratios in the industry, the deposits are likely to be sticky, and we won't see much movement due to rates. As we go through the cycle, there's a cadence that happens with these the deposits that tend to be the most rate sensitive are usually those in the wealth business as well as in the municipal or government space, and we're going to see betas move there a little bit faster. In consumer land, it takes a little bit longer for rates to start to drive behavior. And over time, you'll see some movement in -- out of checking accounts and into money market savings and time accounts, but that will all be based on the pace at which the industry starts to move up rates. Just on time deposits, there is a slightly higher time deposit portfolio at Peoples than there has been in M&T. And you might see a little bit of runoff in the time deposits early on. But as rates move, assuming they move as anticipated, at some point, you'll see those lines cross and that portfolio will stop shrinking -- and then on a combined basis, it will start to grow, but that's probably not -- the growth part is probably not until late this year, early next year would be my guess just based on our past experience and where the forward curves are.
Darren King: Yes. Happy to answer the question, Matt. The 10.5% is a stepping stone along the way. We haven't changed our thought process about how we manage capital that we're always looking to deploy it into the franchise first and always looking to support customers and loan growth within our markets. And to the extent that that's not there at a reasonable return, then we look to get it back to shareholders. We always think about the dividend as an important element of that, and we try to make sure we target, as we've talked about before, right around 1/3 of earnings as a dividend payout target. I think that gives us a good flexibility to make sure that we can maintain that payment through the economic cycles. And then we tend to favor using buybacks as the rest of it. And the 10.5, when you look at where we're starting and you look at what we believe is going to be the capital generation of the combined organization, it's -- and with -- against the backdrop of a sensitive franchise in a rising rate environment, the capital generation, we think, becomes pretty compelling. And so the pace of deployment against the pace of capital generation makes it tough to bring that ratio down very quickly. And as you pointed out, it's an intermediate step that next year will be the first year we go through the stress test with our combined balance sheet. And what the history has taught us is when you go through that first time there can be surprises in how the portfolios are treated or react under the Fed stress test models. And sometimes in those situations, -- there can be data gaps that you need to remediate. And so we understand those issues and challenges, but we're -- we think that going into that test at that level, is just a safer place to be, and then we'll have more information when we come out the other side and expect to continue on our path down to the target that we've always talked about. We'll obviously have to look at that target as we take into account the new balance sheet and the combined bank that we have because we are getting some new portfolios, and we want to run them through our own stress test models to understand how they perform under stress. But Consider the 10.5% as a stop along the journey towards our more typical target.
Darren King: Yes. There's not a rule, Matt. When you're going through for banks that are subject to the liquidity coverage ratio, there's an expectation about what percentage of their liquidity is held in high-quality liquid assets. I think the treasuries count, but cash is one of the preferreds. And so shorter duration cash-oriented instruments would affect banks that are LCR banks, which are Category 3 banks. For a bank like M&T, we're not subject to that.  But when we look at the benefit of locking in now a 2-year treasury versus where we see the forward curve going, we think we're going to get a lot of that just with the rate moves without having to lock it in. But yes, we maintain the flexibility of that cash, and we keep the marks off the balance sheet. And so you can see we're starting to buy in, and we'll continue to build a portfolio that does take advantage of some of that while trying to protect the flexibility that we have. And we still expect to benefit from the increase in rates. And we're trying to dollar cost average in a little bit into that position. And really, the focus for us, I can speak for others, but the focus for us is over the course of the next couple of years, rebuilding the mix of the balance sheet between what's in cash, what's in securities, within the securities portfolio, what's the duration of it? How are we thinking about that with what is the duration of the whole portfolio, and as we talked about with what's in mortgages. And then the other thing that's really important is how much cash and once your deposit runoff assumption, right? Because if you get too far into the securities portfolio, and all of a sudden, you see some migration in deposits, and you've got to go out and fund those or you've got to react to outflows with rate. If you go too far too fast, you can get yourself upside down. And so obviously, at 2 years, there's a lot less risk of that. But those are the kind of things that we're always thinking about and debating internally when we think about the pace at which we want to deploy that cash into something that might, over the course of the next couple of quarters provide a higher yield. But based on, as I mentioned, where it looks like the Fed is moving, you might catch up pretty quickly there in the cash.
Darren King: Yes. I guess the way to think about it, Matt, is to look at the combination of our securities portfolio plus our on-balance sheet mortgages and look at that as a percentage of assets and then look at where the peers sit. And if you think about the peers who have the lower percentage of those to the bottom quartile of the peers when you add up securities and mortgages as a percentage of assets, think that kind of range for us. Our -- as we've talked about before, our goal is always to deploy our liquidity into lending while making sure that we're not taking on crazy asset sensitivity. And so we'll look to bring that -- close that asset sensitivity down. And those would be some of the primary categories in which we would look to do that.
Darren King: Yes, sure. When you look at the NII, like I mentioned, we're still finalizing what the marks are. But when you look at the forecast for the year and the coming years, the impact of the accretion will be positive compared to where we thought it would be when we announced, obviously, because of the change in the interest rate environment. But when you look at the percentage, it could move what we guided it's maybe a couple of percentage points in either direction, more likely to be accretive than not really the bigger driver of the the growth in NII is just the composition of obviously, of our balance sheet and our asset sensitivity and the new rate curve, which is the biggest part of that driver.
Darren King: We'll give you all of the information once we finalize it, but I guess what I'm saying is it's not going to change the outcome in a meaningful way.
Darren King: Yes, no problem. I guess we talked a little bit about deposit betas earlier on. And it's really when we disclosed the sensitivity in the Q, what we'll see there is the first 100. And in the first 100, we really don't think there's a lot of reactivity. And really, when we look at the 100, we look at each 25 and then we'll look at the subsequent 25. But really, we think the first 100 has relatively low deposit betas probably in the 10% to 15% range, probably towards the bottom end of that. It skews by portfolio. When you look, as I mentioned before, some of the government and municipal deposits, they tend to be a lot more rate sensitive as to the wealth balances. And so those would drive up the deposit beta and for our smaller business customers and our consumer customers, the betas are a little bit lower. Clearly, as you get higher in the absolute level of Fed funds, you start to get a little bit more attention. One of the things that I think is different this cycle from others, not just for us, but for the industry for all of us to keep in mind is there's now an ability to pay interest on commercial checking accounts, which there hadn't been before. And you would look at the impact on commercial balances historically would be on earnings credit and then the offset on fees. And from an interest perspective, it was typically sweep accounts and it was either on or off balance sheet. Now much of that will happen in those commercial checking accounts where clients will have to decide between earnings credit against fees or between earning an actual interest income based on the rate on those products. And so it's something we haven't seen how reactive those specific products will be because we haven't really been through a tightening cycle that's looking like the one that's in front of us. But again, big picture, if you just go back to where loan-to-deposit ratios sit and all the liquidity that sits not just on our balance sheet but on others, unless there's a meaningful change in that position or meaningful loan growth you probably have deposit betas that are at the lower end of what we saw in the last tightening cycle.
Darren King: So I'll go in reverse order. The new level of asset sensitivity is slightly less than what it is M&T standalone. If you look at the two balance sheets, both were asset sensitive. And on a combined basis, the asset sensitivity drops, maybe 1 percentage point, 0.5 point in that range. We saw in the People's portfolio over the course of the last year, similar phenomenon that we did and that there has been some loan declines, certainly PPP loans that paid off and turned into cash. And so they were looking at managing their portfolio in a very similar fashion to how we were. And so there really wasn't a big change in the combined asset sensitivity. And then when you look at the hedging program, what we've been trying to do is since we see the curve that is forecast, we can use some forward starting swaps much like we had done in the prior cycle to lock in those increases before they happen. So in effect, if you see where are we today, 9 increases in Fed funds, you can lock that in with a forward-starting position and then you'd have to see 10 or 11 before you thought that was a bad decision. And given the fact that you're still asset sensitive, you'd be pretty happy if that was the case. But being able to lock in some of these today, you can protect in case the pace isn't at that level. And so it's really with some of those cash flow hedges, very similar to how we built the portfolio last time when we try to leg into it a little bit and build it out each month as we go forward.
Darren King: So I'm trying to think about the 85%. That's not a number that's -- I know what you're thinking about. I got it, first year. I'm with you now. Just given the timing of when the deals happen, we'll start to see that run rate achieved towards the end of the year. Is it 85% this year? We're not going to see 85% in actuality in calendar year 2022 just because we're not doing the conversion until the third quarter, right? And so in reality, we'll start to get to the the run rate as we come out of the year. And so really, the way to think about it is it's -- it will really kick in full year in 2023. And then it's -- we're still in the range of thinking that we're around 30% cost saves. But keep in mind that the people's expense base has changed. So the dollars will be slightly different. They're -- they've seen the same thing we have with expense growth and wage inflation. And so -- the good news is in dollar terms, the savings are probably a little bit higher because the cost went up, but the reality is the percentage save has really not changed much.
Darren King: Not the fourth quarter. Yes, really -- like I mentioned, there's a lot of it's going to come out in the third quarter but there's always some residual -- some folks that are 60 or 90 days past conversion. And if we're doing the conversion and around the early part of September, a little bit of that leaks into the fourth quarter. And so by the time we get out of this year, we should be pretty close to the run rate as we jump off into 2023.
Darren King: Yes. we've seen a fairly -- as we mentioned, fairly substantial amount of payoff activity this quarter. A bunch of it was in and around New York City real estate, and in many cases, in the leisure and hospitality industry hotel, aka, hotel. And it's a variety of players, Gerard, that are coming in. Sometimes it's private equity and sometimes it's the funds. We have seen a couple refinanced by other banks. And it might not necessarily be the credit per se. And what I mean by that is when you've got a company on your books and you've been watching their performance over time and you downgrade them, you want to see a few quarters of reperformance before you upgrade them. Some one -- and they get classified as a troubled debt restructuring potentially, depending on what happens. And someone who comes in new, it's not a trouble -- it's not a TDR for them, it's a new loan. They can structure it the way they want. In some cases, we saw us get refinanced out and then additional dollars were added. And so it's a new loan and someone else is them. So the treatment from an accounting and a capital perspective is a little bit different. And they're not waiting for a little bit longer history of performance before they regrade it and change it, right? They might look more prospectively than we might typically look where you're wanting to see a few months, maybe even a couple of quarters of sustained performance before you change the range. And so for those reasons, that's why you tend to see this stuff. And I think I would humbly say that a lot of times people look at our underwriting and know our history of it and so are willing to take us out because they know these credits are strong. And a lot of times, that proves out. When you look at the charge-offs this quarter, at 3 basis points. The reason that was so strong was as much because of recoveries because of the things that we had previously charged off where it turned out that the collateral values where we thought they would be, and we were able to recover what we had previously charged off. And so there's a number of things that happen when others take us out. And it's not something that we necessarily love, but it's part of the cycle.
Darren King: Yes. So I think there's a couple of things that are behind that, John. Over time, when we look at our portfolio, we tend to see growth in our portfolio when there's activity in the market. And there's -- there hasn't been as much activity until recently with properties starting to change hands. And so part of what we were talking about7890- some of the paydowns is property starting to change hands. And so that typically is a benefit for us. The other thing is when we look at some of the payoffs, and we mentioned that many were in our nonaccrual or criticized space and in the hotel part of our portfolio. We've seen a number of upgrades, and we continue to expect more upgrades to come because we are seeing a definite improvement in that portfolio. And so for those reasons, we expect to see a little bit less payoff and paydown activity there. I mentioned a little bit about the construction loans and those paying off. In a lot of cases, what you're seeing is some folks trying to lock in where they could a fixed rate rather than the construction line is a variable rate. And so people are trying to lock in some of the financing in the face of rising rates, which, of course, it can still happen, but loans have to be at a certain place along the way, meaning the construction won’t have to be far enough long that you can convert some of it into permanent. And then I guess the other part of it is just the utilization rate of those lines and where they stand. As the projects near completion, they'll continue to grow towards 100%. And when we look at where that utilization is today, it's higher than it's been since -- well, in our history that I'm looking at, but certainly from the low point in December of 2019. And so when you open up a bunch of construction lines and the projects start to move forward, you see those lines slowly build and grow and from a low of maybe 50-odd percent in 2019, we're now in the call it, 68% to 70% range. And so at that point, the construction is going to go to completion for the developer to get paid out. And so those lines will continue to grow, which will be a bit of an offset. And so for a bunch of those reasons, that's why when we look forward, we think that there will be enough growth to offset some of the paydowns that are natural and expected. And the other thing which we shouldn't discount from just loan growth in general is now that there's certainty around the deal and the merger, there's -- that anxiety goes away for our employees and for our customers who are waiting. And I think that that's a -- we shouldn't discount that, that does have an impact on the psyche. And as folks feel that certainty and understand the credit window that we'll start to see the activity ramp up. And so that's also part of that forecast.
Darren King: It's too early, John, to go through that. I mean, we still -- we talked about it, you're 100% right. We talked about it at the merger announcement and is something that we think is an opportunity. We still see that as a great way to be able to provide capital for our clients, and it's something that we'll look at. And more to come as we go through sort of the second quarter and third quarter. Give us a second to integrate these 2 banks and I promise we'll come back.
Darren King: Yes. Early on, just to give an update on where we had been before, we talked about stand-alone. I think it would be 9 to 12 basis points before, combined, that's -- with the change of the portfolio, it's a little bit higher. We would estimate kind of 10 to 14. Obviously, as you mentioned, deposit betas are the driver of the range from 10 to 14. And on a combined basis, 25 basis points on a full year annualized basis, that 10 to 14, we think equates to about $165 million to $225 million in incremental NII.
Darren King: Yes. It's a great question. It's something that we spend a lot of time talking about as a management team and our treasurer and treasury team has spent obviously all day every day thinking about it. We have a long ways to go clearly before we're liquidity constrained. We mentioned we start the combined bank with $45 billion in cash. And so -- but as we think about the mix between how much we put in the securities portfolio and how we think about the hedges, what we like about the hedges is it's a nice offset, obviously, to the loan book, but it's capital friendly, right? And so if you think about what we've seen in the last quarter, with -- if you try to cover asset sensitivity and reduce it solely through the securities portfolio and fixed rate product to the extent that's held and available for sale, then you have equity risk as rates continue to rise, whereas when we do it through the hedging, it's more equity efficient. What we recognize, though, is that just given some of the changes that are happening between LIBOR and SOFR on the rate that loans are kind of on the books and the changes that -- to move the position down, we won't be able to do it solely with hedging. And so that's when we start to look at some of the other instruments and we look at and make a trade-off decision between mortgage-backed securities versus just the mortgages that we can hold on our balance sheet. When we look at the flow that we think is coming today out of our retail production, we think that provides us a nice opportunity to manage down some of that asset sensitivity and deploy that liquidity. And then when we think about securities for the rest -- and we'll -- and I think we'll continue for now to focus at the shorter end of the curve there just because we've got some of the longer part covered in the mortgage book. And the thing that we always just kind of keep an eye on is what's happening in that deposit book. And really, that's the trick, right? As you look at what’s happening with those deposit balances, they look pretty sticky based on what we see right now. But we'll want to hold a certain amount of liquidity and cash just for part of our liquidity coverage and liquidity management in the -- under stress, but go at a pace where if you've got the excess, you can always deploy it. But if you find yourself short, that's a little bit of a problem. So we'd rather kind of work our way down slowly to take that away. And ultimately, as we mentioned before, get to a position where that securities plus mortgage balances as a percentage of the total balance sheet, is kind of in the range of the top end of the bottom quartile of the peers.
Darren King: That's how we see it. But the caveat, of course, is the Fed curve actually has to come true. So far, we've got 25 basis points, but…
Darren King: Yes, we're still going through and doing the work there. I don't have any reason to believe that it will go much below the kind of 2% to 3% rate that we've been seeing or expect this year. I mean, this year is a little bit high because we had some runoff and this pause that we talked about while there was uncertainty. But in general, it's hard to outgrow GDP. And GDP might be a little bit high, but we're expecting that, that will start to come down. When I think about the puts and takes, CRE is probably going to stay a little bit lower as we talk about and complete the portfolio repositioning that we've talked about for a while. C&I, we think we've seen some really strong growth already this year and expect that to continue. There's clearly a question about the pace of recovery in the floorplan business. When you look at a lot of the growth, it was early in the quarter, late in the year. And at the end of the quarter, you started to see a little bit of a slowdown in production again, and supply chain. And so if that gets resolved, you could see a higher growth rate in C&I. Without it, it might not be quite as robust. And obviously, that spills over into the indirect consumer.  And then mortgages, I think mortgage activity will be a function, obviously, of how high the 30 year goes than what's happening with people changing homes, which has been -- when we look around many of our geographies, the biggest issue seems to be just availability of homes to buy versus desire to actually purchase at least right now. We'll see whether that shift, as I mentioned, when rates go up. But I would be thinking as a starting point in that 2% to 3% range for the whole portfolio.
