Darren King: No. Thanks for clarifying. If you look at the day count and adjust for that, as well as cash balances, normalizing somewhat, those two factors should bring the net interest margin down. And from that level, we expect to be fairly stable over the course of the remainder of the year based on what we see today reflected in the Fed's statements as well as what the forward curves are implying.
Darren King: Yes. Sure. On the expenses, in aggregate, there is couple of things going on related to our investments in IT. So if you look first in the furniture, fixtures and equipment line, you can see that it moved up fairly -- sizably, I guess, from where our normal run rate has been. And that reflects some investment in hardware that we're making for our colleagues. And those devices since the average cost is less than a $1,000 get expensed. And so any time you make those investments, you kind of get a blip in that and it should -- that number should start to come back down. And then the other thing that we are doing, which we've been talking a lot about is bringing much of the IT talent in-house from using outside contractors. And as we do that, we bring on the folks on our teams and it takes about 90 days to 120 days to get them in a position, where we can then reduce the professional services or the contractor expense on the other side. So, there's a little bit of a carrying cost as you make that transition and we expect that to happen a couple of times during the year. We were just happened to be very successful in recruiting and adding some folks to the team in the first quarter little faster than we thought. And that's why you get a little bit of a front loading that I mentioned.
Darren King: So, I'll talk about the last one second. We don't actually talk about what the size of our IT budget is specifically because it crosses a bunch of categories, but obviously something we pay a lot of attention to, to make sure that we're making the appropriate investments that we need to make sure the bank is safe and sound and more competitive. When you look at the operating leverage for the year, we expect to be modestly positive. Some of that obviously is going to depend on what happens with rates as well as our rates moving around can move that in one direction or the other. But we expect to be modestly positive.
Darren King: Sure, Ken. On the loan growth, when you look at the rate of decline in the resi mortgage portfolio, the rate is maybe slightly lower than what it had been. I think we are running about 13% annualized for the last several quarters with some of the movement up in rates. That dropped slightly to about 11%. But the bigger factor is the size of the portfolio continues to decline. And in the first quarter, I think it was about $430 million of payoff and paydown activities in that book. And if you went all the way back to 2015 and early 2016 when that book first came on our balance sheet, it was probably more like $900 million. So the ability to add in other loan categories to outrun the payoffs and paydown activity in the resi book is getting a little bit easier in dollar terms. And so, that's part of why we expect to see some low nominal growth in balances over the course of the year.
Darren King: Yes. So, I guess, when you look across the other categories, we don't expect any one category to be a standout in terms of where the growth will come from that will offset that. We continue to see strong activity in the consumer loan book. The pace of home equity payoffs continues to be fairly similar, but again, it's getting to be a smaller book of business. And in indirect auto and in indirect rec-fi continued to be strong as well, as we see some small growth in our credit card portfolio. On the commercial loan side, when you look at real estate, in commercial real estate, we've seen -- we had a nice quarter and some permanent mortgage activity. And I think we mentioned in the fourth quarter earnings call that we've had some good origination in the construction side of things. And those balances will continue to grow over the course of the year as those projects go through their normal life stage. And then in the C&I space, it's kind of a combination of some new customer growth in the dealer commercial services business as well as growth in more traditional middle market, which we see some nice pockets in healthcare and other sectors. So, I guess, I would say it's fairly broad-based and both in terms of the line items on the balance sheet, as well as some of the industry sectors and geographies where we expect to offset the declines in resi real estate.
Darren King: Sure. So, when we look at the deposits and you look at the deposits on the balance sheet, there's a set of deposits that as you've seen through time, tend to have a little bit of volatility to them and those are some of the trust demand deposits. So much like you would think about non-interest bearing or indeterminate deposit accounts, we look at those and have a kind of tranching that we know a certain amount will be on the balance sheet and we think about that when making our lending decisions. When you hold that to the side and you look at what's going on, in total deposit balances, what we see is more of a remixing than a real decrease in the balances. And so, when we look at the consumer portfolio, the balances have been pretty stable. We're seeing some mix shift where we're seeing people move money from money market accounts into the time accounts. And you can kind of see that reflected to some extent in the average cost of time deposits. Think it was up above 30 odd basis points this quarter. And a large chunk of that was remixing, and that customers are going from money market and not into short-term CDs, but into one year to two year. And as that mix happens, that's driving up that interest rate costs. But in total, the balances are staying on the balance sheet. When we look at our commercial customers, we see, again, a remixing. We see some movement from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing checking, and we see some move into suite both on balance sheet and off balance sheet. I think when you look at our deposits information and you look at what's referred to as deposits at the Cayman Islands Office, that's really where our balance sheet suite is and you can see that movement there. So, again in aggregate, the balances are relatively flat. They are just remixing. And so, we're able to trade-off a little bit. If we have loan growth, we can fund some of it from the residential real estate run-off and then a little bit out of the securities portfolio. And overall, when we look at our loan-to-deposit ratio, it was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. So, there is nothing that we are worried about at this point in our ability to fund loan growth.
Darren King: Yes, there's a little -- there will be a little bit of pressure on that going forward, but there will be a little bit of offset in remixing on the asset side as well, right. We will be trading -- we expect to continue to see some trade between residential mortgage and some of the other loan categories that tend to carry a little bit of a higher yields as well as a little bit of movement in the securities portfolio, which is a lower yielding asset as well. So based on some of those changes in the composition of the balance sheet, it's our expectation that the NIM should be barely stable. It might move a couple basis points in either direction off of a level that reflects the cash balances and the day count, but should be fairly stable around there.
Darren King: I think you're in the right ballpark area. You can move around a little bit obviously with those cash balances. They can move back up which could drop. They could stay low which could keep it high. So, there is a little bit of volatility, couple of basis points here or there around that -- around those numbers and really the big thing is balance growth.
Darren King: I guess dropping off no, lower, yes. I guess the thing that we got our eye on is how much, how fast deposits are moving across categories and then how fast each category itself is moving up or down. And what we saw in the first quarter was a little bit of a slowdown in movement of rates in any category that because of where the Fed was that, there was a little bit less competitive pressure on deposit pricing in any given category. And now the big impacts of the deposit costs will be remixing in the piece of remixing that we might see on a go forward basis. And usually, there is some degree of that that continues after the Fed stops hiking. The offset is what I mentioned before and some of the potential remixing on the asset side of the balance sheet, and how that might impact the overall yield on our loan book as well as changes we might make to securities portfolio. So, we think we've got some ability in the short-term to offset some of those little bit. And that's why we feel confident that we can maintain the margin absent any changes in the Fed around a relatively stable place over the course of 2019.
Darren King: Yes, that's typically how we would think about things and low nominal is 3% or less. And some of that's obviously that we saw this quarter's timing and then some of the investments that we're making in the business and we've talked about our expense growth at the overall level as opposed to at any individual category, because we see some movement within the expenses across categories. And we don't try to worry about any one category but more watch the pace of our overall expense growth might move around a little bit, as you can see from quarter-to-quarter. But overall, that remains our expectation for the year.
Darren King: Yes, sure. I guess the most interesting thing on credit is that the criticized are up, but there is nothing to note in terms of specific industries or geographies. So, we pay a lot of attention to that obviously. And we often use criticized as the classification to help make sure that within the bank, we have lots of eyes on things where we see a little bit of deterioration. And to jump on it quickly to make sure that between our credit folks, our frontline folks and our workout folks that were paying attention to early warning signs. And as we kind of pointed out in the prepared remarks, that doesn't necessarily mean that there's going to be a charge up, but what our history has been as if we focus on things and get on top of them early that we can actually prevent that from happening. And so, we're very aggressive of moving things where we see even small size of trouble into that criticized portfolio.
Darren King: Sure. So you know with the changes to -- potential changes to the LCR, you know, we will look at our total balance sheet. And number one, we'll make sure that we feel like we've got the right liquidity for the bank and for our customers. And look at that in relation to how the economy is how charge offs are as well as loan growth. And if you look at our bank through time we've always make sure we had the right amount of liquidity but that's also tended to run a little bit at the lower end of the peer group. And we're lower than the peer group right now, but above where we have historically been and we will continue to look at that and make those trade-offs between holding liquidity to make sure the bank is safe, versus using that liquidity to fund loan growth and provide access to capital for our customers.
Darren King: So, the impact of the equity vesting this first quarter was nominal which is why we didn't mention it. It was slightly less than $2 million. And remember that the impact can be positive or negative to the tax line depending on how the stock price is at the vesting date compared to the price at the issue date. And so first couple of years with the stock price where it was, you know it resulted in a big impact, because the price was higher than what it was granted out when people received their award and this past year it was down from where things were issued last year. So, there's always going to be some movement around in that number, but if it's meaningful we'll let you guys know what it is. And then, what was the other part of the question, sorry I forgot.
Darren King: The tax rate, right sorry. On the tax rate, I think the guide we gave in the first call this year was 24.5% to 25% and that's still a good place to be.
Darren King: So, it's a measure that we pay attention to, but I wouldn't say that we run the bank based on it. So, we would be comfortable with the loan-to-deposit ratio going over a 100% for a quarter, maybe even two or three. We -- obviously, we don't expect to run at nor do we choose to run at the kind of levels we were at before the crisis. We don't think that's practical any more. But as we look at the balance sheet and go quarter-to-quarter, we definitely have enough liquidity to fund loan growth at least loan growth that we would expect to see and we're always paying attention to how we fund it. And if things get a little more active as we go through the year then we'll figure out how to make sure we've got the right amount of funding to manage that loan-to-deposit ratio. But in any given quarter or couple of quarters, it's not something that we would worry a lot about.
Darren King: So, average earning assets can be a tougher one to predict. And the reason is tougher to predict is just because of the movement in the trust demand deposit and in that line about cash that we have at Fed. So, that's why we try to breakdown the pieces and help you guys think through the pieces because that's how we look at it. And so, we first and foremost look at the loan balances and make sure that we're taking care of our customers and providing funding as they needed. And over the course of the last several years, while loans in absolute have been down slightly, it's all been quite intentional in bringing down that mortgage book, but while growing C&I as well as CRE and some of the other consumer segments. And then really the difference is some of the cash balances that might move on and off our balance sheet that relates to that trust demand deposit that tend to come with our institutional business. And those can move around a little bit as well as some of the balances that might be associated with mortgage servicing. So when we look at that, we look at where we are over the course of the year. We think it could be plus or minus 1%, but we're not expecting big movements in either direction.
Darren King: From what we've looked at and forecast over the course of the year, we would be kind of right in the range that we talked about earlier. We wouldn't see that being, what's really higher than that. There we do expect to see some movements in the net interest margin as we go through the next part of the year along the lines of what we had talked about earlier, might be a couple of basis points up or down in any quarter from where we think. We ended the first quarter on an adjusted basis. And then the thing right and this is probably the hardest to predict is just what those earnings assets are. And if we maintain the position in particular in the trust demand balances where we ended the first quarter, then you probably got earnings asset growth that's more like slightly down than flat or slightly up. And then the pace of growth in commercial balances and what they've been, as you know we're probably a little more conservative and how we think about things, and how fast we might see those assets growth specially given the history of the last nine quarters and looking at -- we're -- feel good about things after the last two quarters, but the prior six were tough. So, we might not be at the upper end of where loan growth might be than others might have.
Darren King: Sure. So, I guess as it relates to announcements, we would expect to announce at some point during the second quarter. What's going on from a capital perspective? We've submitted something to the Federal Reserve as well as for our -- to our board for approval. The Fed probably needs the loan information to come on the schedules before they finalized things, but our expectation will be out before the end of the quarter, hopefully not quite as late as last time with what the capital plans are. I guess I don't have a comment necessarily on what other folks have as a target capital level and what its impact, may or may not be on us. But we have been fairly consistent with our thought process on where we think capital should be for M&T. And we think that's toward the low end of the peers and that's a bit of moving target. The challenge is how fast you can get there and really what the governor is on that is the stress test and how it works. And so, I guess my answer to the question depends a little bit on what happens with the stress test framework and whether or not we start to see the SCB thought process emerged, how capital distributions and asset growth are handled under stress in the next CCAR scenario, because those tend to be some of the things that actually restrict a Company's ability to get from where they are to where their target might be. And those are bunch of things that we pay a lot of attention to and are factors in our considerations in our capital distributions, but I guess in the short term, I think if you use the template and did the math as you're going forward, you probably be in the ballpark on likely capital returns for the third and fourth quarter of this year and the first two quarters of next year.
Darren King: So, generally in the right ballpark, the losses carry over and will be the same and you adjust the start point of your capital ratios and capital levels from where you are to December of 2018 versus December 2017. And then, earnings are the same as last year is kind of the way that works.
Darren King: It's really 2018 numbers that are the basis for the earnings and the tax reform was by and large baked into the 2018 numbers already.
Darren King: CCAR 2018 would have been based on 2017 for sure, but the losses that we would have had in last year's CCAR will be the losses that were going into the template. The capital ratio will be the 2018 December start point and the earning would be based on the 2018 earnings.
Darren King: So, I guess to start with Erika on the ballpark, you're in the right range maybe a little bit light on what our math would say, but basically in the right ballpark. And then the decision to submit or not submit was really, we look at what we thought the template would be and then what the pluses and minuses are going through the full CCAR process and how close those two might be. And when we looked at the two look-like they would end up in a pretty similar place, it really didn't have anything to do with the real estate losses from last year. There's always some part of the portfolio that's gets stressed, commercial real estate might be a little bit harder for us, and there's always some uncertainty in the CCAR process in terms of how the models might work and how operational losses might be impacted, how PPNR might be. So, there's a bunch of unknown, whereas with the template there's a little bit more certainty about how things might work. That said, we still maintain our CCAR apparatus at the bank. We run a full stress test on M&T scenario, and we think about reducing credit growth and that's the process that we will continue to go through every year just because we think it's good governance and a good practice and makes us feel more certain about our thoughts on capital distributions. And obviously, you need to make sure that you're ready for the CCAR process that will happen on every other year basis. So, we will go forward from here.
Darren King: So, I am just going through some of the pieces. In securities portfolio, we have kind of a barbell of investments in there. Some of its mortgage-backed securities, which is the longer dated and treasury, US treasuries which we tend to do either one year or two year. So as those mature, they create cash and depending on where rates are right now or at the time that things mature, we tend to look at where the curve is and what the difference might be between one year treasuries and holding that money and cash at the fed. And so, you will see some movement between those two categories and we tend to look at them as one as opposed to two unique buckets. And some of the cash or some of the rundown in the securities will sit in cash, some of that we might buy more treasury, and then some of that we use to fund loans for customers. And so with that given that we're going to be at a certain ratio of securities to total assets but more we're looking at as the trade offs across those categories, and that's what gets us comfortable that we can maintain the NIM relatively stable over the next few quarters.
Darren King: Yes, so, if you look at toward the end of last year, we redeemed bonds that we're going to come due at the end of the year, and we redeem them early because they were inside of 30 days and bonds are inside of 30 days don't qualify for the FDIC benefit. And so, we redeemed them early and did a short term borrowing, which you would have seen on the balance sheet for part of the first quarter and then go away. And so kind of what you got in there some of the average over the quarter, but they want there at the end of the quarter and that just help with the FDIC insurance benefit.
Darren King: Yes. So I guess given the outlook from both the Fed and the forward curves with not a lot of movement and the swaps that we put on, we think we will be fairly stable over the course of 2019. And that's obviously a bunch of things that are going on in there. Some of it was swap and the hedging activity that we've done. Some of it is how deposit pricing might react from a competitive perspective over the course of the year, which I think to some extent will depend on how strong loan growth is in the industry. But as you pointed out, we've been taking steps to try and protect the margin that we built because of where it is, and you'll see when we filed the Q that some of our asset sensitivity has come down, and you'll see that in the numbers and it's because of that work that we've done to try and lock in the margin or keep it protected at a level close to where it is.
Darren King: So, the swaps when you look at the notional amounts that will be disclosed, it's probably going to be around $30 billion to $35 billion. And that's -- they're not all in effect right now. The notional amounts that's kind of out there right now is about $15 billion to $16 billion, and it's a combination of some swaps on our debt as well as some cash flow swaps against the loan portfolio. And the extra notional amount, the extra kind of doubling of the notional amount as to extent swaps that have been put in place earlier that are expiring. And the idea is to kind of have about two years forward in terms of the swaps that are in place.
Darren King: Sure. You didn't miss anything Gerard. So, as usual, you are right on top of things. We are going through right now parallel runs of the existing ALLL dropped us and the new CECL and growing through, making sure that, that we can run at scale. We haven't made that announcement yet. We expect to probably as we get toward the end of the year, we'll start to be a little bit more definitive about what the exact impact will be. But from the work that we've done to-date what I've said before and it still holds that the impact on our capital ratios will be fairly nominal.
Darren King: I guess, Gerard, I wouldn't say that competitive environment isn't any more intense than what it has been for the last sort of while anything. I think we saw some of the outside, the regulated system participation slowdown a little bit with the disruption in markets and in December that carried a little bit into the first quarter. So I think that's why we saw pay-off and pay down activity moderate. We do continue to see competitors in the market and when we look at the source of funds for pay-offs and pay down to this first quarter a little bit more came from competing banks and came from non-banks, so that's kind of an interesting data point. But in terms of pricing and or structure, there hasn't been a notable move this quarter compared to what we would have seen over the course of last year. I think more it's who is in the market and being aggressive and it's little bit more bank competition than what we've seen outside of the banking. But you know that said, I think it's more an essence of the non-banks as it is an increase in activity by the banks.
