Darren King: Sure Ken and good morning. So let's take those two components that you talked about individually. On the net interest margin side, obviously we benefitted as the industry from the rate increases that have happened this year. As we look forward through the fourth quarter, without anything planned. It's our anticipation that we will see a slight downtick in the net interest margin, in the fourth quarter, driven mainly by the full quarter impact of the debt that we -- debt offering we did in August, and as we have been talking about before, there is still some slight core margin compression, as new commercial loans roll on at a slightly lower margin than what is rolling off. Now, the good news there is that, we have actually seen stabilization in loan margins over the last several quarters, probably last three quarters. So we are not expecting anything down, it's just the natural churn that happens, as longer dated loans roll of and the newer ones come on. So a slight margin compression. When we look forward at the loan balances, we are optimistic that we will see flat to slightly up on loan balances for the fourth quarter. When we think about where -- excluding the residential mortgage portfolio of course. And when we look at what the drivers are, we see the normal seasonal impact of other floor plan balances coming back on to the balance sheet. We started to see that at the end of September. And as we mentioned, the pipeline, that we are looking and as we enter the fourth quarter, is at the highest level that has been entering any quarter this year. So we are feeling much more positive about where loan growth might be in the fourth quarter. I don't think we are going to see anything like we saw in 2016, unfortunately. But it feels like we are in a better spot. When you put the two together, for NII, for the fourth quarter, we are probably flat to maybe slightly down, but not anything too dramatic.
Darren King: Sure. So you look at the pace of decline in the resi-mortgage book, it has been pretty consistent on a percentage basis, over the last five quarters. The dollar amount is decreasing as the portfolio shrinks, and we expect that to continue. A large portion of that is just normal amortization of that book, it has a number of 5-1 and 7-1 option arms in there, that would have a normal paydown cycle, obviously, as well as the third year product. So when we look forward, we expect that that rate of decrease will be approximately the same, and as we get into 2018, we expect that the dollar amount will start to shrink, as the portfolio gets smaller. So we will talk more about 2018 in January, but just to give you a little sense of where we see that going over this quarter and the coming quarters.
Darren King: Sure Ken. So the kind of conversations we are having with customers varies fairly dramatically, depending on which customer base we are talking to, and which balances we are looking at. If you look in our statements in the press release, you will see some increase in the rate in now balances, and in those balances are some mortgage escrow balances that are tied to the servicing business that we do. Those are all indexed to market. So obviously, as the market moves up and that's driving up those costs. When we look at and deal with our larger commercial customers, they tend to be the most price sensitive and we are working with each of those customers on an individual basis, to work through deposit pricing. And the other place where we see a little bit more activity and sensitivity, is with the larger balanced consumer customers, which are typically affluent or private banking types of customers, where because again, the size of the balances are a little bit bigger, they are a little more sensitive to rate. When we look through the rest of the portfolio, in general, on the consumer side and the rest of the smaller and the commercial, including small business; there still seems to be somewhat less of a focus on rate in those customers, and the other thing that we are kind of seeing, when we look at total balances is as rates still haven't gotten back to where they were at the bottom of the last cycle. Customers in the consumer and small business area are tending to stay short-dated. So when we look at the time book, it's very skewed towards six months and 12 months or under, and people are not really signing up for two year, three year, five year CDs, which is helping keep the yield down, and some people are staying liquid. So I think you are seeing some shift across categories right now, which is partly helping keep balances flat, and we will obviously be paying a lot of attention to rates and competitive pricing, as we go forward to protect those balances, and make sure we are doing the right thing for our customers.
Darren King: Right. So it's really both, but more skewed towards the C&I side. When you look at our CRE balances, as you pointed out, through the year, they have been fairly flat. And what's going on underneath, is there is a little bit of shift happening from construction to more permanent types of financing, and what -- that's kind of expected. We had a big run up in construction balances during the latter part of 2016, as projects were nearing their completion. And now we are seeing this year, them reach the conclusion of their normal life, which is they get completed and they turn into a permanent mortgage or the condos get bought, which is a good thing, and that's being replaced by other lending around the footprint, could be owner-occupied, could be other permanent mortgages. But that churn is what's happening inside, and why you are seeing relatively flat. We expect that will continue and we have seen a little more optimism on the C&I side.
Darren King: At the spot balance, it would be less than what the average was for the quarter, because we started to see some of those inventory starting to build and some of those loans starting to come back. So when we looked at the quarter, on average, the ratio was about two-thirds non-floor plan, one-third floor plan. I think, when you get to the end of the quarter, and you look at the end of the period versus the prior year, probably in the same approximate ratio between those two categories.
Darren King: Yeah. Paydowns were probably the biggest driver of decreases in the quarter. When you look at originations, they were down a little bit, but not the biggest driver. The biggest driver was the rate of paydowns. And across the book, there is a whole host of reasons why those things are happening. Some of it is non-banks, which we mentioned earlier, that's real estate related. We have seen some of our customers sell parts of their business, because rates are -- asset prices are so strong, and if they do that, then they would tend to pay down their loan balances, and we have seen some of the debt capital markets business coming further down in middle market. So it's -- what's interesting is, when we look at prime, we are not seeing any one particular industry, any one particular geography. It's kind of more broad-based, and why we feel a little bit more optimistic as we head into the fourth quarter, is when we look at the pipeline, it too is fairly broad-based.
Darren King: Prepayment penalties in spread income this quarter were not materially different from what they have been for the past several quarters. There is no step-up.
Darren King: I think it's fairly decent run rate as we go forward, when we look at just the straight pricing on those deals and the spread over LIBOR, I think that's probably pretty reasonable to take forward.
Darren King: Yes. So if you look at where we are in that book, we are about two-thirds of the way through has been repriced, at least once, and don't forget that a lot of what's repriced has been the shorter duration or shorter term product. We have got about a third of it left to reprice, so that was longer dated, three, four, five year CDs that are rolling off, and they should roll off approximately equal amounts over the next two to three years. And when we look at where pricing has been on those, it's a little bit tricky, because what we are seeing when people are repricing, is they are generally going into a lower term. So you are coming off of two and three, and then in some cases, five year term, that were carrying rates, in some cases, over 2%. And generally, no one is really signing up for any kind of CD greater than above 12 months. So we are repricing those down around 90 to 100 basis points, depending on the market, obviously, we have New Jersey, and you are seeing that benefit. But it's not as straightforward as just comparing the current two year CD to a rolling-off two year CD, because people are shifting term buckets as well.
Darren King: Yeah. I guess, at this point in the book, the duration is coming down naturally as the mix is shifting. And I don't think that segment of the deposit balances are enough to materially shift the duration of the whole portfolio. So it's not something that we are as worried about and as focused on, as much as making sure that in those markets, our rates are competitive and that we are trying to retain those balances.
Darren King: As far as our 2018 outlook, we are going through our work right now, and planning our 2018 operating numbers and looking at the pipeline and where we see 2018 shaping up. So probably a little premature for me to speculate on or forecast what 2018 might be, but we will be back in January with a full outlook for 2018.
Darren King: We definitely will maintain a level of resi mortgage on the balance sheet, just from a -- we supporting the community, many of these are customers that have broader relationships with the bank, and those mortgages we tend to hold on our balance sheet as well, because it helps from a customer service perspective. When we look at the proportion, in terms of the total balance sheet, as I kind of tend to look at what the proportion was, we were running at before Hudson City. And if you look at the composition of the balance sheet for M&T before we merged with Hudson City, that over time, that's what we would expect the whole balance sheet to start to look like. It will have a similar percentage of CRE, C&I mortgage consumer balances is what we did pre-Hudson City, and that's the transition that we are executing right now of converting that thrift into a commercial bank. And you know, I think like we talked about earlier, the good news on that portfolio was, as it continues to decline, the headwind, if you will, of the dollars running off, will start to get smaller, as that portfolio gets smaller. And that should help with loan growth, on an absolute basis, on total balance sheet.
Darren King: Sure. So our ability to engage in those kinds of dialogs and thoughts has improved, and we are certainly open to having those conversations. It takes both a willing buyer, which we are, and a willing seller, so not sure where the world stands from that perspective. But when we look at things that we would be open to discussing, certainly whole bank mergers would make sense, but we are also -- given the construct of the bank, and how it has changed over the last few years, our field of play is a little bit wider, and we continue to look at mortgage servicing, as a place where we can [indiscernible], and then obviously in the fee businesses, our wealth business, and our institutional custody businesses are places that we like the returns, and we like our position and we will be open to talking about those as well. So the spectrum is a little broader than it was before, and our interest and ability is kind of back to pretty much where it was before. But we have got to keep our eye on prices and our criteria hasn't changed from what it was before, and that is that we always look at what the return -- primarily, interior rate of return on those deals is, and is that at a rate that's higher than our long term cost of capital, and what impact would it have on our earnings per share and our book value per share, and how long could we pay it back. And all those numbers have to work, along with having a willing seller. So definitely, interested in conversations, but nothing -- really, nothing to report either.
Darren King: I guess -- I think there is probably a number of things that tend to make people interested in considering a partnership. The loan growth is one of them. Expense management is another one that's out there too. When you look at banking and the cost of complying with regulation, and as you get closer to those key thresholds, either $10 billion or $50 billion, that has a material impact on our bank's cost infrastructure. Not to mention the pace of technology and the ability to spread those costs over a bigger revenue pool, makes people little bit more interested. On the counter side, credit is as good as it has been, and earnings are pretty high, which means valuations tend to be high. So to the extent there is a seller that's looking at that, if they want to get paid upfront, that's a little tougher. If they want to be long term partners and investors along with us, those are the kind of things that we have tended to do, and both sides have tended to benefit quite nicely from those kinds of combinations.
Darren King: Sure Geoff. So we are certainly pleased with the strength of the capital ratios, and as we pointed out numerous times over the last few quarters, that when we look at our consistency of earnings and credit quality and the little volatility that we think we should be running with those ratios much lower than where they are. And this year's results are not just the balance sheet decline per se, but when we talk about the mix of those commercial real estate loans and the shift, that has a big impact on risk weighted assets, which is helping that ratio. Not to mention, the fact that credit and earnings are so strong, it is helping build capital. That said to your question, we have mentioned before, that there is a resubmission process that the Federal Reserve has, but anything that is done with the Fed is a non-public event. So we don't have anything to say on that front.
Darren King: I think, it's obviously -- your target ratio is a function of the risk in the balance sheet and the mix of the assets that are on there. That said, when we look at where we stand versus the peer group, and given our history, we think we should be operating at the low end of the peer group. And that can be a bit of a moving target, that every bank I think has -- I know, has to have an internal target, and I suspect they are all running above that, and one of the things that's watched very closely is, your capital ratios relative to your peers. And for us, we think the write-in -- right spot for us, given our history of credit quality and stability of PPNR that we should run at the bottom end of the peer group.
Darren King: It's a great question, and we are really close. So if you recall, back a year ago, we would talk about core margin compression of kind of 2 to 3 basis points a quarter. And if we look at where, roll forward 12 months at the mix of what's rolling off or the pace of what's rolling off compared to what's rolling on and the stability we have had in spreads over that time period, it's really close. So we are probably about a difference of one to two basis points, and we don't need much difference, much of an uptick in the spread. It's really the spread, right, that matters; before that neutralizes and becomes less of an impact.
Darren King: Sure. So I guess there is a couple of things. Number one is just the approved pipeline. And when we look at the approved pipeline coming into the fourth quarter compared to what we saw going into the second and third, it's higher by probably round numbers 15%, 20%, and that's a very good leading indicator. It has been our history that those tend to show up on the balance sheet, with a two to 2.5 month lag, and because that's up, we are feeling more confident that we will start to see it convert on to the balance sheet. But the wildcard is, is obviously the paydown activity. And when we look year-over-year, we saw a fairly active paydown from our customers in the second quarter. But as the quarter came to a close, that seemed to be moderating somewhat. So when we put the two together, we feel a little more optimistic. We feel certainly better from the origination side and believe that the paydowns and payoffs will start to temper a little bit and the combination will lead to a little bit of asset growth, ex the Hudson City runoff portfolio in the fourth quarter.
Darren King: Sure. It's generally Marty, just lower charge-offs in general, not offset by recoveries this quarter. As we talked about pay-offs and paydowns, one of the nice things about this is, that they don't just affect the business that is performing, sometimes they affect your criticized assets as well. And so we had a very strong charge-off quarter, but it was not the result of outsized recoveries this quarter. Those recoveries are pretty consistent with what we have been seeing all year.
Darren King: The big drivers there Marty were really loan related fees, syndication fees and other advisory fees as well as some of the kind of letter of credit fees. And as the -- we saw a little bit of a slowdown in the loan book, we saw a slowdown in the fee activity, they tend to go together. Not to mention, in the second quarter, we had a really outsized performance in the syndication books. So quarter-over-quarter, they looked a little bit -- it's short of a big decline. Probably, if you are thinking about going forward, if you take third and second quarter and average them, you are probably in a better spot.
Darren King: So we will talk about 2018 in January. But if you look at the average of the last, probably eight quarters, if not 12, we have been pretty consistently between 18 and 20 basis points of charge-offs. We had one quarter, where I think we went to 22. I think we did have one other quarter, where we did have a bunch of recoveries, where it was 11. But generally, even in that range, and I think that's probably a safe range to be thinking about, at least for the next quarter.
Darren King: Sure. So I guess, in general, if you look at our history through time with M&A, we have been pretty opportunistic. And when you look at our field of play, it's pretty much anywhere where we do business today and states that are contiguous to that. We have tended to always be in footprint or somewhat overlapping in a contiguous footprint. It has not been our history to add a bank, let's say in the Midwest, where it's not connected to our footprint. Generally, we like things that are close by, for two main reasons; one is, it tends to be -- give us a chance to leverage our brand. But more importantly, it allows us to leverage our people. And one of the most important ingredients we believe to our success, is the leadership in the folks of the bank which bring that culture, particularly our credit culture and our expense culture to that new institution, and therefore proximity helps us leverage our management resources into those acquired operations. When you look across the footprint, we are interested in pretty much any geography. And really the challenge on size is in any acquisition that needs to be big enough to have an impact on your financials, such that it's worth the investment that you make to complete an acquisition, and on the upper bound, it can't be so big that you can't manage the risk of combining the two organizations. Not to give hard numbers, but our history has been that generally, we'd like things that are 20% to a third or 40% of our size, but we have done smaller, and where it makes sense in footprint, where it's a strong combination, and where the returns make sense, we are definitely open to it and we have done those. So it's a little bit big, but that's kind of generally how we look at things, and we will pretty much talk to anybody, if they have got a compelling story to think. And our return measures, I mentioned earlier, I will reiterate them. We are looking for combinations, where the value created is -- results in a return that's greater than our long term cost to capital. So number one thing is being earning a return for our shareholders, and part of the other metrics that we look at, that help us feel comfortable with that are the dilution or a lack thereof, hopefully, to earnings per share and tangible book value per share. And then we look at the payback period, and obviously, the faster the better, because you are more certain with the cash flows that you project one year out compared to the ones that you project five years out. So there is not one metric necessarily that we hold more dear than the others. But if you make that combination of metrics work, you tend to have good success.
Darren King: So I guess, if you think about the first quarter of 2018 and you think about the NIM expansion. We have mentioned through the last number of quarters, that 25 basis points tends to be worth about six to 10 basis points on the NIM, and obviously that range is affected by deposit betas and pricing changes. And when we look forward, we think that that still holds for the next 25, which we will get beyond, I am not sure. But that should give you a good range, under which to think, at least through the end of the year.
Darren King: I did mention that, and it was mostly just making sure that there were no surprises for you all, when you look through the numbers. They are up a little bit versus second quarter, but when you look compared to where we ended 2016, they are actually going to be below that. So certainly don't read this as the sky is falling, we are not trying to be chicken little here, more just transparent. When we look through the criticized book and some of the changes and much like our loan trends, there is nothing specific that we are seeing. There is nothing that we are seeing in terms of any industry concentration, any geographic concentration. It's just -- if there is anything that kind of tends to pop up and this is a small piece. So again, let's not overreact, is balance sheets, where companies tend to be highly leveraged. And when you end up in some of those highly leveraged transactions, those present a little bit more risk. But it's not enough for us to ring the alarm bell. But if there is anything that kind of jumps out, it's that kind of thing. But overall, the change in criticized is fairly broad based.
Darren King: I mentioned before, we are doing our work on the 2018 operating plan, and we will be back in January with some better outlook for you. But in general, when we look at the cost of compliance and the like, in our income statement. The increase that we experience going through the written agreement, is largely baked into our run rate now. And there shouldn't be any large increases as a result of that. We are hopeful that as we continue to hone our operations and get more effective at it, that we can manage the growth in those. But when you look at our expense base, and you got a half to slightly more as people expenses, and with what's going on in labor markets and salary increases, that there is just going to be some upward pressure on that. We think that's manageable. But it's probably going to be difficult to see that go down.
