Darren King: Sure. So there's a bunch of questions in there. I apologize, I didn't write them all down. So if I missed one, well we can come back to it at the end.
Darren King: One question with 12 parts. That's fine. So on margin for the second quarter, we are anticipating a little expansion in the second quarter, and that's largely the result of having a full quarter's worth of the increase that happened in March with the Fed. So we didn't get the full quarter impact in the first quarter and we expect some of that to bleed into the second quarter. When we look at the components of the margin, obviously, we're very pleased with how the margin went in the first quarter and how things reacted. Obviously, between the day count and cash balances, that was 10 basis points of the increase, right? So I kind of look at this more as 16 versus 26. And then, when you break those two down between the impact of funding costs and the repricing of the assets, the asset repricing, in effect, was about 12 basis points, which isn't far from what we've been signaling in terms of six to ten for a 25 basis point increase from the Fed. Your specific question about deposits, when we look at where deposit pricing was in the quarter, what was helpful for us, as you could see in the numbers, is we continue to work through the Hudson City time deposit book. And we started that, really, in August, September of 2016. And you can only reprice that as fast as those time deposits mature. And when we look at the pace of maturities of those deposits, it is roughly the same. It runs kind of about $100 million a week. There might be a couple of weeks where we have some big repricing. But what we've seen is the average rate at which things are repricing from has come down in the last six months. So the amount of decrease we can get, we're starting to get lower, or it could get smaller through time, but we still think there's a little bit of opportunity for repricing there. In terms of noninterest-bearing, I think, as we see some of those time deposits choose not to renew as time deposits, they're going liquid, some of that ends up in money market, some of that ends up and now in DDA while customers are deciding what to do. And then the other part of the interest-bearing to keep in mind is commercial balances, right? And commercial balances, we haven't seen as much pressure on pricing yet as what we anticipated. There's more there than there is on the consumer side, but not what we anticipated. And time will tell whether that mix is able to stay where it is today. Our expectation is that it will start to shift and that those balances will start to move likely into the money funds. But the money fund industry has changed since the crisis, and the rates that you can get on government funds, which is where that money would likely go, haven't moved enough yet for that to move. So that's an indicator that we keep an eye on to gauge what we think might happen to those noninterest-bearing deposits.
Darren King: Yes. It's basically predominantly a first quarter event, because that's when most of our equity compensation is paid and invested. However, there are still some stock options that are outstanding, that are now in the money that will expire over the next 12 months. And as people exercise those options, there's the opportunity for there to be what's known as a disqualifying disposition, which can help lower the tax rate. But by and large, I would tend to think of it as predominantly a first quarter event with a little bit of noise in the other quarters, but shouldn't move the earnings as much as what happened this quarter.
Darren King: Yes. So the thing to keep in mind, Ken, as you think through this, is this quarter was large because of the material increase in the stock price at the end of the year. And the way it works is it's the difference between the share price when it is issued and the price when it vests. So when you have a big gain when the price at vesting is higher than the price at its issuance, that increases your expenses and reduces your tax liability. The reverse can also happen, right? So if the stock happens to be lower at vesting date than what it was when it was issued, then your expense will go down and your tax liability will go up, right? So what the effect this is going to have – it’s not really changing what’s happening in actuality, it’s just where on the financial statements it’s happening. It used to go through OCI and hit the equity line, and now it’s going through the income statement. So it’s going to create that volatility. It can move things positively or negatively, and it will tend to be disproportionately in the first quarter of the year for M&T.
Darren King: Okay. Boy, this – you guys really learn from Don about asking one question with multiple parts. So on residential real estate, we’ll start with that. If you look at the pace of decline in those balances, we do expect it to moderate somewhat as we go through the year, but that will be a function of where interest rates move and, in particular, the 30-year. The book is also getting smaller. So the percentage pay-down as a percentage of a smaller balance will also come down. We had kind of run in the range of $900 million a quarter through 2016. I think we’re a little under that this quarter, around $800 million. We do expect that to start to slow down as we go through 2017. To give an exact number, obviously, is a little difficult given where pay-downs are, but I would be thinking, I guess, in the kind of $600 million to $800 million a quarter range would probably be a good starting point. When we talk about C&I lending for the quarter, demand was strongest kind of along the eastern seaboard. And if you look really from New York down through Philadelphia, Baltimore, Greater Washington, that tended to be where the bulk of the activity was. Certain sectors were particularly strong. Accommodation and food services were fairly strong, as was some health care and social assistance sectors. When we look at the pipeline that we have, the pipeline is actually reasonably strong. It’s within the range of where it was at the first quarter of last year, we’re just not seeing people go to actually take out the loans. So we have approved loans on the books or in the pipeline, and we’re waiting for customers to actually go through with those borrowings. When we talk about commercial real estate and what’s going on there, probably the biggest thing that we’re starting to see is within our construction book, that we had an increase in construction balances during 2016, the result of loans that were originated during 2015 as well as early 2016. And as those projects reach completion, then they will become permanent mortgages, either with us or with someone else. And if we – if you see some slowdown in absolute commercial real estate growth, which we kind of expected this year, it’s being driven substantially by a reduction in construction balances.
Darren King: On average balances, and that’ll be across everything. So C&I, CRE, consumer and residential real estate.
Darren King: Well, we are now substantially complete in our work on the AML/BSA in the written agreement, and we are having our work reviewed by a regulator and hope that they will agree that we’ve done everything we said we would in the time frame, and that we’ll be hopeful for a positive outcome sometime this year.
Darren King: Sure. So if you look at what’s been going on, just to kind of step back and talk about what’s happening with customer behavior and transaction patterns at branches, we’ve seen a slowdown in teller-assisted transactions primarily for consumers over the course of the last four years. And that migration started actually four years ago, five years ago when we started to deploy image enabled ATMs. And the pace of decline for consumer transactions has averaged kind of 8% to 10% per year decrease for consumer teller-assisted transactions. When we look at small business, it was also a very important part of our customer segment and active users of the branch, their transaction patterns have also decreased but at a much slower pace. It’s kind of running 2% per year. So the weighted average decrease is in the 6% to 8% range. If we look at how we continue to invest in alternative channels for our customers, obviously, last year, we updated the website and online access through any device, be it your PC, your tablet or your mobile phone. The foundation for those interactions was from that upgrade that we made to the website. We also, in the last quarter of last year, introduced our updated mobile app that also included mobile check deposit, and we’ve seen strong adoption of the app and strong ratings online. I think the average review is between 4 and 5 of that app and transaction activity there continues to increase. When we look at where early movement is happening on the mobile app, it is shifting as much or more from the ATM and ATM deposits to the mobile device as opposed to from the teller line to the mobile device.
Darren King: Right. That’s the right way to think about it. We – each 25 basis point increase from the Fed should be in that range that you quoted on an annual basis. And when we run our estimates, we do include some deposit pricing reactivity. And the more reactivity there is, you get closer to the lower end of that range and the less there is, obviously, you get to the higher end of that range. But it does tend to be front-loaded as you pointed out, because the assets reprice instantly off the index and the deposits take a little longer to reprice.
Darren King: Yes. For us, in particular, we’re much more sensitive on the asset side to the short end of the curve.
Darren King: I guess the biggest factor was just the reinvestment activity and what was rolling off and the rates we were able to get with what we were reinvesting in. If you look at where we had been historically, it was largely a mix of 2-year treasuries and 15-year mortgage-backed securities. And if you look in the quarter, I think we did a little bit more MBS than we had previously, and we did a little bit more of 30-year MBS in proportion to what we had done in the past. But in general, when we look at the duration, the duration is relatively stable. It might be up a couple of months, but we haven’t been looking to extend duration. That’s not typically how we think about the securities book.
Darren King: When I look at where we’ve been, when I talk about that 6 to 10 in relation to the increase from the Fed, that’s more on the asset side of the book and looking at our lending side and how – with the mix of assets that reprice off of LIBOR in relation to the deposit base, the impact of securities yields can move that around a little bit quarter-to-quarter, but not more than 1 to 2 basis points. So I – no, I wouldn’t look at the reinvestment risk and/or the potential pricing we get from reinvesting the securities as having a material impact on that 6 to 10.
Darren King: I think we’ve been pretty consistent in that range. That number dropped down probably to its lowest levels, for us in the last 12 months last summer, post Brexit. But generally, right around $16 billion, I think, is where we would look to maintain it. Obviously, we’ll adjust that depending on where we need to be for the LCR, but that’s probably pretty good range as our target area as you roll forward.
Darren King: Sure. So when we look at the 6 to 10 guideline that we’ve given for 25 basis points, we definitely saw some of the March hike in the margin in the first quarter. But again, because it kind of came so late in the quarter, we didn’t see the full impact of that 6 to 10 in the quarter, so that’s why we think there’s some modest expansion still out there for the second quarter of 2017. When we look at the funding mix, you’ll note when we went through the discussion of the margin earlier on in the call and we talked about 4 basis points of the 26 being on the funding mix, we had some long-term funding that rolled off in the first quarter that, because of where the balance sheet was, we didn’t need to replace at that time. But as we go through the second quarter, we have some other maturities that we’ll be needing to fund in all likelihood during the second quarter. And depending on whether we go 5-year or 3-year, fixed or floating obviously will impact where the margin ends up in the second quarter. But it shouldn’t be a material impact given where it looks like spreads are right now compared to what we think is rolling off.
Darren King: Sure. So just on vehicle resale values, when we look at where the prices are coming in so far this year, they’re down a little bit, but when we look at our loan-to-value when we originate loans, particularly in the auto space, we tend to be fairly conservative as well as the customer base that we have in the indirect auto space also is very prime-oriented. I think our average FICO score there is above 700. In fact, I think it’s more like in the 730 range. So when we look at the vehicle prices, it’s certainly a risk out there, but given how big indirect is as a part of our balance sheet and then the type of customer base that we have, we don’t view that as a risk on the credit side, at least not when the – we see causing a lot of pain from a credit perspective. When you look in the commercial loan space and you look at retail, when we would consider, I guess, true retail like shopping malls and strip plazas and that kind of thing, we wouldn’t view it as $4 billion; we would view it as less, more like $1.5 billion. And it’s something that we’re paying attention to. When you look at retail, there’s certainly certain chains that are exposed. From our experience when we look at retail real estate, what we found is that the A properties, top-level malls, have been doing okay and those have been performing well. And now surprisingly, a lot of the strip malls, which should almost be considered the C plazas, tend to be performing okay. It’s the ones in the middle that seem to be struggling the most. And when we look from our book and what we have, we feel very comfortable with the exposure that we have there, because we tend to be in the A or C space. And as a percentage of our book, it tends to be a smaller percentage, almost like the auto. My comment about credit was more just a reminder that, where we are in the cycle, we’re at the low. And if there’s a bias in anything that’s likely to happen, there’s – it’s more likely that things will get worse. We’re hopeful that the economy and the GDP keeps growing and that the changes that have been expected come to fruition, but it’s our conservative nature to always be thinking more about where the downside can come from and managing that rather than counting on things to get better.
Darren King: Erika, I guess the way to think about it is that we’re thinking low single digit in total earning assets, and that will be comprised of decreasing residential real estate assets in the range that we had talked about before. Obviously, that will move faster or slower, depending on where interest rates fall, particularly the 30-year. And we still anticipate low single-digit to mid-single digit growth in C&I and CRE as well as the other consumer loan categories. So that those – the combination of those four would end up with low single-digit total earning asset growth over the course of the year on an average basis.
Darren King: That’s a great question and one of much debate even internally that when you look back over the course of the last 12 months, I think our high was $12 billion, and that was when we had slowed down some of the reinvestment of the securities book that was paying off in the low rate environment. And we happen to have some increases in mortgage escrow balances as well as very active trust demand customer base. I think that number, if you just look historically, does have the most volatility and therefore creates that volatility in the printed margin. If I was looking at a range, I don’t think 6 is a bad number. I would target 5 to 7, somewhere in there is probably a good starting point. But as we’ve seen in the past, that number can move around a little bit from month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter.
Darren King: Sure. So let me make sure I clarify the comment. Our pipeline of approved loans is approximately where it was in the first quarter of last year. So we haven’t seen the pipeline deteriorate materially, but we’ve seen people not following through to date and accepting those loans and moving forward. In general, when we talk to our RMs and talk to the customers, I think the general sentiment is one of optimism, but they’re in kind of a wait-and-see mode. And they’re just waiting, I think, for more certainty about which direction the administration is going to go and their ability to follow through on some of the promises around managing the costs of employees through things like the Affordable Care Act, but also some of the changes to minimum wage and overtime benefits from the FLSA. We are hearing things about fiscal policy and whether that will pull through and when, which I think it’s more a question of when and less a question of if. And it’s those kinds of things that tend to be on the minds of – the tax reform is another thing that’s on our customers’ minds. So it’s all the things that tend to be in the news. And the issue is – it isn’t that optimism has waned, maybe a little bit, but it’s more wait-and-see is kind of the feel that we get from our customers.
Darren King: Yes. Line utilization in the first quarter was just around 55%, slightly under. And when we look at where that is historically, it’s towards the higher end of what we’ve seen over the course of the last couple of years.
Darren King: So when we look at noninterest-bearing deposits and when we look at New Jersey in particular, we are seeing some growth there, but it’s very modest. Most of our growth in New Jersey on the start has been on the asset side rather than on the liabilities side. We are seeing some migration of those time deposits into nonmaturities, either money markets or NOW accounts predominantly. When we look at that – the NOW accounts and DDA, there’s a few things that are going on in there. So last year, we were able to increase those balances through the mortgage servicing business that we increased with our partner Bayview and Lakeview. And those balances will move around based on their business, but those are also priced closer to markets. So our ability to maintain those will be a function of the rate that we pay, and the rate that we're paying there is certainly competitive and higher than what we're paying in general. Within the DDA book, there's a sizable percentage that is commercial, and those commercial balances have been on the books since the crisis. And as our customers continue to manage their business, they're managing cash and holding it on the balance sheet. They haven't redeployed it yet. And as we mentioned before, we're watching that because, as you point out, those will be more rate sensitive. But it's always going to be in proportion or in relation to what alternative they have to use that money for. So some of it, we think, will turn to plant equipment at some point and some of it will go into higher-earning assets like the funds. And then the other part of those non-interest bearing deposits that can move around from time to time is what comes in through trust demand balances from our fiduciary business, our global capital markets business and customers doing debt offerings or M&A activity. So those are kind of the things that create some of the movement in those balances. It's definitely, to your point, something that we're paying a lot of attention to because those balances obviously affect our liquidity coverage ratio and will affect our need for funding, depending on what happens with asset growth. And if there's a place where margin can be impacted negatively, that's definitely a place that we're paying attention to.
Darren King: We've seen some of it in our New York City, Philadelphia, Tarrytown marketplace, what we would refer to as kind of our metro markets, is where we've seen some good balance growth. And then, obviously, we've seen it generally across the board. I think, across all markets, we were up about 8%, but those were standouts. I mean New Jersey was a large percentage growth. But as I kind of remind people, it's off a small base, so it's not really what's driving the overall balance growth. But it's generally across the board for those customers. And we also see it from some of our commercial real estate customers as well.
Darren King: We would continue to believe that the low end of that range is the right place to be thinking for the full year. Obviously, we got the rate hike in March. When we were looking in January, there was 2 hikes anticipated. So I guess we're up to 3. So we would be right in that range at this point, absent any other increases. But we've been very focused on making sure that expense growth stays contained and within the range that we had talked about, such that when we do get these increases in rates and we're able to grow our fee income that we should see the efficiency ratio at the bottom end of that range. And with any luck, it might dip a little bit below the bottom end, but that remains to be seen throughout the year. But I think that's good guidance.
Darren King: Just to remind you, last year's first quarter did have Hudson City in for the whole quarter. We closed in the fourth quarter of 2015, and it was the fourth quarter that had 1 month in. What we did have in the first quarter of last year were some merger-related expenses, some onetimes. I think the number's about $14 million that were in there. So if you look at where we were in the fourth quarter and you back out the seasonal compensation, that's roughly where we would expect to be in the second quarter. We might see a little bit of movement in professional services, but we wouldn't expect too much. But otherwise, the first quarter minus the seasonal comp ought to be the range for the upcoming quarters.
Darren King: Sure. So I guess when we look at the cash that's on the balance sheet, there's – we try to remind ourselves and everyone that there's really 3 components to the cash that's on our balance sheet. A bunch of it is related to the servicing business and those P&I payments and as they grow during the month, we invest that cash with the Fed because we have to remit those balances to the mortgage servicing or to the owner of the assets. When we also look in the cash balances, you see some of those trust demand balances, and again, those are short term in nature, so those sit at the Fed. And then there's the remaining, which is really for LCR purposes. And so to be that incremental piece that we would look to manage a little bit tighter, and I think we would look at the amount of securities that we then hold, back to that question. I think that the trick, Gerard, is, in the short term, obviously, we would be below that SIFI designation but with aspirations to move towards that $250 billion mark. So just like with the CCAR and the stress test and many of the parts of begging that have been added, you don't want to tear everything down to 0 as you're on your path to those asset thresholds to only have to start over again when you get there. So I think we would look to manage down the cash a little bit, manage down the securities portfolio, but I don't think we will go all the way back to where we were pre-crisis. I don't think that's a place where we can probably expect to run the bank again.
Darren King: Sure. So I guess when we look at where we've seen the most active pricing on the deposit side, it's been in the time deposit space, and it's been in kind of the 12-month time frame. When we look at the shorter end of the CD market, it's been reasonably competitive, and it tends to price a little bit above where non-maturity deposits are pricing, but the competition there hasn't been tremendous. And when you go further up the curve, in the 2-year to 5-year space, rates just haven't moved up far enough for customers to be willing to lock up their money for that time period. So you've seen most of the action in the 12-month space on the consumer side. The one thing that is a little bit different this time, I wouldn't call it a New York City phenomenon per se or a New York state phenomenon, but more what's going on with online. Lenders, the Allieds, the Capital One 136s of the world, the MXs. Of course, it tends to be the credit card-oriented banks that have the higher margins to pay, but that's where there's been a little bit more competition this time around compared to what we might have seen last time. And on commercial balances, depending on the size of the institution that you're dealing with, the bigger ones obviously are much more active at managing their excess cash and looking to get a return because they have treasures that are focused on those things. As you move down the spectrum, it's something that our customers worry about, but their choices have tended to be either in their DDA to offset fees or sweeping those balances into the funds. And again, the fund reform has changed that equation a little bit. I just think rates need to go a little bit higher before we start to see more movement there, because the alternative isn't worth the change so far. And the other thing that we haven't seen yet for us, and I don't think, talking to others in the industry, they've seen it as the impact of the repeal of Reg Q and the ability to pay interest on commercial deposits. That's something that's different from where we were pre-crisis and hasn't really played itself out yet. So I think there's a bunch of factors that are at play, particularly as it relates to commercial deposits, and we've got our eye on it, and we're looking through what alternatives we have to make sure we meet our customers' needs
Darren King: Not that I can speak to. But our presence in Metro New York and Manhattan is relatively small, so in the grand scheme of where we have deposit pricing, it's not really impacting. And obviously, across the river in New Jersey, we've got just a whole different starting point there that we are towards the higher end, and we're bringing that down.
