Darren King: Sure, Ken. When -- what’s happened in the first quarter is pretty consistent with how we expected the year would unfold. When we were looking at 2018 it was our view that the trends that we have seen in the back half of 2017 would start to moderate a little bit meaning that the paydowns would likely slow down a little bit but not enough for the originations to materially outrun them and we see kind of slower growth in the first half of the year and it would pick up in the back half of the year as the impact of the -- most importantly the tax changes goes through and businesses have a better sense of where GDP is heading and how they choose to invest. It seems like there has been more optimism within our customer base since the tax reform. I guess the only thing that’s dampened that a little bit of late has been some of the trade and tariff conservation that’s going on, and I think there’s a little bit of uncertainty now based on those comments there or those actions that are ongoing. But overall the mood is definitely more positive than what we saw in the second half of last year and where the first quarter ended up is very consistent with our expectations that we had coming into 2018.
Darren King: So those equity securities are almost entirely [GSE] preferred so Fannie and Freddie, those are securities that we’ve had since I think about 2007 and we wrote them down pretty dramatically in ‘09 or ‘10, I have to get the exact date for you, but they are pretty much fully written down. When we were going through the fourth quarter of last year and looking at the changes to the tax law, we sold down a substantial portion of those but we kept a little bit because of where the pricing had moved and where we thought the real value was. So, there’s a little bit left over and it’s down to an all book value maybe $18 million, no less than that $9 million, the current value I think is around $18 million. So, there’s not a lot of downside in the valuation and if get some [GSE] reform we see investment will payoff down the road.
Darren King: So, John on deposit balances and movements in the quarter there are three factors, one of the trust-related and two of them related to commercial. So, trust demand balances as you guys know move around quite a bit depending on the activity in the capital markets and it was a little bit slower in the first quarter than what we had seen in the fourth quarter which that moves a reasonable amount from one quarter to the next depending on what’s going on. Within the commercial book we do see a seasonal decline in commercial deposit balances usually every first quarter, what tends to happen as commercial companies will build up their deposit balances going into the fourth quarter as they prepare for their distributions to their principles and to employees, and as that gets paid out you see those balances go down. We are starting to see a little bit more interest in suite balances, as rates have moved up, corporate treasures have shown a little more interest in managing the return that they're getting on their balances, you’re seeing that in some movement into suite and discussions about that, some movements and rates and the combination of those two things commercial, and trust-related deposits that move the non-interest-bearing down in the first quarter. As we look forward, we also see in some of our interest-bearing checking accounts, likely some movement there in the future quarters related to escrow balances where we are expecting some of those escrow balances to move from M&T to other organizations which those balances we pay pretty much Fed funds on them and so will replace them with a like deposit instrument at a similar cost so we are not anticipating any change materially to our cost of funds, but there will be some geography movement in terms of where the balances fit on the balance sheet the in future quarters.
Darren King: That's the best way to think about it John and when we talked about this on the fourth quarter so whole of the litigation reserve to decide. What we had talked about was kind of what we would describe as normal quarterly expenses which tend to appear most in the second and third quarter. And if you annualize those and kind of grew those around 2% and then add-on the seasonal compensation cost that we just discussed and happen in the first quarter, which they always do that was the math behind the expense number and the target.
Darren King: So, Ken, when you think about the earning assets, it can be a little tricky quarter-to-quarter just because of the dollars that sit at the fed that are trust related and we’ve seen some large moves quarter-to-quarter on those that they can move by $1 billion or $2 billion at the end of 2016. They actually move by $2 billion or $3 billion a quarter. So, if we hold those to the site because they are a little bit less predictable and we just look at the lending and loan balances were close to the bottom. I don't know that we are quite there yet but we are close. And the reason I'm not quite calling the bottom right now is depending on the rate of pickup in commercial loan growth. So, we saw some nice uptick in commercial real estate balances this quarter and we saw C&I balances kind of flatten out which is a good thing, but in aggregate, we've got the runoff of that residential real estate portfolio. And just the normal amortization and paydown, which looks like we've been seeing over the last few quarters around 13% to 14% annualized until that portfolio gets a little bit smaller the dollars that we need to add in other categories meaning in C&I and CRE or another consumer loans needs to be $600 million a quarter is for us to see absolute growth in total loan balances. And it's the combination of those factors. I think we are close. If we get a little bit more uptick in investing activity in our commercial customers and commercial real estate then I think we will see that turn sooner. And if not then we will probably be flattish through the year, which is why we gave the overall guidance for the year of flat to kind of low single-digits.
Darren King: Sure, as we look forward at the net interest income and future fed moves, what's left in the forward curves today I think is an increase in late summer, mid to late summer and one right at the end of the year. So, the one of the end of the year will have not a material impact on our net interest income for the year. So, there is one more rate increase. I think when we originally came into 2018, we were expecting two; one of which we thought would happen in January and it happened in December, so the rate of increase in fed funds rates is a little bit faster than what we thought. And as long as we can maintain loan balances in line with the guidance that we gave and what we have seen so far there is probably a little bit more upside in net interest income. But I wouldn't think a ton. We don’t anticipate seeing as much of a gain in dollars and net interest income in 2018 as we saw in 2017.
Darren King: Sure. So, technology spend has been increasing at the bank pretty consistently for the last 3 to 5 years certainly over the last 4. When we look back at where we have spent in our trajectory into 2018. In total, our IT spend has been growing 10% to 13% a year. That's both on new technology as well as on maintaining plant and equipment. When you think about the categories that we're investing in, is very broad. I tend to think about it in terms of customer facing tools that we're investing in, we've talked about our mobile app and upgrades we've made to the mobile app and the website. This year we'll see Zelle go live late second quarter early third quarter. We're making some improvements to the tools that our commercial customers use for their cash management. So, things to help make it easier for customers to work with the bank. We're investing in employee enabling tools, we're making major investment in our commercial loan origination systems, which are intended to help the RMs spend less time in front of their computers doing loan spreads and putting packages together and get them more time to be with customers helping advise them on their business needs. In the consumer space, we're improving our account opening tools and procedures so that the amount of time it takes to open the checking account or credit card account can be dramatically reduced so that our team members can spend more time giving advice to customer during that interaction rather than taking information and preparing the application. And then there is investments that we're making in infrastructure that we need to make just because we're a bank. We've been investing a lot in data quality and our data warehouse. We of course invest in privacy and cybersecurity to make sure that we're buttoned down. And when you add up investments along those dimensions, that's where we've been investing our technology dollars and will continue to. What has been happening though, it's a wash in the expense numbers is that as we make those improvements or we think those investments there are other parts of the bank where we're becoming more efficient. Where it changes the process and business model are helping us reduce our costs and therefore you don't see it's clearly in the numbers the big spike in technology investment. And I think the other thing that we've talked about before is you don't tend to see that big spike, because for us, we are very measured in the space at which we deploy new technology and we find that that's an important way to minimize the risk and it minimizes risk in two fashions the less change you introduced to the system or at least more measured you are. If something goes wrong, it's easy to correct and fix and identify. Because there is only a couple of things that have changed in any given time. And the other important aspect of risk management is the change that you introduced to your employees and to your customers. Too much change all at once can cause service disruptions or can cause short term pain while employees adapt to the new way of doing business. And for that reason, we try to be very measured and consistent in terms of the pace in which we're investing in and deploying new technology.
Darren King: Sure. So, where we sit with our CET1 ratio today is I would say middle-ish of the peer group based on where we saw everyone’s CET1 ratios through the end of last year. And we’ve talked about for the last few years, our objective is to operate towards the bottom end of that peer range. That’s a bit of a moving target. But when we look at as you pointed out, our business model and the strength and lack of volatility in our earnings, we think that that’s a good targeted place for us to be. As the rules get sorted out and the changes come through as we see the changes that were proposed by the fed last week as well as the bill in the house right now, as more clarity comes from those bills and the direction, we will obviously continue to asses where we are operating and what we think makes sense for M&T.
Darren King: Sure. So, based on our conversations with our C&I customers in particular over the last 90 or so days, we mentioned that there’s been a definite movement up in terms of their optimism and there has been more discussion with our relationship managers about investment in property, plant and equipment. So those discussions are starting which I take as a positive sign because that hadn’t been the case during 2017 and before. So, I think there’s a little bit more optimism that GDP growth rates will stick where they are at least for a long enough time horizon to get customers comfortable, making those investments and adding back that fixed expense so to speak to their income statements. So definitely a little more positivity and we’re optimistic that that will translate into some more loan demand as we go through the year.
Darren King: During the quarter we saw some uptick in commitments, probably saw a little more increase in the rate of utilization and then the rate of commitment during the first quarter but that’s not atypical.
Darren King: Sure. Deposits competition I would say is starting to show signs of moving. It depends again on which category we’re looking at. If we look at our wealth business and affluent customers, pricing has mattered to them and their advisors for a long period of time and nothing is really new there other than the absolute rate as the -- as fed funds move. In the commercial space, we are definitely seeing business treasures thinking a lot more about how they're getting paid for their excess balances and there is more conversation about what kind of earnings credit rates are appropriate given the balances that they have and the discussions of moving more balances and the suite is those conversations are happening more frequently than they were two quarters ago. So, you can see, you can see that coming. On the consumer side when we look at what's going on there. There continues to be less action in interest checking and savings and decidedly less in the money market space with the exception of the online banks, but that from our experience is pretty typical for this point in the cycle that when rates start to move up the action tends to be in certificates of deposit, and that's where we've kind of seen most of the competition we’ve talked a little bit about that over the last couple of quarters, that so far the price competition has tended to be at the shorter end of the curve where there is some steepness, it’s tended to be 12 months or less we start to see a little bit of creep towards 18 months CD prices, but otherwise not much at the longer end of the curve, given the relative flatness of it, so those are kind of the places I think we’re starting to see it and when we run our sensitivity models we think in 25 basis point increments, so we are about where we thought we'd be maybe slightly slower with the last 25 basis points, but you can definitely feel things are starting to get little closer to when we'll see a turn.
Darren King: I think each one is appearing to be unique on to itself but we continue to believe that somewhere in that range is the right place for the next 25 and likely the 25 after that if something changes will let you know but, I think that’s a good expectation.
Darren King: Sure. I guess as we look at our capital position and we think about where we sit, well we start from a macro perspective, which is we want to deploy that capital obviously in the business. And the best way to deploy it is through customer growth and loan growth, which we know where that's been through the last few quarters, although we did see some uptick we always think about how much capital will need not just but what we have on the balance sheet today but future growth. And then after that we have access and the question then is how best to deploy between dividends and share repurchases or special dividend, when you look at our dividend rate now its set to increase by $0.05 per share this quarter that was approved in last year's capital plan. But after the tax rate changes our dividend payout ratio is going to be below probably 20% around 25% maybe slightly below 25% and we have historically been higher than that in kind of 27% to 33% range. So, we should expect some movement there. And then we've got what's left over, but we've never been an organization that has held onto excess capital just in case. And if there is no loan growth then the only other place to deploy it is on M&A, and given the prices of other organizations and the risk involved that we think is a better risk return trade-off right now for us to buy back our own stock than it is to either sit on it or go chasing Phil advised deals. And so that's how we think through our buyback from the top of the house and where we get to on our decision to deploy and to buy.
Darren King: Sure, so on the debt side that easy, it’s all been swapped, the floating and it’s based on three months. And when you look at the asset side of the balance sheet, generally our book is priced off a one-month LIBOR. There are some consumer loans. Obviously, they're priced off of prime which is really fed funds. But one-month LIBOR tends to be the pricing basis for other loans.
Darren King: Sure, so if you were happen to read Renee's letter to shareholders we talked a lot -- he talked a lot in the letter about changes that are happening in the structure of the market and covenant reductions and leverage. And when we have gone through our credit which we do at the end of every month and look at the various situations that are challenged, leverage has tended to be a place where we haven’t charged anything off but that’s where things are criticized and where we have got an eye on it and it tends to be where the credit EBITDA and a debt service coverage ratios are moving into a range where there is certainly above what you would think or where we've seen traditionally our book and on both of those measures. And that's really where the comment came from -- that’s further things that we are seeing. That’s the common theme and it's not inconsistent with some of our observations about the macro market in general. Just thankfully we have lesser than our book than the average.
Darren King: I guess, there is not a specific internal measure that we look at and say we're early mid or late in the cycle. But I'll give you some thoughts, because it's a source of internal debate about where we are. And I think some of the macro signals are given us different messages about where we are in the cycle. So, the number one thing that has always kept us out of trouble and kept our charge us where they are is our focus on returns. And because we think about returns when we're looking at and evaluating credit decisions, we need to get comfortable with the risk reward for the decisions that we're making. And we've seen some challenges in that over the last six months seems like things go little bit better after-tax reform. But when we were looking at pricing, and covenants and collateral levels, there was some signal things or things are getting a little bit challenged. When you compare that to where GDP is and how much of a rebound there has been and just total economic activity since the last recession, this recovery is still not all the way back and to what you would see typically post-recession. But when you look at the time since the recession it would suggest that we're way far along and that we're towards the end. So, we've got some signal saying, we still got room to go when obviously we've got the backdrop of the stimulus that's happened from Washington on the positive side meaning there is still some room to run. And then when you look at where spreads are moving and where covenants are moving, these things tend to happen later in the cycle when people start grasping for growth. So that's the thought process and the observations that we have behind where we are in the cycle. Our own view is probably we're at least mid and moving towards late, but I don't think we're all the way to the late get probably got extended a little bit given the changes that recently have gone through in Washington.
Darren King: I think when we gave that we were anticipating a slightly slower rate of increase in Fed funds and therefore what we might see on margin expansion. When we look over the course of the year, I guess we're probably thinking 3% to 4%, probably more like 4% now given where rates have gone offset a little bit by flattish balance sheet which Fed expectation isn't changed that much from where we are at the end of the year and a little more positive on net interest margin given where Fed funds has gone and is projected to go.
Darren King: It’s a tough one to handicap Brian, just because of the movement in that one category of assets that are putting it to set. And those relate to trust demand which is really a function of market activity that we have within our -- with the businesses and our global capital markets business and that’s really what adds a lot of volatility to the total assets picture. I guess the good news is when those assets drop, the margin goes up, but obviously the reverse is true. When you look at their impact on NII it’s really not that great and really where we spend most of our time watching is the core loans and the loan categories and where we anticipate that coming out over the course of the year and that’s really where we expect that flat to modest increase back end weighted like we’ve been talking about today in January.
Darren King: So, our loan growth in the quarter was pretty consistent with what was in the H8 data from the fed, in that it was a little bit back end loaded, a little bit better in March than we saw in January and February. Now you can get some movement in end of period balances depending on some business that sits within real estate reality capital corp where assets are waiting to go off to Fannie and Freddie, and that can cause some end of period fluctuation. But overall during the quarter we saw progressively better loan growth particularly in C&I as the quarter went on.
Darren King: Yes. Over the course of the year we think that’s a good range. Obviously, we gave that range because we’re -- the effects and specifics of the tax changes were unknown and this quarter was impacted by that accounting change that actually went into effect last year. But otherwise we think that’s still appropriate range we’d thinking about.
Darren King: Marty, thanks for the statement, you nailed it with that comment about the relationship between the margin and the earning assets. As it relates to the contribution of interest-free funds that's something that we think about when we are going through our asset liability models and sensitivity and it is factored into the 5 to 8. The impact you see down here is the effect after all the changes that happen in the other categories and calculated into the net interest margin, that effect will obviously change quarter-to-quarter depending on what percentage of the funding those balances make up. And as you pointed out we’ve got a very strong percentage of the balance sheet that’s sitting in non-interest-bearing deposits, a function of our strong commercial balances as well as some of those trust demand balances that will go in there go in there and move around from quarter-to-quarter. When we look at that on a go forward basis and we think about it in our asset liability modeling and our sensitivity we have probably spend more time there thinking about will those balances shift into other categories like sweep or interest-bearing as opposed to paying a price there paying rate specifically for them, and that’s how it gets factored into that 5 to 8.
Darren King: I think there is a little of that Marty and I think don’t forget the other thing that happened this quarter. In particular, was how one-months LIBOR moved so far in advance of fed funds that also helps in a good way, which is above that target range that range that we had given as a rule of thumb. I think without that we probably would have been more like the eight as if certainly not all the way down to the five for some of the reasons that you decided but that had a positive impact on the margin this quarter.
Darren King: It’s a great macroeconomic question, I think when you look at the banks versus the nonbanks the rules on leverage and what’s considered in HLC by the feds would have pushed a lot of the leverage that might have existed in the banking system, into the nonbanking system, since the rules changed. How much that's impacting loan growth? Perhaps at the higher end of the C&I spectrum where they were tended to access the public markets and the capital markets to issue bonds and use leverage. I think as you move down the spectrum you would tend to see a little bit less of that impacting demand, but obviously the big balances come from those larger customers. So, you are probably on the right track with your thesis of overall loan growth being impacted by that because of the impact of the bigger customers and bigger balances. It probably makes sense that when you look at where loan growth, is large banks versus small banks in the H8 that I’m sure part of the reason why you see that difference in growth rate in those two categories.
Darren King: Sure, we are getting largely through that portfolio. We are down to about 25% of our Hudson City related time deposits that have yet to reprice. So, we are three quarters of the way through that. And what's interesting is when you look at the movement in fed funds and the slow increase in the price we are paying or the rate we are paying on what we will call legacy or non-Hudson City time deposits that are creeping up, and the Hudson City ones have creeping down and we are almost at the point where they are in sync. And so, there's probably a little bit more tailwind on Hudson City deposits and their impact on our total cost of funds but we are getting to the point where those two are going to converge. And likely at some point this year we will see time deposits bottom out and start to go the other way just because where we are in the rate cycle.
Darren King: We are certainly hopeful that the market starts to come back from what we see and hear there's some discussions, but nothing that really seemed serious at this point. I think there are remains to be remains a bit of a discrepancy between seller expectations versus buyer expectations with regard to price. And that's probably not unreasonable given where we are in the credit cycle and the rate cycle. I think that credits are as good as it's going to be. But everyone thinks that will continue on forever. And rates are going up and margins continue to expand. So, people feeling pretty good about their prospects for the future, which is impacting the price they might be willing to accept to partner with M&T or any other buyer for that matter. So, we're certainly hoping to get back in the game. But as Bob always said, and those words bring clear, thanks to -- and then willing seller for something to happen. And based on where things are right now things like there will be continuing discussions. But I suspect not a lot of actions in the short term.
Darren King: Sure. So, when you think about how we execute technology projects, we have a combination of in house resources and outside contractors. And the mix is probably around 60-40, 60% inside 40% outside. But that can vary dramatically on the nature of the project that's being worked on. There are some instances where it might be newer technology where we need to augment our team with more outside expertise and then part of the mission of the project is to have knowledge transferred from the outside party to inside. And then there is other ones where it's primarily inside. And it's an existing system, where we have folks that have been caring, feeding of that system over the years and those upgrades or changes and enhancements will be done primarily with inside folks. As you look out at everything that’s going on in the world and the pace of change. I think it was also a common in Rene's Shareholder Letter that we're thinking little bit more about outside partnerships and evaluating those as a way to move a little bit more quickly. And so there you would see slightly different mix than we might have in the past between inside and outside resources. But in general, 60-40 is probably a good way to think about it. And when I think about mobile adoption, which is around that why that done get back to -- what the exact number is, but our mobile adoption rates continue to grow each quarter. I want to say we're in the mid-30% of active check in account users that are active on mobile and active when they'll sign on more than once in a month. What we can go back and we'll get some more exact figures on that.
Darren King: We had some -- when we look at loan growth by geography, both C&I and CRE, we didn’t really see a ton of difference by geography for C&I. For CRE we saw a little bit of more growth in New Jersey and upstate New York and in metro or New York City. I guess when we looked more by industry or type rather than by geography that’s where we saw some interesting trends. We see continued demand for warehouse space for multi-family and also growth in assisted living and skilled nursing. And I guess when we stood back after we went through those and thought about some of the macro trends that are going on it actually made a lot of sense, that has retail that gets impacted and business shifts to the Internet, that warehouse capacity is more in demand because that’s how customer needs are being fulfilled. As the population ages, obviously, a little bit more assisted living and skilled nursing. And then one of the other macro trends that continue is people back into urban centers, particularly the millennials and empty nesters, and that’s driving demand for multi-family. So really kind of made a lot of sense to us when we look back at where the -- where some of the action was.
Darren King: Sure. So, on the litigation expense, I really don’t have any other comment on that other than what we said earlier in the call and in the earnings release as it relates to ongoing matters. So, we won't comment on that. When you look at the Bayview distribution, that was a distribution that we hope will happen on annual basis but it’s going to be based on the performance of that organization. We have an ownership stake. And as the make distributions to the other partners, we get a proportional distribution as well. We are hopeful that it will -- that they will continue but the timing and the magnitude are hard to predict.
Darren King: No, not really, when you look at Bayview over the course of the last decade I guess since the change in the financial crisis, they’ve kind of reinvested themselves in how they run their business. They took a lot of the expertise that they had in mortgage lending and changed it into other related activities, and that’s part of what we are seeing in the turnaround and their results, and therefore in us receiving the distribution.
