Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with financial tables and schedules from our website www.mtb.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
Donald MacLeod: It would be in the range of $40 million to $45 million. Some of the stuff would be affected by the Hudson City employee base, for example the FICO reset. But the major component of that is the cash bonuses and the equity grants, which they will not be impacted with. So Hudson will not have as huge an impact as the sort of legacy M&T employee base.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716 842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
René Jones: Well, I was just - I think what we were doing is looking at the full year 2015 and sort of taking out that unusual gain in that obviously the first quarter business that we had, gain was $45 million. And then, we were just looking year-over-year. As you know, kind of as I look at the - going forward, we’ve got decent loan growth. We will be flat to some margin expansion. So that gives you some single-digit revenue growth.
René Jones: And if we can get year-over-year, a spread on that, revenue versus expense growth, then I think we get a little leverage there to the bottom line. So that’s how I’m thinking of it year over year.
René Jones: Where expenses start? So again, I think I start on the M&T side with full year and think about year over year. There’s nothing much unusual there, except for maybe the $40 million tradable contribution that we had in 2015. And that’s the basis from which I’m operating. If you look at the fourth quarter results, we gave you the number. We said that that roughly $40 million of the operating expense came from Hudson City, and that was two months. And from there - there were some expense saves in those numbers. But from there, we estimate - from that run rate, we estimate that we have actions to take that would add up to between $40 million and $50 million in annualized expense savings. And that is net of the hires, any additional hires that we would have to do related to Hudson City and New Jersey.
René Jones: Yes, I mean, our goal is without Hudson City we try to maintain some level of operating leverage. In that, we’ve got a number of things that we’re doing to sort of optimize our operations. And we’re hoping to put that money back into IT spending. At the end of the day, we’ll put the money back into IT spending, regardless of how much progress we make in other areas, because we think it’s really important. So we’ve talked about that for some time. When you think of the efficiency ratio, when you think first of Hudson City, I even done the math, but you got one more month of Hudson City, right? So there’s probably some additional impact on the efficiency ratio when you full three months in the quarter. And then, we have work to do to reduce - get the cost saves that we talked about. One thing I would point out is that, it’s not as if we’re getting those cost saves on January 1, right, so you get the full year impact of $40 million to $50 million. That’s the run rate impact that you’re going to get on an annualized basis after you’ve taken the action. So that also should have an impact on the efficiency ratio. When I look at our performance this past year, I think we did a pretty good job of managing expenses, but I also think quite frankly, the improvements we saw in the efficiency ratio comes from the fact that we did have growth in revenues in a pretty tough environment in that spread-wide. And when you think about it, if you adjust for the charitable contribution and the gain from the divestiture, we were 57% something in the second quarter. We were 57.1% in the third quarter. And I think it’s about 2 percentage points that Hudson City benefited our efficiency ratio. So we’re running pretty well. We had a pretty good year on both sides of the equation.
René Jones: Yes, so I think of it - I’ll break it into two pieces. I think about it a little differently. So we’ve got this very, very large base of deposit customers who are primarily all the CDs. So they’re single-service households for us. And in that group we don’t have a big interest in necessarily rationalizing pricing so to speak, because we really would like to get to know those customers. I’ve got a couple of letters myself already, couple of people introducing them to me. And they clearly fit the profile of people we would love to have a more full-service banking relationship with. So I think that will take a little time and I don’t think we’ll be hasty to do that at the outset of this year. But then, separately, we do think there is a very large opportunity for full-service checking account relationships that we would typically hold. And most of those relationships aren’t just a checking account. They tend to have multiple products and services as we roll out our relationship banking approach. So it’s sort of two and quite frankly really what we’re trying to do is, is we get a nice shot of an introduction to those customers and we will be trying to convince them that we should be their primary bank for all of their deposit service. So that means you can’t move too quickly to just treat it as a financial asset, they’re customers.
René Jones: Yes, Marty that - yes. So think of it this way. Those loans that you acquire at a premium you are just not allowed to use the SOP discount accounting that you are used to in a lot of deals or that you saw in Wilmington. We deemed Wilmington’s, pretty much the whole portfolio to be purchased at a discount. So what ends up happening is they get treated - and the loans at a premium are treated out of FAS 91 just like originated loans. You have charge-offs as well.
René Jones: I have to check. I don’t think - I think it was not quite. It was obviously more than half, but it moved up steadily and it might have been slightly below the full impact of the Fed increase. But it started, if I recall, I think it started in late November.
René Jones: It’s about 51%. So it would be - fixed rate loans would be about $35 billion out of the $88 billion. And then you got to think of - you often think, while we just brought on a lot of fixed rate mortgages we keep in mind that I think almost half of those are actually a variable rate or floating rate resets, right. So you don’t - it’s not quite intuitive, but they’re not all fixed.
René Jones: I think the other part of your question, Marty, is if you look at that in the variable rate space, so the remainder will be about $52 billion, $53 billion; $35 billion, $36 billion are LIBOR based. So those are the ones that began getting the benefits late November. But you wouldn’t have seen anything in many of our prime rate portfolio, so home equity portfolios, because they look to December 31 and then go to the next re-price date, which is different for each customer before they look back, so would start to occur 30 days, over the 30 days into January.
René Jones: Yes. No, I didn’t see, we didn’t notice anything unusual in the loan growth. I mean, I characterize it as strong, because I think the numbers were pretty decent growth. But I also know that if I look to our loan committees, I think we had the second highest loan production in the fourth quarter on the commercial side that we’ve seen in several years before fourth quarter. So things look relatively healthy. And as a way of reference, and of course I’m going to get this wrong, but I think year over year we’ve been running at 4%, 4.5% loan growth or something like that. So I think there is really no sign that it’s flowing. In terms of the market it’s kind of interesting. So we characterize it to still be intensely competitive, as other banks are really offering better pricing and then sometimes structure than we’re able to. But on the whole, pricing in lowest market like it’s still coming down slightly, it’s not stable but still coming down. Smaller banks are routinely below 200 basis points in terms of margin, maybe 150 to 160 basis points. We’re seeing places where there is no recourse, limited covenants, and in some cases people waiving due diligence. And so for us, when we look at the growth, a lot of times what we’re seeing is that we’re able to do fairly well, but that’s coming primarily from existing client. And they really focus on the fact that we’re relatively proactive. We spend a lot of time with them. We know their businesses. And we’re fairly consistent regardless of what’s happening in the environment. So that’s where most of our loans are coming from. And each market is a little different. And we’re trying to sort of make sure that we avoid any pitfalls from that like we’re not chasing people in a particular market without the knowledge to take on that customer. I think I talked a little bit about it. I don’t know if I have, I have the number somewhere. But we saw growth primarily in Philadelphia, Tarrytown, New York region. We had growth that was about 4% annualized. In a year-over-year basis that was about 6%. We also saw Pennsylvania was about 4% and Baltimore Washington was about 2%. And remember that, Baltimore had been relatively slow for us. So we’re pleased that that has actually continue to do pretty well. The opportunity is different in every market. In upstate New York, which has been relatively slow, there is a huge construction boom and that’s where most of the job on energy is coming from. There is knock-on effects in the other businesses, but that’s what’s driving it. But if you get down to Washington DC, it’s a different set of factor, so it varies by region.
René Jones: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. I’ll start by saying, I’m not sure. I think that we’ve got our BSA program well in hand and off and running. We substantially completed everything that we think we need to do there and really what ends up to happen is you got to go through - you go through your normal annual exam cycle and make sure that you’re really buttoned down. So, we’re very heavily focused on that and remediating any additional customers that we have to which at this point of time would be all the low-risk category, because of course through the course of last year we got through - we got through the high risk in moderate customers. And obviously we have to do a really good job of making sure that as we put Hudson City on to our systems that all those capabilities at the conversion extend over too. So we’re focused heavily on that. The other piece I would put into perspective, which is not directly related to the written agreement per se, is that we continue to just focus on all of the rest of our risk management. We think it’s really important whether it’d be in the compliance areas or whether it’d be in sort of modernizing or continuing to elevate our CCAR process. So that’s where our focus is on and I think the written agreement over time will just take care of itself. But we don’t really control the timing and it’s hard for us to be able to estimate something like that.
René Jones: I don’t know. I mean, it’s interesting. We had an annual update that we do on our real estate in our board meeting in November, before all that stuff came out. And it’s sort of mirrored everything we said and talked about, sort of mirrored what the Fed is saying. So those trends are definitely out there. I think one of the things that’s clearly happening at this point in time is that there is still not - in the overall market, some markets may be different, but there is not yet an oversupply. And to us it’s a bit of a warning that you got to keep - you got to watch out for your underwriting. As you know, I mean, it’s a great question to ask us, because we definitely have a concentration there, particularly in the New York City area. But we tend to not change our underwriting standard. So, for example, if you look at our entire real estate book today, total CRE whether it’s an owner occupied or IRE, our loan to value is 59.5% and in investment real estate it’s 58.3%, all right. So our intention is to remain really conservative. We stress cap rates as we began to - as we underwrite, just to look at what might happen in that space. But having said that, I think if you were less sophisticated, if you were smaller it does - and given some of the things that we’re seeing, I think everybody is right to be concerned, you’ve got to be very prudent. Having said that, there are lot of great customers out there who are doing great projects which can be underwritten at the right amount of risk and for the right price and those tend to be customers that we’ve known for fairly long time.
René Jones: I think it’s a fair read. I think the one thing I might re-characterize is on the existing book of business. What I would say for me personally is that we for long time have watched loan growth and had sort of a tepid view towards it, will it keep staying that way. It’s really clear now that the loan growth trends have been really consistent and very solid. So my sense is, we don’t see any signs of them abating. And quite frankly, as I said, our production in the fourth quarter was relatively high, so slightly positive in my mind in terms of confidence.
René Jones: Well, this is our job to make sure we do a good estimate of what we think the inherent loss is in the portfolio. And it just so happens, that when you look at the Hudson portfolio that we’re bringing on, not only is it mortgages, right, which are naturally going to - have a lower loss content in the overall book, but the portfolio at Hudson City, the majority of the portfolio has very good credit statistics. I think it’s something like over the last 16 quarters their loss rates have been about 20 basis points and then if you look at the current LTVs of the $19 billion, they would be at 59.7%, if you look at the original LTVs they would be at 67.9%, so - and good FICO. So I think there is some subset, mainly the billion dollars that we talked about that have higher delinquencies than the typical M&T portfolio, but the majority is not all of those loans went to the impaired loan, the SOP 03-3 category that we talked about. And we concentrated those in there. We looked for those in the portfolio to segregate them out. Okay. And…
René Jones: No, that’s good. So I think the other thing I would say and point to you is, remember, that portfolio is generally going to be running off. So there will be a natural migration back towards our typical allowance ratio.
René Jones: Yes. I think we had two hikes in that, in the forward rate we were using - forward rate we were using. And, yes, in terms of the interest rate sensitivity, I think, we’ve given that number before. Bear with me one second.
René Jones: I think you got to remember that the number we gave you which I think was $13.3 billion, because you’re using averages. We only had two months, and I think - yes, so you only would take out in that average $13.3 billion.
René Jones: All right. Give me minute. I got some end of period balances. We had growth, I mean, our annualized growth in end of period in C&I was 3.7% CREwas 6.6%, total commercial was 5%, consumer was 7.8%.
René Jones: I mean, I think the number - I got to get the - yes, that’s right. So maybe we’re looking - oh well, so first of all, I’m going to get it in concept and then I have to go back. Yes. There is runoff every month in that - in the - the end of period - by the end of the period that portfolio from Hudson was $18.4 billion.
René Jones: The $18.8 billion, $18.6 billion you’re saying in the opening balance sheet. So we had $200 million of runoff.
René Jones: How do I say that? So the answer is no, not in any particular category. Our nonperforming loans were exactly the same as they were a year ago, which is kind of interesting in the sense that it means that there are some things coming in and some things going out, which we’ve seen economies where that, where it’s better than that. But if you think about it like even in the quarter the types of things we saw going into nonperforming; there was a beverage wholesale distributor, which I always think should never go into; there was an educational company; there was a provider of fiber optics; auto dealer. So no themes at all really, maybe just I would call them almost idiosyncratic issues.
René Jones: When we say that things look stable on the credit front, we’re looking at all measures. We’re obviously looking at our own statistics in terms of delinquencies and early stage delinquencies which have all been pretty quiet on the front. One of the things that we’ve - that sort of piqued our interest is that obviously, you see in the market the spreads for - the high yield spreads going up. And so, when you take those out ex-energy, one of the things we noted is that, sort of in that lower level - lower tranches of the CMBS market, since June of last year, they’re up 200 basis points. And so, actually if you take high-yield bonds ex-energy, they are up 200 basis points in that period. If you take CMBS they’re up 200 basis points, bank spreads are up a little over that same period too. So we particularly look at that and then take a look at the underlying credit metrics. The only place and it’s not in M&T’s book, on a national level where you see both higher spreads and higher delinquencies, is in the indirect auto space. When we look at our book, maybe because it’s so concentrated in the 700 FICO space plus, we’ve actually seen no deterioration there. So those are some of the things we’ve been looking at lately.
René Jones: It’s a great risk management question. I don’t know. I think - look, I think that you - our MO has typically been to be more cautious which has resulted in slower growth when times are great and everybody is available to lend. And when you look at the market today, the one thing that I would say that we’re seeing is not only are all banks healthy, large and small, but you’ve got the debt funds in the market, you’ve got the insurance companies back in the market and you saw some of the trends that we’re talking about. So in our minds, when we look at our reserves, for example, we tend to look at the idea that these loans are being underwritten, right, at historically - there is more pressure on people to do deals in lower structure and those types of things. So that means the loss is inherent and all books are probably are growing a little bit and when you get to these phases. I guess the other thing that I would say is what sometimes gives us pause, and then, this year we saw a couple of these things. When we look and we see that we’ve lost a customer and someone has taken our loan out that was actually a classified loan for us, right, that tends to worry us. If I take myself all the way back to the ‘80s, I remember lots of banks that were reporting low delinquencies and no foreclosures. But when you look at the underlying reason, it was because somebody was willing to refinance that buyer out, and so all the losses were hidden. I don’t think that changes, I don’t think you can always see it in your statistics. So you have to be very careful when times are good, because that’s when the difficult loans are made.
René Jones: Well, you know what, we had a very strong quarter in terms of commercial loan fees, either fees on origination or large syndication fees, both - some in size but also in volume. And what I would say is those tend to be relatively lumpy. The gain that you saw from the - in the third quarter was also related to one of our commercial businesses or commercial leasing business. So I wouldn’t expect every quarter to look like this one by any means. But having said that, I kind of step back and say, well, on the year-over-year basis, right, the business seems to be doing pretty well. And there’s fair amount of activity.
René Jones: I can give you the theory. But I don’t think I can give you the tax rate. So obviously, so we had the tax credits there, so you got to adjust for that and you can see where M&T has been running as you do that. And then, we often talk about the marginal tax rate for the next dollar of income. That will be up slightly from where our marginal rate was before. You will have to take a look and get a reset as we get into the first quarter, but up slightly after you normalize for the $4.6 million. And when I say slightly, I’m very cautious to say that, because I don’t know how much you’ll notice it.
René Jones: Yes. Yes, I think we saw some accretion today. I mean, I think, I would say, an estimate for me is maybe $0.05 accretion in there from Hudson City in this first two months for the quarter. So that would be - that would kind of put us right on track if you think about achieving the rest of the cost saves.
René Jones: Yes, 11% is very high. I mean, think of it this way. We were just over 9% when we entered our first CCAR. And we obviously got no objection, but we also - the point I’m making here would be we fared well on a quantitative basis. And then, when we entered the second time, we were below 10%, we were maybe, I don’t know, 9.80% or 9.70% or somewhere in that range, and we also fared well. So that kind of began to give us some sense of where we needed to put our target governance - in those areas is where our target governance that’s where if we started to get lower than that that we would be thinking about our governance process and maybe not having buy-backs and those types of things. But as you can see, we’re well above that.
René Jones: We’re above that because of couple of things, obviously the transaction. But now we’re generating capital at a very, very, very high rate.
René Jones: And so our thought process is that our optimal capital structure is definitely lower than where it is at today. But we’ll have to work our way through the CCAR and go through that process. Having said that, when you look at this, to us it’s one of the more important things, I mean, it’s why we would go to pretty heavy length to continue to invest and make the CCAR process like perfectly linked with the rest of our processes in the bank, because it’s so important to be able to do well and to be able to show your risk profile, so you can return that capital. So that would be our view and our intent.
René Jones: Oh, no, I think you got to go through - you got to go through your process. The idea that you would dramatically start lowering your capital ratios, I don’t think it makes much sense. We tend to think about moving it in the right direction. But having said that, I mean, as I just framed, I mean, that’s probably where optimal capital structure is in that range, right around what you’re talking about and framed by last couple of CCARs. So there is a lot of excess over that, not quite 200 basis points, but near that. And you’re on the right topic. I think, the way I think about it, Gerard, is I was looking at the fact that we - as we talked about, we grew, I think we said 13% of tangible book value per share. So we’ve done that. We’re probably over our target capital ratios in generating that growth in tangible book value per share. And so the good news is we haven’t destroyed it or wasted it.
René Jones: And at the end of the day - at the end of the day, we got to protect it until we have the opportunity to return it to you or invested in something that’s above the returns that we get today.
René Jones: Well, I think for us, what I would say is that, you’re right. I mean, we’ve been - we’ve maintained a much more conservative posture in terms of payout ratios. And there is nothing on the surface that you could see that would suggest that we shouldn’t be returning capital at the same rate as others. And if I break that down for you, I think now what you’re going to see in terms of our peer group that that we share with you in our investor decks, we would now have the highest tier 1 common ratio, but for one. But the most important thing also is we’re generating capital probably at a faster rate as well. So there’s nothing that would suggest once you get through your stress test you look at your risk, one of the risks we’ll be looking at is our new concentration risk with mortgages in New Jersey. But as I should point out to you, when we ran the last two CCAR tests we had New Jersey in it and we had those presumed to be acquired loans in our stress test. So we’ll focus on that. But to your point, there is nothing that would suggest that we shouldn’t be able to return capital at a rate consistent - at least consistent with others.
René Jones: How do I do that? No, I mean, I think - I’m going to get it wrong if I do, because I don’t have it at the top of my head. But I think we’re talking tens of millions of dollars when we talk about increasing the rate. And if we can accelerate the rate of that technology spend a bit we’ll be in good shape. So would you notice it? You might notice it, when I step back over six months and the full year to - then we would be able to talk to you about how much that is. And I guess the reason for that is that, when we think about technology, we kind of shortcut it a bit. We’ve talked about just IT. But it’s not just sort of buying a system and putting it in. We’re doing a lot of process change. So, for example, in the wealth and institutional services division in Wilmington, we’re looking a lot at the different capture systems when a customer gets on-boarded. And going from that end and streamlining and changing the process, which involves automation. So it’s not like you just sort of turn the spigot on very fast. It’ll be a gradual rise and we’ve been focusing on that a couple of quarters. So I don’t know, I don’t think huge jump, tens of millions maybe, but not a huge jump. And we’ll probably talk about it more as we get through 2016.
