René Jones: I mean, I guess I'll start with, we did see the increase in non-performers, we mentioned two credits moved in, actually both in some way housing related but when you look at the whole, I tend to look at the whole criticized loan book, which is sort of in our system there is everything 11 and above, and that didn't change materially. In fact, the criticized loans on our balance sheet probably declined slightly during the quarter. So when we say we expect credit to be lumpy, there are going to be things that move either way from time to time. I think probably the best example to look at the two credits that we mentioned, the first is one in our residential development portfolio that we've been looking at for some time and we had been working with to make improvements. But at the end of the day, we saw that based on the valuation of the properties and so forth that it was warranted to move to nonaccrual. In that particular loan there will be some loss content that we've provided for. You flip that around to the other credit, which is assisted living and quite frankly, there it's much more of a technical issue. We don't see much loss content there, but technically the client wasn't able to extend even though we're in the process of putting an extension in. So at the end of the day, we just sort of follow the letter along if tripped over. So I don't really look necessarily at just the nonperforming number, when I look at, as you stated, the overall criticized book, it's pretty stable and in this particular quarter, it was down slightly.
René Jones: That's a good description and I think you obviously will have to consider that we added $1.2 billion to the commercial loan book as well. So I think that your description is fair.
René Jones: Nothing really has changed. Again, we go through our risk management practices. I think in January when we get to that point, we go to our Board and we talk about what our stress tests are and what we think for the outlook of the plan and capital and all that. So we'll get through that governance and then some time post that, as we always do, share it with the regulators. We are free to do all that. But I think what we said still stands as we evaluate when we can stress in the long run we're not looking to be a TARP accumulator and in the near term we'll come up with some plan to how we want to pay that back. From our perspective, our capital ratios, again, continue to grow very, very strong and I think really the sooner you move the TARP out, it actually increases your tangible generation, but no real updates on it. But when we have, we'll let you know.
René Jones: Sure, Todd. So, let’s just take them in order. So, jokingly, I think I estimated that, it might be $10 million or is $11 million. So, it was kind of what we expect in terms of volume and in terms of the margin that we lost. Remember, we don’t deliver those loans, don’t get delivered to our balance sheet until late in the quarter and in fact this sort of first half of January. So, what you saw was the – all you saw was the impact to the gain on sale, which is upfront. In fact, remember, the way the mortgage revenue works, is you get it when you walk alone, you book the revenue. So once that delivered, you’ll begin to see the positive impact in the first quarter of 2011. I don’t know, when we thought about it, we didn’t see anything that changed during the quarter that would suggest that we would flip back. So, right now our plan is to continue to portfolio those mortgages. As you know, we don’t have large residential mortgage portfolio, particularly relative to our peer group. So, no problem there. What you’ll see when we kind of putout our case that we sort of marginally were able to – we definitely were able to slow that migration to the sort of asset sensitive. So, so we need those fixed rate assets. I don’t know, I think loan growth will continue. I obviously don’t expect to have $1 billion a quarter. I think we’ll wait and see for another quarter if whether or not that makes sense to continue doing that. With respect from the margin, if you do have some loan growth and you offset that with securities – what otherwise would be securities purchases, it probably does do a lot to offset any natural decline that you might have in your margin. So, when we put everything together and we look at where we are, we don’t really expect rates to move for about three quarters. It just gives us a flat to stable margins. I was actually a little surprised to see that normalized; we were probably up 1 basis point this quarter. That was all driven by the type of loan growth that we had.
René Jones: We don’t see it. It’s a good question. I’m not quite sure why, but I think our yields are pretty stable on the asset side. If you remember, when we say we’re asset sensitive, we’re kind of mismatched, and we don’t like to be. So for us putting those assets on, this quarter they're all funded probably with core deposits which is great and if they're not, we probably would put on some additional wholesale funding. That spreads, they're going to be pretty wide relative to our 3.84% margin, right.
René Jones: We’ll use the forwards. So I think it comes somewhere late in 2010, there is a set increase embedded in the forwards or something. I am sorry, late in 2011 if I could say that right.
René Jones: That would be wonderful. I have done a little bit of work on that and I can't give the theories about it and sort of better than the idea that in Basel II, you got credit for your actual performance. I just personally find it hard to believe that in the current environment but that's going to be case in Basel III. I know a few people are talking about it but we're not counting on any of that. But I would agree with you. I think what we tend to do is we tend to look at the risk of our portfolio, how well it's collateralized against the capital. But my guess is, I don't expect much relief from that.
René Jones: I'll give you my thoughts. I mean, if you sum up everything we've heard, capital ratios are going to be higher than they were in the past. But there is nothing that's ever been said, that there shouldn't be different capital ratios among different banks based on the risk and the quality of your portfolio, and that would be hard for us to think that anybody would suggest otherwise. So I tend to take a practical safety and soundless view and if we changed the mix of our portfolio then that would mean that we probably need to be well above 7%. But if we're not changing the risk profile of our portfolio, maybe we don't have to as high as some. You can see the change already. I mean, when you think about – just go back quickly, if you go back a year ago to Provident; we bought Provident; we took our tangible down to 449 and then we grew it back. Then in 2002, I think it was '03 [ph] we bought all of First and I think then we took it down to 468 or something like that and then we built it back over time. When we announced the Wilmington deal and we gave you a general target range, that range, the numbers didn't come down at all. So our view of capital internally has changed as well and we're just more conservative about it, but I don't think that that means that all banks will have the same capital ratio down the road, just doesn't make sense.
René Jones: We look at the mortgage repurchase program as – I mean, retaining the mortgages as a direct substitute for the securities purchase. So, if you will look internally, our reports don't say securities and residential loans internally, they say discretionary portfolio. If we were to stop doing something on retaining the residential mortgages, we'd probably have to start buying securities, because we're overall – and discretionary assets we're historically low.
René Jones: Well, they’re very securitizable. So we just haven't taken the second step. Your point is really good and over the course of the year and years to come, we're going to have to start thinking about dealing with the new liquidity rule. So even though we're much more liquid than we were over the last several years, that's sort of one of the outcomes that you might have to hold more securities, but it's too early to say those rules aren't out. We feel pretty comfortable where we are now.
René Jones: We have to-date avoided talking about or speculating about what the impact of that legislation will be. Just because we can’t get our hands around what's likely to happen. So we haven’t disclosed any of that and we probably won’t change that until we get clearer guidance on what the actual rule is what I hear this April timeframe. What I will say is with the pulse that was out there in our minds is probably the worst case scenario for the banking industry and we're part of it. I would also say that the dividend in a changed revenues under the proposed rule that's out there would be probably well below costs and what that means is that the business model would have to take a dramatic change in some new direction. We're talking about a big event for the industry and if you sort of legislated a way, the profitability of all of those activities the whole industry would have to change. I can’t tell you we will be part of that but I can’t tell you what the impact is. I think I would say that the kind of off your question but the sad part about it is, there is really no clear win for the consumer either. So too much uncertainty for us but as we get to April we'll be happy to then talk about what it means to.
René Jones: Let me just give you the line utilization percentage. I have that but I just can’t see where it is. So what I do is, I look at the pipeline and then I go back to February and I do a line way across to normalize it and what you see is the pipeline is steadily growing. There is a little bit lumpiness from time to time, a fair amount towards the end of the quarter. But when you normalize for it, you see a steady increase. There is no difference in – how do I say this, you see it everywhere so I’ll give you some feel. But if you look at our middle market business, right, we had growth in the portfolio and in the pipeline in Buffalo, Albany, Rochester, Southern New York, Northern PA, Central PA, Philadelphia, Hudson Valley, Washington D.C. and our commercial real estate book, it was in Buffalo, Albany, Central New York; New York City had good growth; Philadelphia, Hudson valley and a little bit in Washington D.C. So you can see it across the board. Then when you look at overall what we saw in terms of the big increase in the pipeline during the fourth quarter and then some of which extended over to our loan growth, you had some 30% of it was in the real estate and rental space and then remember for us that would be a lot of owner occupied. Then we probably had another 10% in healthcare, another 10% in manufacturing, and then retail trade was probably a close second. So, it's kind of much what you saw in the Fed report actually, in that, manufacturing and a number of different sectors actually saw the increase. So, I looked at it, if you sort of normalize the way the $1.2 billion for a minute that generally most of the sectors are seeing an increase. The one that's not, as you can see by our charge on our private label mortgage-backed securities and the two real estate-related loans that went to nonperforming, that's the same story. If projects are having trouble in housing that really hasn't improved in any way shape or form. Utilization went from 51.7% up to 52.12%.
René Jones: At this point we're heavily into the integration process. I think we thought and have sort of proven out is that as we meet the clients on the wealth management side and the trust business, we continue to see that the customers fit into our real house and there is a lot of opportunity for us, particularly as we look to the M&T footprint, we've already seen responses and enquiries from our own customer base asking us about Wilmington and what the prospects of the business and opportunities are there. I think when you look at our basic business, which is where the lender to middle market and small business companies, which means that you have – a lot of the people that we're doing business with are owner operators, or having a lot invested in their business. It kind of done to have nicely; sort of at end of the day, we see a lot of prices where we'll be able to add that sort of higher service wealth management capability to that group. When you think about it, they operated in Delaware and some folks at other places on the wealth side. Really, our distribution in Baltimore with a number one distribution there, and quite frankly, our market share in the other places we do business creates a lot of opportunity. The challenge is going to be just what you saw; it's on the credit side. So there is a lot of work that we have to do there, and we'll continue to work out that with our partners. I guess what I would say is that the one bright spot on the credit side is that if there was any concern about lending that had gone on in the year past before we showed up. We would suggest that that's probably abating because that Wellington now has sort of the strength of M&T behind it. That's also very positive for their customers in the commercial side. So, we see a lot of positives, but I would also say that we had a lot of work to do.
René Jones: Well, we'll find out I guess. It’s a wonderful question. Today, based on all the facts, it looks like more of a technical issue, but then have you actually got it and secure it, you don't know that. So that's why we put it in non-performing. We sort of turn to air on the positive side of things. I mean, you’re right in this space. So, it would be a credit where we’re hoping that that the renewal takes place. There's some possibility that it might not. But, again, as we look at it, we don't see much lost content there. So, technically I guess it could go either way.
René Jones: I don't recall these being participations for one, I’m just trying to think – actually, one potentially, the larger one potentially could be with some small institutions, but the second one I don't recall where it is. If that changes, I'll get something to you in a few minutes.
René Jones: We don't have any change – again, I think from valuation standpoint, the engine behind lots of the valuation that we have in Bayview has to do with Bayview asset management. We were relying very, very little on the idea or if any, on the idea that the securitization market will come back. So we haven't changed our view there at all, and I wouldn't expect in the near term much change and the income statement impact.
René Jones: Yeah, we got to go through the application process. There was never any discussion in the third quarter, but we had targeted somewhere of in the mid year, which we were thinking probably somewhere in the second quarter. You got to go through your process, so you don't really know, and the two loans are our loss.
René Jones: I haven't heard or seen anything that suggests on a big change, particularly in this quarter. It's a growth that we have been seeing; say first, second, and third quarter seem to be slowing a bit on the deposit side, well, obviously, that wasn't the case this quarter. But I haven't seen anything that suggested that. I don't have really more there. I would expect that deposit balances are elevated, first, because of the low interest rates, which this is pretty typical that happens, and because of the severity of the low interest rates, you say a lot of money that would otherwise be parked in money fund. One of the things I think is interesting is that, as that will happen we'll see some maybe runoff, natural runoff on the deposit side, but it is interesting that the business that will benefit from that would be our Trust and Investment Group and Wilmington Trust business, right, so, but no evidence.
René Jones: No, I don't. I mean, again this is evidence, but I haven't seen much. So, I think things probably will move text book. I look out next year if we have modest loan growth which is a change organically from past several quarters than I would guess that we do not have a lot of deposit growth. But I don't see, if it is classic.
René Jones: No, all business activity, I mean let me answer the other income first. The other income in one way shape or form cannot be classified as those commercial fees. So, we had an increase in loan syndication fees syndicating the credit out. We had an increase in the advisory fees, where we're helping someone with a liquidity event during the quarter. We had an increase in general loan fees. We have ended term leases. Then if you go up to trading, the increase in trading was people doing swaps, swapping their fixed rate loans to floating I believe. So, all of that activity was really commercial activity this quarter.
René Jones: The trading is very rate sensitive and turning what's moving with rates. So you see that coming in and out as the rates change, but the other business I think that's pretty fair to say. Our syndication fees have been relatively low just because the pipeline was low in the first half of the year, and now you've seen a change there, so I wouldn't agree with that.
René Jones: It runs through revenue, so that's the other part of the decline from the $61 million to the $35 million.
René Jones: Well, actually that's the point, we just think that it makes more sense to retain the mortgages that we have rather than buy mortgages and securities from somebody else, because you give up a transaction fee. So we just think it's sufficient to keep our own, so we haven't been buying mortgages and we typically don't, sometimes we'll buy servicing.
René Jones: No. I think the unrealized loss would have been greater probably towards the end of November, but then we had a swing back in the rates, all right. So I don't know Don, is there anything you could think of that would have caused it to be.
René Jones: We think it's kind of an easy answer for me and its right in our warehouses the business banking and middle market clients and when I say that obviously some of them are doing some real estate lending with us but that type of clients we think has got great prospects. We've never seen a big fall-off as you can see in our rankings in a small business side. Having said that all those customers have been relatively cautious, so I don't view us as having really lost any share or not being well positioned when they start to actually make investments. I think that's a real positive. I do think and I can't say enough I am very encouraged by the idea of having a new product set in the Wilmington Trust side to help with that process. I think as was the case for our small investment banking and our advisory business and a few other businesses that we got from offers, I would think that if we do that well that's going to provide additional opportunity, but the customer will be the same customer.
René Jones: Let me see. I don't want to give you a short of an answer. So let me give you – give me a second here. I mean I will say generally if you look at credit, there is not a lot of large loans that we haven't talked about some way shape or form. The two largest are the two that we just talked about. So we don't have anything larger than that in our non-performing book and as you go to the third largest loan…
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I – specific credits and so – I mean, there is just not a lot that if you look from a year ago where you have credits of large size, you just don't see a lot of that. There is still probably stuff in the resi space or the construction space which would be anything tied to housing which would be lingering in there. But they are not large credits and these credits you saw here would be the exception.
René Jones: I would say not many. Those were not typical. Hand on one second. We’re just looking at, for example, in the fourth quarter the catalogue addition; I mean, there is nothing above $25 million if they’re just trying to be smaller, whereas that would not have been the case a year or more ago.
René Jones: I would say Gary that I don't like the idea because the TARP does not absorb any losses, all it does is, saying your financial comment. So, the idea that you think you're getting something that you're having some peep laid out there, it doesn't make much sense because you're not really using it for actual loss of building capacity, right.
René Jones: I’m with you, but it's all about risk management and that doesn't absorb any losses, it just takes (inaudible) go generation away. So, that's how I think about it.
René Jones: I feel like we didn't some of it [ph], I don't have it in front of me, but, I would say that if you look at the mark that we did for Provident. First of all, just in terms of – I think you understand it, but you'll have to take a look at your disclose rate, you really would have to change and instead of allowance for loans, just make allowance to marks of loan and we do that for M&T, although I don't have in front of me, they are very, very high, because you have to add in the equivalent of the $320 million that we had of credit estimates in our marks for Provident. We've probably had charge-offs of maybe $120 million out of the Provident portfolio. The last time I look, which is not this recent quarter, but we were more than $100 million ahead on that. So that probably gives you some sort of sense. We did assess it in last June and what we said is, we didn't think that a 100% of that $100 million was necessary, something that we could reverse, because we said, there maybe some of it actually is going to be pushed out, and maybe the cycle of this like to go longer. If you take those numbers, you can get yourselves to what we have as a rough remaining mark that's out there.
René Jones: I hate to think – we haven't disclosed that particular number and if we were to, we just put it in the K, but there is a substantial amount of the mark remaining and as you get to Wilmington, we will work the same way with the number that we put out there. So if you think about it, just go to Wilmington, the bank is one-fifth our size and the market is bigger than our allowance. So the old ratios just don’t work.
René Jones: Our controller is sitting here and saying no. I appreciate the question; we'll consider how much more we should be disclosing about that in a moment but he is stopping us from that.
René Jones: I think that we want a little bit a pro forma on every single month of all the volumes that we do which a full P&L and we have an appetite for that business, because we like it. But at times the competition gets a little frothy and as we – if we can generate a return above our cost of capital then our appetite for the volume actually slows down and I would say that in some ways I kind of guess it has to do with the fact that we just came through the cycle where there was not a lot of credit demand. So, a number of banks were probably going to that space and it just makes it very competitive in terms of pricing and that takes the returns down to a breakeven economics. So we tend to have a little bit of risk on there and we’d just rather take the slower growth than not generate economic profits.
René Jones: Generally, it's the latter. But if it’s an AUM issue, we don't see much of an impact on our long run income statement from that move and the economics for selling, retaining should be generally the same as long as you are funding it properly, right, because you are not doing a carry trade or something like that.
René Jones: The last survey we did was in the third quarter of some kind of dry on new information but we've seen generally positive signs from our customer base. A quarter ago they were just going to sidelines a bit but very healthy you seek a little bit of utilization pick up, but we've most of the stories I have heard are generally positive ones.
René Jones: Yeah, I not saying that our reactivity is probably pretty consistent with the past and we move up to it, but I just don’t have it right in front of me.
René Jones: Yeah. We will be happy to provide it. I think we do provide that kind of information in our disclosures, so…
René Jones: We didn’t say that, well I think one is in the PA area, the other would be customer – customer in our Maryland market, it’s not acquired loan.
René Jones: We haven't changed anything we said on Wilmington Trust and I think the nice part of that is, we have some time to get in there and see how everything works out both for M&T and Wilmington and then if it changes we’ll say something, but haven’t said anything there.
René Jones: What we had said is that we bought about the accretion in the economics of the deal within the idea that if there was potential TARP repayment we’ve included all the costs and economics in there. So we haven’t talked about capital raise, we’ve just talked about the economics of the deal.
René Jones: I would say generally that we get through our work pretty quickly, but in terms of our mindset today, we're very focused on Wilmington, and we think that it would be silly to focus on something else, because if we can execute it well, it means a lot to both organizations. So, we really haven't talked much about that, but I guess as we get towards the end of next year ask us the question again and we'll tell you, if we're on to other things. But I think Wilmington is our focus. If I could just get back to Gerard's question, we had initially first rate hike, if you saw a rate hike I think we had initially about 30% reactivity, but you got to take a look at that. I think what it basically says is, we got a fair amount of cushion I think it's pretty consistent with what we have seen in the past. We'll take a look at it over a longer period than just sort it from the initial hike.
René Jones: We don't have a date, so basically that information is what we said on November 1st when we announced the deal and if we have an update to it we'll say it publicly.
René Jones: No, I don't think it's – I don't see any differentiation really across the regions. I think it's more differentiated by the strength of the underlying borrower and their individual wherewithal. So, I think it's a case-by-case basis. Some projects are moving and even within the two, one of them is showing and moving property and the other is doing lesser than some.
René Jones: Gain was somewhat a little less in the fourth quarter than the third but actually probably – fourth quarter probably looked more like the first and second. Third looks relatively high but there is still high gain on sale margins relative to history.
René Jones: I would probably still – probably what they were in the past and maybe in the past we were somewhere between any given time maybe between 80 and 100 basis points, and starting with your 100 basis points when you said that.
