Darren King: Sure, Ken. I think, when we look at our deposit costs and the change quarter-to-quarter, it’s not any one region in particular, but the place where we see movement, varies by segment. So, in our commercial portfolio -- or sorry -- well, start with commercial. In the commercial portfolio, it’s really been in interest checking and in non-interest checking in the form of earnings credit rates. And so, we started to see some pressure there. We have some balances in commercial that are linked to an index. So, as the index moves up, the price moves up there. But, we continue to see corporate treasures paying a lot more attention to their excess balances and considering moving them to interest checking, sometimes into on-balance sheet suite and in the end to off-balance sheet suite as well. But, we’ve been very active with our customers, making sure we’re out working with them to help them put their excess balances to effective use. In the consumer space, we’re seeing behavior that’s fairly typical, as you work your way through a rising rate cycle. The main event so far has been balances moving from money markets, savings accounts into time accounts. And as we mentioned in the, I guess prepared comments that in -- within the CD book, we’re starting to see people lengthen out the terms that they’re signing up for. So, early on, if you probably looked about a year ago, we would have said, most of the action was in the one year CD space. And with the changes in the curve a little bit of late, we’ve seen a little more activity in the 18 and 24-month space. And so, as you’re seeing a little bit of remixing where balances are shifting from money market into time. But generally, both of those are pretty consistent with what our prior experience has been as well as what we tend to model when we do our ALCO runs and we put in our asset sensitivity in the K and the Q. The one thing that’s probably a little bit unique to us perhaps compared to some of the others is just a percentage of our deposit base that fits in non-interest bearing and operating accounts, fee based business or consumer and obviously that helps to mitigate to some extent the impact of rising rates.
Darren King: So, technically, the option always exists. But, you can go back to the Fed and do a resubmission after you’ve gone through and done your initial CCAR asking and been approved as well as an update like we did last year after mid-cycle. When we look at where things are right now, this is one quarter that was maybe a little bit slower than we anticipated. Fourth quarter, things usually pick up. And we’re not materially off where our capital plan was. And when you combine that with still waiting for a little bit of clarity on how the regulations might change, I would suggest that it’s probably a low probability that we would go back this year as we did last year.
Darren King: Sure. I’ll start with the securities portfolio and then work to loan growth. The securities portfolio, really our preference is to invest our deposits into the loans with our customers. The securities portfolio really is meant to help with our liquidity coverage ratio. And so, depending on the deposit balances as well as the mix of loans, that will impact our liquidity coverage ratio requirements, and we’ll set our securities accordingly. And when we think about what we need for the liquidity coverage ratio, we think about not just what’s in the securities portfolio but what’s in cash. And the combination of those two is what we look at. And the securities portfolio, a little bit more of it of late is sitting in cash than in securities just because when we look at the overnight rate compared to the one year treasuries, there’s not enough of a premium to make it worth stepping in. If you go to the loan book, when we think about the loan book, it’s really important to take our portfolio and separate out the residential real estate portfolio from the other asset categories. So, we expect to continue to see run off in the residential real estate portfolio. Given its characteristics, we don’t see any reason to believe that the pay down rates that we’ve been seeing for the last several years is likely to change. And that’s kind of been around 13% to 14% annualized. The only thing that will happen obviously is as that portfolio gets smaller, the dollar amount of decrease will also get smaller. And therefore, the amount of growth needed in the other portfolios to create absolute loan growth will get a little bit easier. In consumer loans, we’ve been pretty consistent with our positioning in indirect auto as well as rec fi and anticipate that that will continue, obviously depending on the strength of the consumer, but right now have no reason to believe that that will slow materially. And then, in commercial real estate and C&I, they’ve been relatively flattish the last couple of quarters actually. And I think that that performance is a little bit masked by the overall loan decreases. And really the challenge there has been payoffs and paydowns. And the place those are coming from differs by the portfolio. So, our commercial real estate portfolio, we’re seeing some paydowns of construction balances where construction projects are coming to completion, and then we see some permanent financing going into the insurance companies. Now, we have seen a little bit of movement in our construction commitments, which gives us a little bit of optimism for the next 6 to 12 months. But those balances obviously build as projects move through their completion cycle and so, we will be watching that. In the C&I portfolio, obviously we talked about the seasonal factors but we continue to see active in the floor plan business. We see some activity in healthcare and in certain segments of healthcare, and we’ve seen some increase in commitment. So there’s -- there are some reasons to be optimistic as we look forward. And really the wildcard is some of the things that are little bit outside of our control. And that’s activities around private equity which has really kind of been the issue in C&I lending where we see private equity coming in and buying out some of our customers and injecting equity and/or coming in and putting that on top of our with their loan funds. And so that’s a phenomenon that’s likely to continue for little longer. But, what we’ve learned through time is to be patient and to not reach and to be there for our customers. And that’s what we’ve been doing for the last 12 to 24 months and will continue to do.
Darren King: John, we’re going through right now finalizing our thoughts on 2019 and putting our plan together. We’ll be back in January with more specifics about how we see 2019 unfolding. So, I think, it’s a little premature to comment. We’ll also -- our thoughts on 2019 will be impacted to some extent by the fourth quarter that we’ve seen in years go by, some substantial movements can happen in the fourth quarter and can have a big impact on your start point for 2019. So, I’m going to defer my thoughts on that until January.
Darren King: So, for net interest margin, we’re not changing our expectations that for a 25 basis-point increase that it would be outside of the 5 to 8 basis-point range. That number, when we talked about that at the start of the year was an average for the year for each 25. What’s been true is it started out at the higher end of that and in fact above, early on in the year and it’s come down towards the lower end of that more recently as we start to see deposits, pricing look more like prior cycles. And so, for the rest of the year, that’s kind of where we see things going. As we go into 2019, again, we’ll be updating our models and looking through our thoughts on in particular deposit reactivity and we’ll give you new guidance at that point. I should wrote down your other question.
Darren King: The loan to deposit ratio, right. Thanks. Sorry. So, the loan to deposit ratio has kind of hovered around 97%, 98%, 99% each quarter for the last three, depending on combination of some of the held for sale balances at the end of the quarter, or what happens during the quarter, as well as the pace of loan runoff and originations. And kind of the combination of those factors, we expect to be in play for the coming several quarters. Hard to foresee us getting down to a 95% ratio, although you never say never; equally hard to see us going meaningfully over 100%. I expect we’ll be in this range for the foreseeable few quarters but something else that we’ll look to update over the -- in January.
Darren King: Sure, Frank. There is a mix of different things within that Hudson City book. There are some 5 ones and 7 ones, and as you pointed out, rates aren’t impacting them. There are some jumbos in there, as well as small portion actually of good old all day. And what we’ve seen over the hikes since 2015 is really not much of a change in the prepayment speed or payoff ratios in that book. And so, we’re not anticipating a material decrease, probably down slightly, maybe a point ‘18 over ‘17 and if rates continue on their trajectory, maybe another point reduction in 2019. The bigger factor there really is just the size of the portfolio and what -- how much in dollars runs off each quarter as much as the rate of decline.
Darren King: So, for the non-interest bearing deposits, it’s a keen area of focus for us whether that’s within our consumer portfolio where we actually did see some checking account growth in the third quarter, which was nice to see, as well as in our small business and in our commercial customers. And that’s the number one thing we focus on everyday in our calling activity because that’s really the anchor relationship product, no matter which business we’re in. And so in the commercial space, our teams have been out talking to customers, helping them optimize their cash, which obviously will mean some of that will move into interest bearing, be it on-balance sheet suite, on-balance sheet interest checking, but also some remains in the operating account. For our small business customers, that tends to be a place where operating balances tend to say and as a category where deposit balances typically exceed loan balances. And that continues to be the case, and a place where we’re strong. When you look at our market share in SBA across our footprint, we tend to be one, two, or three position in most of those markets, and it’s an area of focus that we’ll continue to spend time on. And then, as we mentioned in consumer, there is obviously some excess balances in checking accounts today. And some of that you might start to see move but not likely until there is more movements in savings rates and money market savings rates. We’ve seen a little bit of that in the banks, but not much. Most of that action’s been in the non-bank space in the online savings account space. So, we see a little bit of migration. But, we’re keenly focused on it. We expect that it will decrease slowly over time just as rates move, which is pretty normal, but we’re not expecting on mass exodus of funds. 
Darren King: Sure, Ken, happy to discuss those. For salaries and benefits, there’s really two main drivers that are of the increase that would be sustainable. Number one is the increases that we’ve made to compensation for many of our employees, which was really an outgrowth of the tax reform. We were one of the places that didn’t actually do a one-time bonus at the end of last year, opting rather to invest in permanent increases to the comp for many of our employees that included raising the minimum wage to $14 up to as high as $16 an hour depending on the geography. And that went in, in stages. Some of it went in, in the first half of the year and the second step, when it became effective, starting July 1st. So, you started to see that come through in the third quarter. The other thing that happens for us is, we have an influx of new graduates into our develop -- management development programs usually in the summer. And so, you get a little bit of an uptick in headcount and salaries there. Some of that will come down. And the other part where were spending a lot of time is with our professional services in the technology realm. And it’s our objective to over time switch much of the professional services or some of the professional services, I guess, I should say, from kind of contractors to permanent on-staff employees. So, we’ll see some headcount growth there. The 13 million was probably a little bit higher than what would be a more normal rate; there is probably about $3 million or $4 million of what I would call seasonal expense in there that likely won’t repeat, but the movement is definitely up from where we were in the second quarter. On the professional services side, there is always some movement in that category from quarter to quarter. This quarter, we saw substantial decrease, mainly because we had such a big quarter in the second quarter in terms of litigation related legal expenses. Those have come down fairly dramatically since then. And then, one of the other big professional services expenses is some of the IT help that we have and that can bump around a little bit from quarter to quarter. But, where we were this -- in the third quarter is probably a reasonable starting point, maybe I’d add a few million dollars to that. But, I think it’s reasonable starting point for going forward.
Darren King: Sure. So, what you saw a little bit this quarter in the expense line item is kind of the explanation or story we’ve been talking through for the last several quarters. The things will remix on the income statement. So, we saw that the professional services came down, but the salaries and benefits went up. As we change the mix of contractors to staff, those two line items you’ll see some shifts. And when we talk about investments in technology, some of it you see on the line that is professional -- sorry, outside data processing and software. And that’s the software piece but oftentimes the expense shows up in the salary and benefit line because that’s where a lot of the teams are that are doing the work of installing and adding any customization or integration, shows up on that salary and benefits line. And so, while there will be some increases in what we invest in our technology teams, those over time can be offset and have been in the past by reductions in the branch network, which will affect both the furniture and equipment expense line item as well as the salary line item. So, when we think about the bank and we think about our expense trajectory, we look across the whole $3.2 billion of expenses. And we’re always thinking about how investments that we made yesterday can be monetized today to help offset the investments we’re making today for the future. And you see some of that move from time-to-time. You’ve seen us invest a little bit more this year in advertising and promotion to drive some customer growth, which we talked about on the consumer checking side. So, we’re always looking across the various categories. And as we mentioned, we’ll see some move from quarter-to-quarter. But overall, we focus on the bottom line. And part of what’s helping us as we looked forward was knowing that some of the legal-related expenses would come down as things got settled, as well as the FDIC surcharge will go away. So, we’ll be looking to invest some of that in the franchise.
Darren King: I guess, my starting point to think about that Steven is to look at where we were before the crisis and what percentage of the liabilities of the bank sat in noninterest bearing deposits. Now, obviously, we’ve had some growth in customer since then. So, the absolute dollar amount of where we end up, post normalization, if you will, should be higher. But, we anticipate that the mix of noninterest bearing to interest tracking to money market and savings to time would look pretty similar to where we were then. And the only question mark will be, how much ends up off-balance sheet and off-balance sheet suite. And I’ll be off by a little bit of my recollection is that during that time period, about $3 billion to $4 billion came on-balance sheet from off-balance sheet.
Darren King: Yes. If you exclude the seasonal dealer decline, which is actually a little bit less this year than what we’ve seen in prior years, dealer decline this quarter, I think was around $150 million to $200 million, which is a little bit less than what we saw in the third quarter of last year. I’m not sure -- I suspect that has a lot to do with how vehicle sales have kind of slowed down a little bit that the current model year isn’t going off the lot quite as quickly. But outside of that, we’ve seen some increases, in particular in the healthcare segment, really in assisted senior living and acute care. And I guess, given demographics of the population that probably makes some sense that you see some of that. Over time, those stabilized projects also can lend themselves to fee income because often times those also get taken over by some of the capital markets or the insurance companies. But that’s some of the places where we’ve seen some increase that offsets the floor plan, at least this quarter.
Darren King: If you look at the recent deals and the most two most notable being Hudson City and Wilmington Trust, they brought a different deposit profile. So, I think going back over 20 years is probably not likely to repeat itself. I think, we got to look at a little bit more like where we were going into the crisis. And when I think about Wilmington Trust and what it brought, definitely a nice base of non-interest bearing deposits, because we have a number one share in the State of Delaware in consumer and small business, and those tend to be drivers of non-interest bearing deposits, but it also brought a big private banking book. And that tends to skew more towards interest checking and money market savings. So, that’s kind of an offset there that would look a little bit different than what we would have looked like prior to merging with Wilmington Trust. And then, at Hudson City, Hudson City obviously is very-skewed towards interest-bearing, in particular time accounts, but also money market and interest checking. And so, those will -- because of the nature of those balances, they would tend to decrease non-interest bearing as a percentage of the portfolio. So, I am thinking about run-rate maybe through 2019 and into 2020, I would start to look at where the bank was in kind of 2008 and 2009, and then adjust for time deposits being a little bit bigger percentage today and going forward as rates change and balances migrate in there and a little bit more in money market due to private banking customers. And then, interest-bearing being the rest -- sorry, non-interest-bearing making up the rest. And I guess, I would expect that that would be -- I haven’t looked at the math but in that range of 25% to 30% of what our deposit balance base might look like.
Darren King: So, I can answer the second part easier than I can answer the first. And the answer is, we’ve been both the first and not the first, and it hasn’t made a material impact in our customer acquisition rates or retention rates. Back when Apple Pay came out, we were actually one of the first banks in on Apple Pay. And the adoption was, as we know, slow and it didn’t move people into or out of our checking account. With Zelle, which has been live now for about two weeks, we’ve been pleased with the number of signups that we’re seen and the level of activity. I don’t have exact numbers for you, Gerard on how that’s moving, but it’s moving in a nice direction. And we were not the first to implement Zelle, but we’re certainly not the last. So, I would characterize it as more towards the middle of the pack, maybe towards the middle end. But, we have haven’t seen a meaningful uptick in customer acquisition since and we haven’t seen a meaningful decrease in acquisition or conversely an increase in attrition with the delay. Our take on it, Gerard, is that customers look at the bank and they look at the total package of benefits that are offered and that’s things like Zelle, it’s things like mobile check deposits, it’s the quality of the mobile apps. It’s how many branches you have; it’s whether they are in good shape; it’s access to ATMs and the call center and not to mention the product’s feature, functionality. And it’s really the combination of everything. And you need to be collectively competitive. And so, any one factor in a moment in time generally doesn’t tend to move the needle positively or negatively. But over time, if you’re not competitive, then, that’s when problems occur.
Darren King: It’s just about three years. It was a little shorter than that. But as rates went up and some of the mortgage-backed securities in there extended, the duration’s gotten a little bit longer.
Darren King: Sure. So, we will continue to work through the CECL process from the work we’ve done and talking to our peers, as well as talking to the regulators. We’re pretty much in line with where everyone else’s in those preparations. It’s our objective to start to run somewhat in parallel in 2019, in terms of making sure that CECL process is up and running and ready to operate on a quarterly basis, given some of the technical aspects of it compared to the current AOL process. But, at this point, we don’t have an estimate on what we expect the impact of CECL to be. I guess, in the grand scheme of things, given our reserve and where it is and when you think about it in relation to capital, you’d have to have a pretty meaningful change in your allowance to have a big change in your capital ratios. And so, as we think it through and look at it, we’re not anticipating a meaningful change in either direction to our capital ratios as a result of CECL. 
Darren King: We’re expecting that the cost of deposits is going to increase from here forward. And you saw this quarter, time deposit costs increase I think about 12 basis points. And when we look at the cost of our time deposits in our legacy portfolio and our Hudson City portfolio, they’re identical. So, from our perspective, those two portfolios are now merged. And we priced them -- we priced the whole network the same way, there’s nothing special for New Jersey anymore. So that’s what will start to move in concert. And as we mentioned, we expect to continue to see migration from money market savings balances into time. And the rate of increase in the time costs will be a function of mix, and how much goes into two-year CDs or even three-year depending on where Fed funds go, versus what stays in one-year or less. As we mentioned, in the commercial space, we have a number of balances that are related to the index and then obviously those will move exactly with the index. And then, the other costs of deposits will move in lockstep with the markets. We operate our bank obviously in competitive markets, and we have to maintain our pricing equal to that of our competition. And so, the rates of increase did go up a little bit this quarter, probably going to go up a little bit next quarter and over time, I think will start to normalize to what we’ve seen in terms of reactivity that we’ve seen in prior rising rate cycles. As we mentioned, I think the thing that is a little bit different for us compared to maybe some of our peers is just the mix, and the things we’ve been talking about before about the mix of noninterest bearing deposits in the overall book, and that helps minimize the overall cost of our deposits.
Darren King: Brian, I got to be honest with you. I don’t know the growth rate that we saw quarter-to-quarter in that portfolio off the top of my head. The total balances of floor plan are about $3.5 billion to $4 billion, and obviously those are on line. The increase or decrease certainly from third quarter to fourth is much a function of what’s going on in the industry and delivery of models as well as how fast the rolling off the lot. So, I don’t have an exact number for you on how much those might grow. If you think about what came off this quarter, it’s about $150 million, $200 million. We expect that that will go back on and a little bit beyond that. So, I guess, I’d be thinking kind of $200 million to $300 million increase from where we ended the quarter.
Darren King: So, I guess, if you think about this quarter versus last, total mortgage banking revenues were down about $4 million. That was about $2 million in residential side, both combined between origination servicing and about $2 million on a commercial side. The consumer side is a little more predictable, because a bigger chunk of our revenues is from servicing, and obviously the servicing portfolio is the declining asset, so it slowly marches down. We mentioned that we added about $9 billion for servicing over the course of the quarter; and so, the full impact of that will show up in the fourth. On the commercial side, there tends to be a little bit more volatility. History has suggested that that business tends to be backend loaded or weighted, meaning, we tend to see historically a little bit more volume in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. What we’ve seen and saw this past quarter in particular was a little bit of a slowdown in volume as rates were going up that people were reticent to lock with some of the movement. And the other thing, we saw a little bit of a remixing between Fannie and Freddie, which caused a little bit of margin decrease, which lowered the revenue we received. The good news is, is the mix also shifted to a space that’s little bit more capital friendly. So, not surprisingly, as the yields go down, so do the capital requirements to support it.
Darren King: I would think it’s little bit less than that because usually it’s the way subservicing works, you get higher rates, you’ve got MSR and you own the asset and a little bit lower, if your just the sub-servicer. So, I would be more in the range of 1 to 2.
Darren King: If you look at our spending, our total spending on tech, as a percentage of our operating expenses it’s increased each year for the last four. If you look at our compound annual growth rate in our technology-related spending for the last four years, it’s up kind of 8% to 10% a year, on average. And we see that rate continuing into -- or we see growth continuing into 2019 and 2020, but we see the rate actually starting to moderate a little bit. And especially as we remix the talent that is doing the technology work that that will help moderate that expense growth. But, what it doesn’t mean is that it slows down our ability to invest and deliver new product and capabilities for our customers and for employees. So, we are in an industry that is very tech-driven and we’re committed to making sure that we’re investing in the franchise at a pace that keeps up with the demands of our customers and employees, but manages the risk of how fast to do it.
Darren King: From a digital perspective, that number is quite high. The number of customers and the percentage of customers that are online is well over 60%. When we look at those that are mobily active that number continues to grow each quarter, and right around 30% of the customer base, which is up from about 25% last year. So, steady growth each month and each quarter.
Darren King: So, we have -- expectation is to grow in every one of our markets, by and large. No one gets a free pass at M&T. If you look at our expectations based on our market share, we would expect higher growth rates in New Jersey, in Philadelphia, in Baltimore, Washington, perhaps in the surrounding areas of New York City, just given our share there. As you point out, we have office in Boston that’s been officially open for just about two years now. It’s a combination of our Wilmington Trust franchise as well as our core banking franchise. And we’ve been making inroads there. But, the basis of our expansion is always the same. And it starts with our customers. And we follow our customers into new geographies and take care of them. Oftentimes, our real estate customers lead the way and we follow them into those geographies. And then, once we’re in there, we get involved in the market, like we normally do, both from a philanthropic perspective as well as being on boards and getting to know folks in the community. And that’s usually how we expand from there that we’re very selective in how we grow that we never compromise on our credit standards, as we do that. But, those are markets where we are definitely looking to expand, and Boston and Massachusetts is certainly on our radar screen.
Darren King: Sure, yes. So, obviously, Baltimore, our focus will be on protecting our customer base and continuing to grow and be meaningful and relevant in that geography, which for us is basically our second hometown. In Boston, just because of our physical presence, we’ll be selective there. And we’ll focus on the relationships that we have and expanding them judiciously. But, Boston’s a very large market. And actually, if you look at the top 20 MSAs in the country, one where the presence of the Big Four is actually quite small, with the exception of Bank of America. So, I’m sure that’s part of what’s on JPMorgan’s minds as they go up there. Our view is that it’s an attractive market. It’s a place where our way of banking we think fits. And we’ll look to grow at a measured pace and watch and see what opportunities present themselves.
