Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Paula, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T Bank's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, the reflection of caution yield, the deposit inflows, I think probably are a reflection of that.
Donald J. MacLeod: There are still some brokered CDs on the books from Wilmington, and there wasn't a lot of runoff this quarter, but there'll be a little more in the next 2 quarters.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any items on the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code (716) 842-5138.
René F. Jones: Yes. I think that, for the most part, most of the businesses held up very, very well on a linked-quarter basis, and as I talked about, the largest portion of the increase then came from some tax services that we provide, tax-related services that we provide to our customers, and that tends to be seasonal fees. We also had a bit of a lift because as you bring together the 2 entities, particular things like the funds, as you merge the funds, you begin to get synergies on net revenues. So net of fees, you're paying to service providers. So those things helped. If you look into the business, we saw a little bit of an uptick in the retirement services space. We saw that the capital markets group was a little weaker, continued weakness is probably what I would say because there hasn't been much issuance. Having said that, I guess as I think about corporate America and I think about what's out there, there's a lot of pent-up demand for refinancings, and so I think down the road, that probably bodes pretty well for us. But that was slightly weaker than maybe where it typically would run given the capital markets. And then also, we're seeing a little bit of a slowdown in where the agent brought in on syndicated loans because, obviously, credit is working out better. So we have the engagements we have, but in terms of new business, I mean, that's slowing, which is probably a good sign for the rest of the business. But overall, we're on track. We're sort of above where we expected to be and that's nice, and I think things are going pretty well there.
René F. Jones: I guess at some point -- I'll break that up for you. I don't have it with me right now. In part because we don't really think about it in exactly that same way, right? So at some point, if we break out CCS, which is the largest portion of the revenues from wealth, when I think about the wealth, right, again, I think about what's going to happen on the wealth side as an addition to the existing customer base. Much of that growth is going to be coming from M&T's preexisting clients, right? So as we offer them services whether they be cash management, wealth transfer or helping them exit their business, we kind of think of them in that way. So in part, I tend to look at some of that as how we're doing on our commercial bank side, right, and how is that working with our private bank. So we don't really break it out separately that way. But things are pretty stable. I'd say that if you think that a year has passed, I think our marks are probably good for keeping the portfolio relatively stable, but we still have a lot of work to do in order to go out there and penetrate the M&T customer base.
René F. Jones: Yes. At some point, I guess, we'll lay that out maybe in our Q or not, but I haven't done that yet, so...
René F. Jones: Yes. So the number of requests was relatively stable. If you remember, we had talked throughout last year and that we were somewhere around 25 to 35 requests. Last quarter, this quarter maybe we were somewhere around 36, 37 requests sort of at the higher end of that. But they still remain in check. Having said that, we're also concerned about the same sort of things that you saw, which is sort of changing behavior. We do our best, in fact, to be surprised, to reach out to the other parties to make sure we understand their pipelines, the things that are coming to us. But even with that, I would say, when you look at our Q, you'll see that we continued to set aside amounts either for make whole prices on loans, repurchase requests or reserves for future ones. So we're very cautiously looking at that stuff, and just because no one's called us, doesn't mean that we take the position that they won't.
René F. Jones: What we do is we keep disclosing how much we've charged in the quarter. I think, this quarter that was $10 million. Last quarter, it was $4 million. A year ago, it was about $10 million.
René F. Jones: Yes. I can talk a little bit about it. I mean, I think the growth is also kind of split between Philly, New York, Hudson Valley at about annualized growth of 5%. All of our Pennsylvania market saw about 2% annualized growth. And then in Baltimore, Washington, which includes Delaware, which is important, we're seeing about 4% growth. I mentioned this is important because you got to remember we've got he acquired portfolios underneath that are probably still running off, right? So one of the things that you saw in the addition of our move of stuff from non-accretable to accretable yield is simply the fact that in Delaware, we have higher prepayment fees than we probably initially thought. So that kind of gives you a sense that at least in the quarter that it's not really concentrated in one area. I would guess maybe part of the issue is that we probably still have less run-off in real estate because our book is pretty good, pretty clean.
René F. Jones: Average LTVs have been trending. Well, we -- let me start by saying, we haven't seen a significant pressure. First of all, last quarter, I said that there wasn't much change in terms of pricing pressure over the last 6 months. This quarter, that continued and quite frankly, even though we had higher volume, our pricing and our ROEs held up very nicely. So I thought that was very impressive. As you know, we track every deal we do both in terms of margin but also in terms of a full P&L. What it tells me is that a lot of the business we're getting is not just loan business but it's probably the operating business as well, which is the only way that you can really get in this environment pretty strong internal ROEs on the business. So if that helps, my sense is that we're doing a nice job of capturing full relationships. The LTVs, I don't think have changed. And I would guess, if you think of our total book, it sits in the 60s in terms of loan to value on commercial real estate. That hasn't changed at all.
René F. Jones: We -- how do I say this? We could have increased volume by moving in that direction, but we chose not to do that. So not for us.
René F. Jones: You -- I don't know if it's a change, but there's a pocket of business out there that you can get if you wanted to change your standards. It doesn't make any sense for us to change our standards. So I don't know if that's a change, but when I look overall, I didn't see a big change this quarter from talking to everybody in terms of competitive pricing and competitive structure.
René F. Jones: Yes. So let me think about it this way. So the way I would think about it is we said $14 million was in this quarter. I don't expect that to change significantly next quarter or the quarter after because that's real cash, right? And what you should know is that as you think about it over time, the number will come down because the loan book prepays, right? So you won't keep at that pace. But as I sort of look out just a last couple of quarters, we feel pretty confident that those cash projections will continue for that period of time, and then we'll have to give you better estimates as we move out.
René F. Jones: I think it was more -- I mean, I'm going to -- it might change to something more like $90 million, somewhere in that range, but you're pretty close.
René F. Jones: Well, I mean, the shelf is there because you got to have a shelf. In particular, we actually have to have a shelf technically because we have the TARP. So you got to have that. We did, for example, finance -- I should say, pay off about a $400 million borrowing of sub debt that was past disqualification, so it ran out of capital treatments so we prepaid it. And we have the opportunity to do things like that from some time so we did that, I think, beginning, I think it was July 1. So you have benefits from that. And then, ultimately, I think you've got it on the hybrids and all that. There's a lot room there, but I can't figure out the timing, all right, because it all has to go in sequence with whatever we end up doing with TARP and all the hybrids and the whole thing together. So I'm just not quite sure on timing, but as I look into the future, I have some benefit. That is not counted in my fact or those hybrids and those things are not counted when I think -- when I say I think our margin should be relatively stable for the second half of the year from where we are today.
René F. Jones: Yes, so I'll have someone check that. I don't think our -- I think almost all of that growth was the -- was what we held for the portfolio as opposed to increases in the pipeline. But I can get that for you. And then, really, again, if you think about it, I mean, if I look overall, on the C&I side, we had really strong growth in Upstate New York, 18% compounded -- annualized growth, but it's kind of across the board, New York, Philadelphia, Tarrytown -- or Hudson Valley, we saw the same. Pennsylvania, we saw growth. We saw a slight decline in C&I in Baltimore, Washington, Delaware. I think part of that is the prepay on Delaware, but it's also we had the payout of a large non-performer that would have been in the Baltimore area, so those -- the declines are coming from a positive thing. And then I talked about commercial real estate. There is nothing concentrated about it. It's not in one segment. It's not just in auto. When you kind of listen to everybody across the regions, it comes from a multiple different types of businesses. I don't think it's a big change. It's actually up slightly from where we've been running. But I think year-over-year, we probably have very similar growth. So for example, we had almost 10% annualized growth in C&I, but on a year-over-year basis, we had 10% growth in C&I. So I think things are holding steady, but they're going pretty well.
René F. Jones: Most of what we do or putting on the books is 101.3, right? So there's not a lot of prepayment risks in the sense that if it prepays, we end up just replacing them at very similar yields. I kind of didn't quite get what you were asking. The other thing to think about when you stay with that topic is that as you think about what's happening out there, we don't have some of the same risks as everybody else when you move to our securities book, which is MBS, because last year, we sold a couple of billion dollars of our securities book, and we sold most of the higher-yielding securities, right? So we have less concern about seeing high prepays that we couldn't replace.
René F. Jones: I got to tell you, we were looking at it -- we're looking at what all you guys are calculating. I think at some point beginning in next year, we'll probably have to publish it and put it on our Q as to what we think the impact is. But we really haven't finalized what our calculations are. I think at the end of the day, we'd rather be more certain than to do a speculative number there, but with the new NPR, we're beginning to do that. And I think by the beginning of or end of this year, beginning of next year, we'll be publishing something. Whatever we publish though, I think, will -- doesn't really reflect the fact that of anything that we'd be able to do to mitigate the impact, right? So whether it'd be MSRs, whether it be the deferred tax position that we have or the types of loans that we have on our books, I mean, there's -- or securities, there's probably a lot that we can over time to mitigate whatever the impact will be. But we'll -- in about 6 months, we'll be disclosing that -- those numbers.
René F. Jones: Yes. Let me give you a couple of things. So I'll try to make it as simple as possible, but I'll start with a caveat, which is we have to look at these things every quarter, and we look at all the cash flows. So barring any changes, generally, we talked about where we thought it would be for the next couple of quarters. It's a rough rule of thumb. I would say that the amount of change that would be in our numbers next year for 4 quarters would be equivalent to what we saw in the 3 quarters this year, give or take a few million dollars. And then it starts to run down further from there.
René F. Jones: Well, so we talked about a $14 million change, right? So -- and then we said that, that amount that we're adding is probably fairly similar in the next couple of quarters, right? So you take those 3 quarters and you get an amount. I would guess in the next year, 2013, our fourth quarter amount will be very similar to that amount, right? So it's coming down, but we've got 4 quarters instead of 3. And then from there, it continues and it's paced out, I mean, predicting it out many more years than 2013, I think, just probably doesn't make much sense.
René F. Jones: Yes, as loans pay off. So why I'm so cautious is the prepayments fees pick up the changes, right? If they slow down, it changes, and -- but that's generally what we have modeled to date as we sit here today.
René F. Jones: Yes, exactly, and it's because -- you got it exactly, Ken. And the reason that, that's the case is because we're talking about cash, right? So as those loans prepay, then the next question as we through analysis is did it pay on loans -- did we get paid on loans that we thought were impaired, is a good thing. Obviously, we get paid on loans that we thought were clean, right? So there's a lot of moving parts that come into it, but you've got the concept for it.
René F. Jones: You know we tried to be very diligent in saying that we've got a couple of basis points of compression almost every quarter, right? So I think that there that exists in my sense is, is that as we ran out on the liability side of repricing, which we know we're getting pretty close, so beyond the 2 quarters, I think that's the number that I would throw out there that we're going to see a couple of basis points of slowly [ph] margin compression. You've heard the earlier question Brian Klock raised is -- well then the question is can you refinance anything else in terms of hybrids and those types of things. We haven't thought about that. It's too far away to think of it.
René F. Jones: The latter is true. We picked up a few more clients, but I think we've got -- the activity we see is a lot from our existing clients. I think the Upstate New York is a whole different thing, and that's where a lot of the growth came from. But in other markets, I'd say it's just a little more quiet out there. So again, it's not a big change. I mean, it feels a little stronger this quarter, but I would guess if you took away the Western New York parts of things that it wouldn't be. Don is pointing out to me that the usage in outstanding is up a little bit as well, right? So it seems like outside of Western New York is coming from more usage.
René F. Jones: I'm going to guess and all -- everybody in the room is going to get queasy. I think it's around 16%. I think, we'll be around 20%. And I think you'll see in the second half, I can't -- really I think -- I think we'll see some benefit next quarter, but I'm sure we'll see benefit in the next 2 quarters from the conversions and things that we've done and actions we've taken and then maybe a little bit after that. But if I were to guess, I'd say, we're at 16% now, and by the end of the year, we'll be maybe not quite at 20% but pretty getting close or 18%, something like that. But turned out pretty well.
René F. Jones: Yes. So what we did is we, starting in the month of June, maybe even in the second half of the month, we decided to discontinue retaining a number of the 30-year programs. So we might have -- in the second quarter, I think the number's probably like -- about 63% of our production in the second quarter that we put on the books was above 20-year. And now we're on pace for that number of 30-year to be -- to go below 50. 20 -- 20 plus to go below 50 because we're discontinuing programs. I think we'll continue to do that. So the longer stuff will slow down by the time we get to near the end of the year, beginning of next year. I -- my guess is that what we'll be doing is using more 15-year-type paper and maybe 20-year paper to sort of replace runoff, right? But we had -- we started the program, I don't know, a year ago or so. It's -- we've had more volume than we thought we would get, right? And as I said all along, we only have so much appetite there. We really don't want to totally change the profile of our book, and we really only did this in part because we weren't taking on investment securities. So that's what I think will taper it off a little bit as we go, moving -- focusing on duration first and then volume.
René F. Jones: First of all, it's a great question. I don't know that I can answer the question because I would say whatever the efficiency ratio is of our book , which -- do we have it in the segment? I don't know if we have it in the segment either. It's just abnormally high today, right, because we've got a lot of volume coming on high margins, and you don't have the ability to ramp up your production enough, so it's abnormally high. So I think if you remove that or put it this way, what's happened really is we've got a nice benefit from mortgage banking, which will be somewhat short term. I don't know how long. But in the interim, we're going to have to really continue to focus on the expense side because of the core bank hasn't seen the full improvement yet that we need -- we probably need to see to sort of sustain a low to mid-50s efficiency ratio when the mortgage banking kind of subsides. But as you think about the Wilmington side, we're in pretty good position because we've got more expense savings that it will kind of flow in and the work is done. And the other thing, Erika, that I'd tell you is that in our expense space today is a fair amount of expense. I don't know how to characterize it. I don't want to say it's nonrecurring, but it's expenses related to gearing up for the new regulatory environment, whether it be consultants on -- that we use on capital policy or whether it be other expenses that we're using to sort of build out our new compliance structure and so forth, that over time, we'll settle down a bit. So even though you can kind of see when you look year-over-year -- and I think next quarter, you'll see year-over-year -- when you look, you'll be able to see the impact of Wilmington Trust. I think that there's still probably some room to at least to be able to sort of contain expense growth because our regulatory costs are high. One of the areas that's very high these days is professional services, right? And I think that's primarily because of all of the change that we're going through.
René F. Jones: I think everything you said the way you said it was true. So let me go back through. So first of all, yes, it was. After looking at the cash flows, we reclassified -- and this will be in our Q -- about $140 million from non-accretable, i.e. cash flows that were owed to us that we didn't expect to collect, we now expect to collect and were moved to accretable yields, right? And then -- and that comes from 3 factors. One, we worked out some deals in a more favorable way than we thought. The environment seems a little bit better but also because prepays are faster. Those aren't -- usually, those are pretty consistent in a sense, right? And so I think the last part is you never know. It depends on what happens to the economic environment, and if we see the current trends continue or continue to be more favorable than we've projected from now, yes, we could have more. And I think the way to think about it, again, is I point to the yields. I think, we've been doing that since we did the Provident acquisition, That's the way to look at this. That yield on the Wilmington Trust is almost spot on our -- what we're originating loans at today, basically, our legacy loans book. So that tells you that unlike most acquisitions you've seen in the past, those yields have been at a -- the loans have been booked at a significant discount. In our case, to the extent that we continue to see improved results even beyond what we see today, yes, there could be more, but it's hard to tell, right? The other thing I would point out is that to the extent that we look at any particular loan in our book and it goes the other way where the cash flows are worse, then we take that charge immediately into the provision. And we've done that over time. We had some of that this quarter as well, right? So it kind of goes both ways. But the accounting forces you to be conservative on the positive side.
René F. Jones: I -- one, I really don't know. I only could assume that what's really happening is people are trying to settle in to the change that's happened in the marketplace, and that change is not just driven by the HSBC sale. It's driven by the physical conversions. You know that recently the names on the branches on -- another set of branches changed to KeyBank. And then if you go further to other places in Upstate New York, that's continuing to happen. So the best I could say is just through this year is people kind of settle in and try to figure out where they want to keep their lasting banking relationship.
René F. Jones: I think the first thing to look at is our -- the allowance to loans is coming down, right? So you see it there. So the inputs to the allowance are, yes, there's improving credit. I think in part that's somewhat offset by the loan -- what we need to add for the loan growth, so if loan growth subsided, that would be -- you might see something there. And the other piece is that as we look at the acquired loan book, while we have $140 million of cash flows that as Erica said, we moved from non-accretable to accretable, from time to time, we'll see credits that go the other way, right? That we'll have to add to the provision immediately. So those are the components. But if you look at it last year, this time, our allowance to loans was 155, we're down to 146, so it's a fairly -- I consider that a meaningful decline.
René F. Jones: Yes. Let me look for that number. I don't know the number. 57, and just to make sure, I think, I believe that number. so it -- well, let me give you the numbers. I mean, that's probably easier. So we originated new locks, which were a total of $1.7 billion, okay? Only $864 million went to Treasury, okay? So take those out. So if you think about the gain on sale, you just take the $1.7 billion. Take out the $864 million, and you're left with the total. $492 million of that was HARP, and I think that gets you to a 57% of what we're selling, okay? We sell all the HARP.
René F. Jones: You always ask great questions. So first of all, I would characterize it differently. In a single year, we had 1% losses, right? And our job is to look at the losses inherent in our book that we can identify over time. And then to some extent, there's a portion that we might not be able to identify, right? So you can't use the 1-year loss estimate against the -- that process. I don't know, I guess if we continue to see the loan growth -- and I think there's going to be downward pressure on the allowance to loan levels. As we've seen, I don't see anything that's going to change it. I feel pretty good about the integrity of our process because the way I look at it, Collyn, is that the depth of the crisis, we had coverage of about 1.2% or something like -- actually, 1.5% of our charge-offs, 1.5x I should say, right? And so the idea that after the depths of a crisis, you're sitting there with a year's worth or a 1.5 years' worth of coverage, tells us that we did a pretty good job in our allowance methodology of identifying the risks that were inherent in the portfolio. I don't know how to think about it any different but...
René F. Jones: Yes. Well, I think the way I look at it is -- first of all, straight answer, I think, we've been funding everything with deposits because deposit balances have been very high. As we look forward, I think that the underlying loan growth is not bad, right? I mean, look at the stats we gave you today. And then I think really we kind of hit our -- we're getting close to what we think is a natural limit on the amount of resi mortgages we have on hold. So I'm not sure that even if rates stay low, that we'll be able to sort of go -- jump in and start buying securities again. We'll have to look at that. I think to date, it's been a nice substitute, but I think we're just very cautious. We don't tend to put a lot of long duration on. I don't know, we're kind of nearing about $10 billion. We're getting closer to $10 billion in the resi books. And I just think the best way to think about it is we probably, for at least for now, maybe hitting our tolerance level. I don't know how to -- I think that's the best I could tell you.
René F. Jones: I think it's mostly CRE and because a lot of it's coming from Wilmington and actually Provident, right? I don't know the exact number but most of it is CRE.
René F. Jones: Absolute dollar amount was really high. The average was about just under $1 billion. But at one point, I think we peaked at like $4 billion during the quarter. Right. So you just got the -- but they were there for 30 days or something like that or so.
René F. Jones: Yield on the margin -- well, I think I'll get that number for you, but somewhere in here, something like 380 was what we put on. Just give me a second. Let me find that. We put on -- well, I have to ask someone to find it for you, but I think it's somewhere in the high 3s in terms of -- yes, I'm looking at 360, somewhere around there. It's not too much change from where we were last quarter, so that's that. And then just give me the first part of your question again.
René F. Jones: We're not buying them. I don't know. We're not buying them, so they would -- I would guess, they'd be 50 basis points lower, but that's a guess. And to your other question on how we think about the natural limits, I mean, we look at a lot of things. We look at our asset sensitivity. We look at our duration and our exposure to any one class. We also think that about the profitability of those loans over long periods of time. And I don't know how to say it but I'd say that we're not reached any internal technical limit but we sort of [indiscernible] appetite today before putting it on pause, because remember for 20 or 30 years, we never retained mortgages, right? So we've moved the  position of debt. I think we're going to probably sit on it after a while and sort of see how it feels and watch the risk metrics and then go from there.
René F. Jones: I don't know if someone has it, but I think we've -- it's been creeping up a bit. But the last quarter, maybe it was around 10%, not very high. And I think it might be in the low teens, maybe 12%, somewhere in that range. It's even at an annualized basis.
René F. Jones: Yes, the gain on sale margins were relatively stable. We -- they move a little bit depending on the percentage that you have of HARP and the -- so in a sense, the actual number was higher because more of what we are actually selling is HARP, right? I don't know if I have the exact number. In total, the gain on sale, new losses, around 3%, right? And so that's definitely elevated because of HARP. I think, typically, we'd be lower 2s, maybe 2% if we were just talking about normal production.
René F. Jones: Sure. I think it continues for the rest of this year. I mean, our pipeline was strong. So when I look at like applications, I don't see a big change in that mix. And then I look and say to myself -- I'll give you a couple of numbers. We had application volume -- this is sort of the front end of the process. It was up 23%, linked quarter. And then we track another thing which we call our mortgage pipeline, which is apps minus things that are denied, withdrawn or closed loans, so it's the purest sort of indicator of what's going on into next quarter, and that was up 26%. So there is really no pace, a slowing of pace, right, as we kind of go from second to third in my mind.
René F. Jones: I mean, my guess it's a lot of moving parts in that business, but yes, I mean, I don't see a lot of things changing.
René F. Jones: It can be -- let me just say, asset mix and then we continue to try to think about ways in which we can change our behavior to make sure that we're optimizing that, and so our goal will be to focus on that number over time, whether it'd be on sort of looking at the amount of construction lending we've done or looking at how we -- making sure we're properly classifying loans and a whole host of other things. We look at it pretty closely. Again, I say it every time. We're the 90th percentile. That's not a good thing for us, so we're going to focus on that line.
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean, we saw improvements -- most of the improvement I would say is in the commercial real estate space. So a slight improvement in C&I, but one of the things you're seeing, Gerard, is that I think it has a lot to do with the low rate environment. I think it's also very much akin to what we talked about on the acquired book, which is that we're finding that we're able to either restructure or work out transactions more favorably than we might have thought. And part of that is because other lenders or the markets are actually willing to sort of step in at the prices that we've got, sort of the non-performing loans on our books at this point. And so we're seeing a lot of these things work out. I'm not sure if there's a real change in the inherent risk as much as there's a change in the market and appetite for actually taking on these assets that now have been written down at pretty heavy discounts, right, which on the flip side with the low rate environment, one of the places you can go to find yields is on these projects that were stalled and failed in the past that have been written down. So a lot of it is in the commercial real estate space. Also, prepayments being higher, when you look at our net interest income, when you look at the prepayments being higher, it's very consistent with that same theme.
René F. Jones: I think a basis on our balance sheet in Bayview is about 104, somewhere around 104, I guess. And then there's been no change. We don't -- we're not -- we don't have any great concern. I think that the Bayview Asset Management seems to be doing fairly well in this environment. And it's an environment where they have access to servicing portfolios, maybe without some of the burdens that some of the banks have. And they also have the ability to purchase assets and higher yields than you're getting out here in the low rate environment. So they seem to be doing very well and fine, no real change to anything there.
René F. Jones: I look at the yields as I looked at them some time ago, but they seem to be down a couple of basis points in a very consistent flip [ph] every quarter. Let me just take a quick look at that again but...
René F. Jones: Wilmington, Provident, so you mark those, right? So a year ago for one, I think some of them are Provident, so that's 3 years ago. So you can look maybe to the Provident to see there's something. But as someone just pointed out to me, I mean most of -- the majority of our time deposits are within inside a year, so I think you're going to continue to see the same sort of steady trend that you've seen over the last several quarters.
René F. Jones: Never say never, but I hadn't really thought about it. I mean, even so, think about it this way. It doesn't give us that much boost. I think on now accounts we're at 7 basis points. In savings, we're at 18 basis points at the end of quarter. So I guess my answer is it seems like we're almost there now.
