Darren J. King: Yeah. So I guess I'll start with the latter. You know, when we look at where we are with rates and the first set of increases, our expectation is that the reactivity early on is really low. And that for the first probably 100 basis points of increase, the net interest margin would increase9 to 12 basis points for each 25 of the first 100. And then, we'll go from there. When we look at the balance growth that we expect over the course of the year, we're really anticipating that much of the cash that we have on hand will start to deploy or move on. There's some Escrow balances that are tied to the index that we expect will run off in the first part of the year. And when you look at the brokered money market balances, those have a term on them and we expect those to decrease. When you look at kind of the core balances on the balance sheet, we are really expecting fairly modest decreases over the course of the year. There's the usual uptick in commercial balances that you see at the end of the year, that's part of what we saw in the fourth quarter where our middle market and business customers hold on to or build up their balances for distributions that usually happen in January and February. We also saw an uptick again in the fourth quarter in trust demand balances, which really reflect activity in the M&A markets in the agency business. And so those should start to come down a little bit. But at the moment, we're really not anticipating a meaningful rundown in our core operating account balances for 2022.
Darren J. King: Yeah, we're kind of in the same boat we were in the fourth quarter, John where we were pleased to see as you've noted the bottleneck clear and that things are happening. And we're hopeful that we'll receive positive news here in the first quarter.
Darren J. King: Sure. There's a lot to unpack in the question, Ken. So just starting with the cash and the securities. If you think about uses of the cash, there's two that we've been looking at. One is retaining our mortgage production and that's a way to get some duration and some yield. And so we're taking that on the balance sheet instead of in the securities portfolio in MBS. And when you look in the securities portfolio, over the last quarter, we've kind of shifted a little bit to shorter duration treasuries, kind of two to three years as the curve reshaped. And so we'll continue to build that portfolio but we're being patient, because we see where rates are headed. And so we're trying to trade off the incremental spread that you can get by putting more securities on the books with the downside of the mark-to-market risk that goes through your OCI and affects your tangible book value. And so that's what's on our mind, as we look through those balances.  The other thing, to keep in mind, as we talk about the brokered money markets and CDs coming off, that will be a use of some of that cash. And we also expect to see some use with Peoples when the two banks come together. And so, the cash we were watching it closely, we don't love having such excess balances that the donor much, but at the same token we want to make sure we're careful with how we start to deploy it. When you look at the balance sheet and the earning assets in total, so given that decrease in cash that would be the largest driver of a decrease in earning assets in our forecast of 2022 over 2021 but doesn't have as meaningful an impact on NII, obviously, because they're very low margin. When I look underneath and when I get excited about looking into 2022, is that across all of our portfolios, holding the specials, which I'll get to in a second aside, whether it's C&I, whether it's residential mortgage, or whether it's consumer, we are expecting growth in those portfolios. And, we do expect a decrease -- slight decrease in the CRE portfolio over the course of the year, for the reasons that we've talked about as we both reshape our go to market strategy there so that we can actually provide better service to our clients. As well as just the normal course of construction loans paying down and reaching their end.  And so, when you take that which is the core of the bank, it is actually low to mid-single digit growth in those portfolios. The -- what I would refer to or I refer to as the specials, one is the PPP loans and so when you look at those on an average basis in 2021, they averaged about $4 billion and that average in 2022 is down to about $0.5 billion. And so that's got a meaningful impact on the printed loan growth. And then the same thing with the Ginnie Mae buyouts where on average basis in 2021, they are around $3.5 billion and we think as those three pool and we put them back into the servicing portfolio and do the gain on sale, but those drop to about 1.6 billion. And so when you look at on average, so when you look at the what I would refer to as the specials, you kind of see a decrease in those balances. But that's the things that have happened over the course of 2021 and 2020. And so as we exit 2022, we start to have a more contemporary balance sheet that starts to skew a little bit more towards C&I and a little less cash on the balance sheet, which overall should start to see the margin increase and allow us to benefit from the rising rate environment.
Darren J. King: Well Gerard, that's a good question. We could debate whether capital is offense or defense but certainly to your point, holding 11.4% CET1 which I think will post quite high relative to the peers, when we're finished with the year is a higher level of capital than, obviously, we believe we need to run the combined organization, given the credit emphasis of both of those organizations. When you look at Peoples history of strong underwriting and you look at how our results have held up over the course of the last couple years, and the improvements we're seeing in the portfolio, we definitely see an opportunity to bring that down. And we will look to bring those ratios down over the course of 2022. You know where are the actual target and how fast we'll get down there will be -- will kind of be dependent on when we close and convert the merger. But as you think about targets of where we'd like to be and think about where we were kind of pre pandemic, that's a good place to think about where we might end up over the course of the next six quarters or something like that, once you get through the deal.
Darren J. King: Yeah, happy to. Well you see the full print when we put the 10-K out. But if you look at where the decrease was over the quarter, it was predominantly in the hotel and retail space. And when you look at the hotel portfolio, what we're seeing is we're seeing a couple things, we're seeing upgrades because when we look at our -- the activity that's happening in the hotel space, when you get to resort oriented hotels are ones that are more suburban and drive up. We've seen occupancy rates come back and being very strong. There's still some challenges in the larger city hotels as business travel isn't quite back to where it was, but thereafter pandemic lows. And then some of the -- when we look at some of the properties that have been refinanced by others, no matter what class it is, what we're finding is there are other institutions that are coming in and offering terms that might be interest only for one or two years and not fully amortizing, which for many of these properties is a very attractive alternative. What's kind of interesting about it is, if we were to restructure those loans, to a similar thing, similar setup, it would be a troubled debt restructure for us but for someone else it’s a new loan. And so, it is one of those things where I guess I'd rather have a payoff than a charge off. And so that's part of what's helping bring down both criticized and non-accruals.
Darren J. King: Excellent question and observation, Chris. That's definitely one of the things that is on our mind, as we think about the securities portfolio, not just the size of it, but the composition of it. Now, if you look within the people's portfolio, there's a large municipal bond portfolio there, which gives you a little bit different duration and composition. And so as we think about the cash that we have and how we want to build up our securities portfolio, we're taking that into account. As I mentioned before, we're also taking into account some of the other funding sources that people has on their balance sheet, that we would be able to reduce that funding and lower our overall cost of funding with the cash balances that we have. You know, obviously we're all in the same banking industry. So they're still also seeing some cash balances grow as well, and are looking to deploy them. But that's absolutely part of our thought process and patience on putting that cash to work.  And I guess as we've gone through the merger preparation process, we just continue to be excited by the combination of the two organizations. The cultures between the two couldn't be more similar. The focus on clients and the focus on geographies, the opportunity to have complementary product sets is encouraging and we're just between both organizations anxious to be able to go to market as one unified team because everyone can see the potential. Is there anything really new from what we saw going in, the answer is probably no. We continue to be excited about the opportunity to grow the small business segment within the Peoples portfolio and bring some of our treasury management into the C&I space. We're both pretty solid at commercial real estate. When you look at what we have from Peoples, there's some unique segments that they serve that we can bring to our client base. They are leasing equipment finance, small ticket leasing, some of the fun lending as well as some of the niche businesses they have, like the mortgage warehouse lending. And so we think the combination, we're still excited about it. They're very complimentary. We love the funding deposit franchise that they have and so -- no, no real big upsides in terms of new things, but certainly can continue the enthusiasm for what we saw back almost a year ago.
Darren J. King: Sure. So, by law there's a 15 day cool-off period once the approval is granted. And so technically, 15 days is your fastest. Usually, you're within that time period, plus or minus a week, depending on trying to manage things like month ends and quarter ends and the like. But, that's kind of generally the timeframe. And then once that's done, then you try to lock down a time to do your system conversion. And so, the complicating factor there is when you are merging with an organization that has a number of outside contracts and outsourcing where some of their technology is provided by third party, you got to coordinate with that third party to make that happen. And so we think it's probably in the order of 120 to 150 days post legal close that you can do the system conversion, and then you probably try and time it around a long weekend, to the extent that you can just because it helps derisk that system integration. But, obviously our mutual desire is for a quick close and as quickly as possible, a conversion so that we can get on to the things that I mentioned before, talking to customers and driving business.
Darren J. King: Sure, and on an end of period basis, we saw the floor plan loan is up just over $500 million, which typically you would see an uptick in the fourth quarter. There is a pattern to that business that you see balances built in the fourth quarter and a little bit into the first and then as those inventories get sold and ultimately, the dealers clear out there lots of one model a year to prepare for the next you see a decrease in the third quarter. And so, that pattern had shifted a little bit for the last 18 months, I would say and it has mainly been a decrease. So we were pleased to see some balances come back. And it's really about the level of production. And so if you looked from a dealer’s perspective, they love the current situation where the inventory is low and both time on loss is low, that's very helpful for their profitability. But you're seeing the manufacturers ramp up. And that's what was reflected in our auto floor plan growth. We expect that ramp up to continue, the SAR last year in 2021 was the lowest it's been in a while, a $14 million to $15 million or 14 million to 15 million vehicle level. I think we got as high as 17-17.5 pre pandemic. And so we'll see that start to come back.  One of the things that you're seeing in the dealers is the shift to electric and so I think there's some changeover that you're seeing that's compromising that volume in the short term. And so our expectation for floor plan over the course of the year is that we'll see balances and utilization rates tick up, not all the way back to what they were pre pandemic but maybe two thirds of the way back in 2022. And then the rest of the way back in, excuse me, about half of the way back in 2022, 75% of the way back in 2023, and then by the time you get to the start of 2024 you're probably back to where you were pre pandemic. And it's just going through that change within the manufacturing world that will drive the pace of inventory buildup at the dealers. But, long story short, it's a positive thing to see those volumes going. It's good for the clients and good for the economy.
Darren J. King: Yeah, you know, it's what I would describe as by and large the normal process with back and forth with questions. And, what's abnormal, obviously, is the time and some of the things that are happening around Washington and we're just got our fingers crossed and we're waiting. So fingers crossed some more or more dire than it is. It's I think it's just being patient that well, Washington gets through the backlog. And the optimist is that it's happening, right, we saw some deals get approved and we expect to continue.
Darren J. King: Sure. We've got obviously a lot of liquidity to put to work. And when we think about the securities portfolio, the steepness helps. What we'll probably pay a little bit more attention to is not just the steepness, but where the short end is. When we look at some of the cash we've been deploying, we've been deploying it in mortgages as I mentioned through the balance sheet as opposed to through the securities portfolio. And so instead of having NBS, we're actually putting mortgages on the balance sheet and getting some duration and yield that way. And so on in the securities portfolio, we've tended to skew a little bit recently towards the shorter end of the curve. So kind of in the two to three years space. And so that's really where we've been watching and looking. And one of the things that we'll pay attention to is from a shape of the curve perspective is where the forward rates are. And if we start to see the forward rates move, one of the other ways that we'll start to try and take some of that asset sensitivity off the table, maybe it will be through the hedging program and restarting the hedging program, depending on what we see there. So there's a lot of different avenues that we're thinking about, both to protect and grow net interest income as well as to put the cash to work. And it's just thinking through all the alternatives, not just M&T but the combined M&T with people and managing the asset sensitivity across the balance sheet, the securities portfolio, and hedging and making sure that we're getting maximizing yield without over hedging at the same time.
Darren J. King: Yes. I think, as it relates to the CRE portfolio, the way to think about it is the decrease in balances will be consistent but slow. And what we're looking to do is more on a prospective basis as we work with our existing clients as well as new ones and we're helping them finance their properties that will look to use a mix of both our balance sheet as well as the balance sheet of others. And so what'll happen is the rate of growth, of new originations will slow and that will be what drives the decline because there's normal amortization and there's normal pay offs that happen. But obviously, as we make that shift, then we'll start to grow the fees and the fee income will come. It will probably lag by slightly the net interest income but the flip side of that is that it reduces the capital required to support that. And so that allows us to both improve the economics of the individual deals, but then to manage our balance sheet and manage our equity levels and either deploy it into other high yielding customer segments and asset types or to deploy back to shareholders. And so, when we think about it from an EPS perspective and a return perspective, while the balances might decline, it is in our opinion additive to returns and additive to EPS. 
Darren J. King: Yeah, I guess, as we look forward, I think it's safe to say that for 2022 we'll be retaining most of those mortgages and perhaps in 2023 we'll look at where gain on sale margins are and what constraints, if any, the mortgages are putting on the balance sheet. We'll think about whether or not we want to hold NBS in the future instead of having the mortgages on the balance sheet as rates move up, then you start to reduce some of that convexity risk that sits in the NBS portfolio, and we might think about shifting some of the balances there as well. If you went back and looked at our balance sheet through time you would see that the mortgage balances peaked when we acquired Hudson City, and we came down from there so that would probably be the upper bound. I don't think we'd get to that level. But overall our objective is to maintain a diversified balance sheet across geographies and customer segments and asset classes. And so, the mortgage portfolio got a little bit smaller through the course of the last few years, and we'll look to build it back up where the ending point is. Again, we'll come back with a little bit more detail there. The reason I'm not giving a specific target is, Hudson City has mortgages on their balance sheet as well. And when we put the two organizations together, sorry Peoples -- I am sorry, having PTSD, when we combine with Peoples they also have mortgages on their balance sheet. So again, like we talked about with the securities portfolio, we're thinking about not just what we look like by ourselves, but what the combined organization and balance sheet might look like. So we're taking that into account as well. 
Darren J. King: Well, it depends and that's why we got the range. There's some part of the deposits that are pegged to the index. And so if it's just those that moved, then you're down enough kind of a 5% to 10% range of deposit reactivity. If it happens to get all the way up to 25% to 30%, then you would get to the lower end of that range. But, I think we believe too much like others that with all the excess deposits in the system, and excess liquidity that the reactivity, at least for the first few hikes, with the exception of those that are tied to an index will be pretty low.
Darren J. King: Well, it's I guess, I will start with it's hard to say what the new normal is given the inflationary environment we're in. If we step back and we will give context, if you look at our expense growth, compound annual growth rate over the last two years it's actually under 2%. I think it's about 1.6% or 1.7%. And so what happened was when we took the actions we did in 2020 to adjust some of our expenses given the environment we were operating in, most notably compensation that we actually had a decrease in 2020 compared to most others who had an increase. And so it came back in 2022 -- 2021, excuse me. And so when you look over the course of the average over those two years, we're talking 2% expense growth, which in this inflation environment is pretty good and pretty consistent with M&T's long term average. And so when we think about 2022 and the 3 to 5, there's a couple of things going on there. One is just when you look at the changes that happened over the course of 2021 and where we ended the year, it's annualizing the run rate of the fourth quarter, bakes in some of growth just by itself. And then on top of that, as we mentioned, we start to come back to a more normal environment, and we see advertising and promotion expenses come back closer to what they were pre-pandemic, although not all the way back.  And then as we talk about investments, the software and outside data processing and outside data processing is largely tied to volume. And so as we see fee income growth, we're going to see expense growth. And a lot of the software licensing and maintenance is as we continue to make our investments in the franchise and we shift more to buying software rather than developing it ourselves and using the cloud that you see some of those expenses move up. And obviously, as we make those investments they will have countervailing impacts on other parts of the organization, notably in professional services and salary and benefits costs. But there'll be a timing mismatch, and so those should help us moderate expense growth in the forward years. But some of it is just the timing of when these changes occurred in 2021 and then their full year impact in 2022.
Darren J. King: I appreciate the clarification. We'll go back through some of the categories. When we look at the C&I portfolio and our expected growth rate there, which would include what we talked about in the floor plan business as well as other C&I. We're actually expecting growth in 2022 on an average and an end to period basis, that's low double digits. When we look at residential mortgage growth as we retain the balances on an average basis, we think that's mid-single digit growth and the consumer business is up upper single digits. The only one portfolio where there's some decreases is the CRE portfolio and that's for all the reasons we've talked about. When you put all those together, you've got kind of mid-single digit growth in the core portfolio, which I think is consistent with what we're seeing and how we're thinking about the world and taking advantage of the growth that's out there. It’s the size of the PPP and how well we did in 2020 and 2021 that is affecting the average and the total. And then the other piece is the Ginnie Mae, but outside of those things, we're seeing the growth that you're talking about. When you talk about deposits, the core deposits and the core operating accounts of our customers, were not expecting material decreases. It's some of the deposits where they're tied to an index and they would not be what we can consider core operating accounts that we're anticipating some decline and whether that's the brokered money market and brokered CDs, as well as escrow balances. And so it's just continuing to look to optimize those balances and deploy that excess cash in a way that is additive to clients without and being shareholder friendly. And so I guess when I look forward at 2022, you make it sound dire. Actually, I feel as optimistic as I've been in the last 18 months about the prospects for all the reasons that you talked about. It's a little bit difficult with some of the moving parts on the balance sheet. But when I look forward at what we've got in front of us, whether it's deploying the excess cash, it's growing the assets as we talked about deploying the excess capital, there's a number of opportunities and options that we have in front of us to continue to grow the bank and make 2022 and beyond the same M&T that you're used to seeing. And so it's just getting through some of these transitions that are happening on the balance sheet. But underneath I think things look really good.
