Daryl Bible: Yes, happy to do that. So on the criticized increase, it’s really just more of the same that we’re seeing. It’s more increases just in our IRE portfolio, primarily on the office side for the most part. So nothing really different from trends that we’re seeing as far as non-accrual, there was one large property that was sold in New York that was a primary driver for the non-accruals. We actually had an in that helped margin probably by about $5 million in the quarter.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So I definitely agree with you, Manan, in that we do have excess capital. But right now, the economy is still kind of unpredictable rates higher for long go, we will probably continue to have stress on clients over the next couple of quarters if that actually comes to fruition. They were just trying to be conservative and cautious at the same time. And it’s also for us to actually have an opportunity to continue to grow organic growth in our commercial and consumer books and our trust folks as well. So I think we’re just trying to be cautious and we know when the economy gets a little bit more comfortable, we will consider repurchases there. It is true to our long corn strategy, the capital distribution back to the shareholders. It’s not going anywhere, but we just want to continue to make sure that we’re strong and can grow and serve our customers right now.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Manan, it’s really the biggest driver for the net interest margin for us right now is really what happens to our non-interest-bearing deposits. We were down $2.3 billion that was better than what we thought it would be. And we think that it’s slowing down. We will see how that plays out in the fourth quarter. But that is probably the biggest determining factor. When you look at our balance sheet, though, I’m actually pretty pleased with how the assets are repricing. If you look at the reactivity rate of some of our fixed portfolios, if you look at this quarter, like our consumer loan portfolio was up 22 basis points. We have home equity in there that is prime related, but that’s a smaller percentage. We have really good repricing and other consumer portfolios like auto was up approximately 300 basis points in what was rolling off versus what was rolling on. If you look at our RV and loan portfolio, that was up approximately 250 basis points of what was rolling off from on, so I think once we get more stability in the disintermediation of deposits, I’m more favorable and the margins stabilizing. I think the asset side is actually performing pretty well.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So on the office side, I would tell you, our credit team, we feel really on top of what’s going on there. I think we are actively looking at any credit that could be and have any issues whatsoever. We’re looking at it. I’m trying to put the right valuation in there. We traditionally run with a higher level of criticized assets because we have a lot of long-term clients that have been with M&T for a long time period. They have other sources of cash flow to help carry the loans and are willing to put in equity to help support the loans. When we do find loans that there is not support around, we will probably move to exit those. As far as the valuations go, there is still not a whole lot of specifics out there. We did have that one sale for us that actually was a little bit better than what we had at mark there, but that was one – one big loan. So I wouldn’t say that’s a trend by any stretch right now. But I think we feel pretty good on where we are. As far as the other asset classes, I think we – just with rates higher for longer, just puts more just tougher for some of our – the customers. And multifamily is an area that we are looking at as well. Nothing really is popping out of anything very superior there yet. But we’re just trying to stay ahead of what potentially could happen and kind of be preemptive if we see anything. So we’re just preparing our credit team is very experienced. We’ve been very good with commercial real estate for a long time, and we are on top of where we are.
Daryl Bible: Yes. From a framework perspective, it’s really when the intermediation slows down. And when distribution slows down, I think on the asset side, is performing well and will continue to reprice higher because I think we’re going to have a steeper curve for a longer period of time. And hopefully, that will happen in the next couple of quarters, but it’s really hard to know right now we think it’s slowing but I think we will just see how that plays out. I’ll give you guidance next earnings call on the fourth quarter on that. But conditions could be slowing down with what we’re seeing right now, but one quarter is not a trend. I just want to get a couple of quarters under our belt before we really say net interest margin is going to stabilize.
Daryl Bible: I think we have the strong position at the Fed that’s intentional for us right now. We want to be really conservative with our cash and liquidity position. Like I said earlier, the economy is – do it okay, but slowing down and maybe hopefully not get into a recession, but we just want to be really careful and cautious from that perspective. So I think it’s an intentional where we’re staying there. will we invest some of that obviously into loans, we would love to do that to support our customers, but we are not widening our credit box whatsoever. We’re going to grow what the market will give us, but we do think there is opportunities to grow relationships and to potentially grow balances in some of our loan categories. So we will see how that plays out. As far as deploying some of it the cash into the securities portfolio, I would just say that over the next year, you might see us move a little bit to the investment portfolio, but it will be on a gradual basis.
Daryl Bible: We haven’t made that probably, Matt, but it continues to increase where we are right now. So we had an increase in our allowance, we had a little over $50 million. I’d say about half of it went to the CRE portfolio, and half of it went to the C&I portfolio. So I think we were adding it where we think it’s appropriate based upon our models and performance.
Daryl Bible: I mean this past quarter we had growth in our dealership businesses. As the strike was starting to happen, I think a lot of dealers actually stocked up on used cars, and that actually drove an increase in utilization in that one sector or a little bit earlier than normal there. That will probably continue to play out, I think into the fourth quarter, while would be one. Our large corporate banking, I think has some growth opportunities where we are positioned there. Specifically on fund banking, I think we are growing there nicely. It’s a very conservative portfolio, very short-term oriented, lower risk areas. So, I would say most of the growth that we are seeing is in the C&I space. Those are the highlights right now. It is very competitive in middle market C&I. We are trying to be competitive there. But right now, the higher interest rates are just putting a lot of our commercial clients to be a little bit more cautious. But when they are willing to borrow, we are trying to help them when that’s – when we are able to do that, so.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think obviously, Bill, I mean people that did swaps 3 years ago are really fortunate that they did, but it depends on the maturities when they roll off. And when they do roll off, it does put pressure on some clients that basically just have higher interest payments there. So, that is impacting much broader than just office, broader than just CRE. It’s impacting, I think all of America right now, to be honest with you. I mean just higher rates for longer. I think the Fed wants to slow the economy down and we are definitely having that impact to do that, and they are accomplishing what they are achieving there. But we – like I said earlier, we are on top of the portfolios where we see maturities coming up. We are looking at what we have to do, if anything, do they have other support on it. So, we are trying to stay ahead of what’s coming down the pipe. Most of the maturities and swap are lined together so that they are pretty much in balance. So, when things come close to mature on loans is when we see if there is anything that needs to happen from a lending perspective. But I think the Fed is accomplishing what they are trying to do is slow the economy down, bring inflation down, and it’s definitely having that impact.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think as the new rules play out and as we get comfortable working within the rules, we obviously start with a higher cushion at first. And then as you get used to managing the book and everything, I think we will tighten it up over time. But my guess is that we probably have a higher buffer coming out of the blocks. You have to really adjust your investment portfolio since the AFS is going to now go through the regulatory capital ratios to probably run with shorter durations either outright or invest longer with hedges that bring in the durations one way or the other, just so you have less volatility there. So, it’s really just getting used to how we manage all that process. But our teams are working on that now and we will start operating that way probably well before we get the roles actually implement it from that perspective.
Daryl Bible: So, the corporate finance math is screaming that it’s a five right now. It’s really more of our cautious position, conservative nature that we have to make sure that we have really strong capital, strong liquidity to really weather what comes our way. I mean if the Fed stays higher rates, let’s say, for 3 years or whatever, that could really have a big impact on the economy. We just want to be really cautious and all that. So, I think we are just trying to be prudent with it. Like I said earlier, the capital has not gone anywhere. We won’t – I promise you we would deploy it in a really shareholder-friendly manner from that. But right now, we have strong capital, strong liquidity, which has been really helpful for us since the March-April timeframe, and we will continue to operate and be a strong supporter of our customers and communities that we serve.
Daryl Bible: I will tell you, once we make that decision to go, my guess is you will find out very quickly when that decision is made.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, we didn’t do a press release on it, but we did buy two loans from that same purchase P&C did. I think it was a total of about $300 million in that commitments, it was at fund banking. So, we did participate in there and we are able to get a couple of those loans as well. But we are constantly looking at where we can grow our customer base that are good, long-term customers that fit. We just don’t want to do asset purchases. We want relationships is really what we are looking for to drive our organic growth from that. As it relates to acquisitions, it’s just – you and I have been doing this for a long time. When I started, we had 18,000 banks in the early ‘80s. Now, we are up to about 4,000 banks and it’s going to continue to shrink. I think M&T has a great track record of acquiring bank over time. And that strategy hasn’t changed. Our strategy is really to control and have lots of density in the markets that we serve. So, I think if and when we do purchase acquisitions, it probably won’t be a surprise in where we are going and what we are trying to do from that perspective. So, the strategy is there and it will happen at some point down the road. The interest rates definitely make it a little bit more challenging now just because of the impact on capital. But like anything, things change over time, and we will be there when we need to and do what we have been really good at before, and we will continue to do that.
Daryl Bible: Yes. We have a long history of working with our clients. Client selection is really huge for us and how we look and underwrite, Silicon the CRE portfolio. We deal with people that have been in the business for a very long time that aren’t just looking at that real estate investment that they have as an investment for more as a long-term strategy to their company and their family from that perspective. So, I really don’t look at trying to get out of the criticized loans. If somebody is not going to support it, we will probably exit over time. But I don’t really view how we are approaching it. I think it’s a great way to develop and keep relationships over the long-term. It’s the right way and a fair way to do it, as long as they are willing to support their properties and loans with us from that perspective. I think overall, though I think the industry is much safer than what it has been over the last couple of decades, I think everybody is trying to do the right thing. We have the benefit that we have some really long-term customers that have been with M&T for a long period of time, and we try to bank the people that are really top in market in all the markets that we serve.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, if you look at the macro factors, our macro factors when we run our allowance models, basically were pretty steady. Actually, the crepe [ph] and that’s actually improved a little bit. But the other economic statistics are pretty stable versus the prior period. And really what drove the increase was really softness in some of the asset values in the CRE portfolio is what we were seeing and thought it made sense to add some more reserves in those. As we get more examples of what valuations are that could help drive more or may actually – I think we feel really reserved where we are today, but we just want to continue to have a really robust allowance for the needs of our borrowers and make sure we comply with all the rules that we have there. But it was really just a little bit of softness in some valuations.
Daryl Bible: There is just not a lot of activity going on in some of these markets right now. So, you are basically, there is a big market dislocation. A lot of the markets we are doing as conservative as they are with a net present value cash flow perspective. And we – I think I went through it last time, but if some is not leased today, we assume it’s not least for 3 years. If something is coming off lease within the next year, we assume that there is a 1-year gap period before it gets released. Those type of cash flow adjustments are kind of what we are marking to, but we don’t have anything to look at. But when you get a certain example, I would say then we can make an adjustment. Our best though right now is that there is a lot of money waiting on the sidelines potentially that when the Fed does decide to keep rates more stable and maybe signal rates going down at some point, I think there will be a lot of money that will jump back into the system. Right now, there is just not a lot of going on, and there is a very wide bid-ask spread.
Daryl Bible: Yes, that’s a good question. For the fourth quarter, is just our gut feel that it might be higher. It could actually be the same or lower, to be honest with you right now. But just knowing what’s going on right there, it might be higher, but we really aren’t sure about that yet. Next year, we aren’t really giving guidance, but from a framework perspective, our allowance will build when either market economic conditions allow for it or you see some deterioration in customer behavior from that perspective. But right now, I think we are really on top of what it is, any areas that we potentially could have risk in our credit teams are all over it, looking at the reviews and the analysis that we have. And right now, what we feel that our reserve is adequate, and then we are in good touch with where the risks are.
