René Jones: We haven't changed anything from our initial announcement. I think we said that we're targeting 15% cost saves, and we would get the full run rate of those saves by the end of 2012. So we still have the same assumption.
René Jones: Well, no. A couple of things. There is an interest rate mark. So the way you think about it is you take a look at the loan portfolio in all of the exposure, and you determine what the fair value is. And then for those loans that are classified as nonperforming, in today's vernacular, they would be purchased impaired loans, and they would be put into a separate category. The only exception that we have there is that for revolving lines of credit tied to a loan in work out, you're not allowed to include those in those categories. So the treatment is exactly the same, right? So they're just not eligible for SOP 03-3.
René Jones: Yes. So when you -- the short answer is not much has changed. If I look at the volume of what came to our committee this quarter, interestingly enough, it was at slightly higher margins than last quarter. But that probably doesn't change the overall trend that we've seen over the past quarters as institutions have gotten healthy. And as loan demand has remained weak, pricing is pretty competitive. So when you look at like sort of a time series of the margins we were booking over time, you definitely see sort of a downward pressure. Early on, we've said that, that was with banks that had a lot of liquidity that were smaller. But today, I think you see it across just most of the competition. I'm thinking in Pennsylvania, we seem to see some interesting pricing from 2 different types of banks, those that have a lot of liquidity and actually those that normally don't. But I think today -- in today's position, like us now, are carrying large amounts of cash that are uninvested because people keep not investing and actually are building up cash balances.
René Jones: Yes, I mean, I thought was that from the transaction we did in the second quarter, obviously, a lot of moving pieces. But what I thought is that we would pay the remaining part in due course. And generally, the way we think about it is that we wanted to be able to generate, use our earnings generation and over a period of time, we'll be able to pay it off. We don't have a long time horizon for it, but we'd have to go back and go through that process to make the remaining payment. So I can't really articulate on the timeframe, but it's -- we're not looking way out there. Our intention is to retire the TARP in the near term.
René Jones: Yes, Sure. Well, I mean, it's a good question. I guess, if you'd just -- it's a really fundamental thing for us, right? So if you look at all the securities that we could buy, we're very low on securities. In fact, I think if you look at securities across our peer banks, we might be among, if not the lowest, in terms of security as a percentage of assets. So we're very asset sensitive, and it's our intention to sort of not let that asset sensitivity to expand a lot more. Maybe we want to reduce it a little bit. And if you think about what we could buy, most of the securities have a mortgage component to them, right? So at the end of the day, our thought process is it's just more efficient to buy -- to retain our own rather than paying a transaction fee for somebody else's fixed-rate assets. It's just as simple as that. Intuitively, they're all coming from the market, so they should be priced appropriately minus the guarantees so.
René Jones: No. We'll retain a fair amount of our production. Think about it this way, Ken. I think we had $300 million of core loan growth this quarter, and we had $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion of deposit growth. So if I gave you a number, I'd have to give you new number, right? There's a need for fixed-rate assets just to manage the risk position.
René Jones: I wish I could. The fees are a lot easier because you're just pulling over their GL. But I can tell you what, I can give you an estimate of what I think M&T's core expenses is, it's probably the easier thing. But remember, a lot of Wilmington expense is associated with people that we've hired to do the operations and all the things that are in M&T's thought centers. But give me a second, and I can probably give you a view. One second. It's pretty hard to do. I would guess, if I looked at it -- I would say if you look at overall expenses for M&T, they were down about $10 million quarter linked quarter-over-quarter.
René Jones: No, M&T expenses are down. M&T's expenses are down linked quarter, and it's a little difficult to tell you exactly how much. For example, the comp is down like $21 million on the linked-quarter basis, just excluding Wilmington.
René Jones: No. I mean, we haven't gotten much, if any, cost saves to date. And remember, it also gets confusing because you've -- we bought it on May 16, right? What they took on their books in the first 45 days versus what we took at 50, it's a hard estimate to make. So I think the best way to think about it is, we have very little cost saves in the numbers today. All we've done is on a legal merger.
René Jones: Yes. Yes, sure. I mean, so at the deal, we had -- I don't know, about $180 million to $200 million when we announced our deal Wilmington had of deferred tax that they couldn't use. And that expanded up to about $292 million by the time we closed the deal. We could use all of that for GAAP purposes as you kind of mentioned because M&T's earnings were so strong, and we were able to use it. We disallowed about a little more than $130 million related to the deferred taxes created by Wilmington, also created by the deal. So that amount would be something that, to the extent that we remain profitable over the course of the year, as you roll, you would be able, eventually, to realize that. But you just can't do it out of the gate because the regulators limit you to a one year -- 12-month look forward.
René Jones: Okay. I'll tell you the way think about it. So you've always had this issue, right? You mark the assets and then you've got to take the mark back in to the yield. The way we think about it at M&T and the way we've been doing our marks is that we try to keep our very conservative -- consistent conversative culture on the credit side, right? So we think when we give the credit mark, we're focusing on keeping that solely around credit. We think it's a pretty conservative way to do it, and it's actually, the people doing it are the same people who are underwriting M&T loans, right? So then when we come back to looking at the yields on those acquired assets, essentially, they should be pretty close to what we could -- what M&T could generate a yield on any particular asset category today, right? The only adjustment would be that if it's depending on the credit nature, the credit grade of the loan. So for us, you're not getting a lot of yield inflation, right, beyond what it would cost you to have booked an M&T loan in a particular category on May 16. And I kind of give it to you that way because when I look at the yields, I look at them almost as purely -- pure M&T yield. Said another way, what we do is we exclude all the cash flows that are not going to get collected, and then we treat the remainder of the loan as close to cash and as cash payments as we can.
René Jones: If the loan were to pay off -- no, no, no. If the loan were to pay off because of credit on the credit portion, that's an adjustment to the -- we don't -- okay, so we...
René Jones: Well, the ones that we marked down, we don't expect. But we've made that adjustment. Then we take the remainder, right? And what we're using as a yield is basically as if it's a cleanse loan, right? A loan that M&T would be willing to generate that has been stripped of its known credit risk, right? So you're accreting it back in, but it's -- you're asking me, it's almost like asking me, "What's the yield on an M&T loan that I made yesterday?"
René Jones: If you -- how do I say this? It would matter a lot. It's not a bad question, it's a good question, Steve. If you were to say that you were putting in a really large discount rate when you mark an interest rate mark on the loan, right? You would be -- you would have a yield that would be significantly higher, right? What I'm saying is that on the way that we're looking at it, we're not inflating our yield significantly beyond what you could make the loan for today.
René Jones: Yes. Well, it's hard to see. What we said in the upfront, the thing hasn't changed. We said $159 million, but that's kind of mix between marks, I think. Some of the stuff was marked and some is in merger. I can tell you that I would guess that the second -- the first quarter -- I'm sorry, the third quarter would look a lot like the second, and that we would have an amount in the fourth quarter. I'm not quite so sure about that, right.?I mean, in my mind, it's going to be equal portions as we work our way through this year.
René Jones: Well, sure, John. I mean, we said that we're going to be -- we'll look at the whole discretionary portfolio. We're going to be retaining mortgages. It's hard for me right now to tell you what that volume might be. But $400 million a quarter, $500 million, somewhere in that range. And then on the securities purchases, you're not going to see anything drastic, but I do think that you probably would have more of a consistent purchase of securities over time each quarter than we've seen in the past, right? So I think on average, our securities book was down $1 billion from the first to the second quarter. I would expect that to change a bit and head in the other direction. So we won't see anything drastic, but we'll probably do it fairly consistently. And you'll see that as you look at the queue, you'll see our interest rate profile just keeps moving to the asset sensitivity, and we need to sort of slow that down.
René Jones: Yes, the securities portfolio is 2.7, I believe, is the duration, and that's just slightly higher than maybe what it is historically, 2.5. And then if you bring in the -- we look at it by putting in the mortgages as well. So that 2.7 goes up to 3.5 if you include the $5 billion of resi mortgages that we have.
René Jones: Yes, I can. We've seen -- as you've seen in the numbers, the C&I growth has been respectable. And as we kind of look back to the pipeline over the last -- since February, so last 5 months, there has been an uptick in 4 out of those 5 months in the sort of the pipeline of loans that are going to come to committee or are going to go through committee and be booked. So it's pretty steady in terms of C&I growth. I think that real estate is -- it seems slow, but I would caution you on that because there's still a lot of pay downs, right? And we've got loans that we're working out. Also in the quarter, we had a number of participation outs, sort of credits that were in the process of being participated or syndicated. So there's probably very modest growth in C&I and the underlying trends in our numbers. And then as you look to the consumer side, I mean, it's just steady. I can't tell you how many quarters, it's probably 8 or more, where we've had a steady decline with the consumer deleveraging. And as I look around the footprint, the Mid-Atlantic this quarter was a little -- was actually down, I think, it had to do with syndications and maybe a little bit weaker loan growth. But other than that, the trend is pretty consistent across the board. Actually, one of the best performers for us, I think, in loan growth, I believe, is Western New York, which tells you a lot.
René Jones: Thanks, Marty. I mean, I like what we've been able to do. You mentioned that the 2 items, obviously, that makes a difference to the gain on Wilmington. And I point out that even without the securities gains, we still would have been on target to what we assume. We're actually some 20-some -- 22 basis points or more over. So with that attributed to just sort of the health of M&T. So I think, I like where we are. We'll probably -- it won't take us long to sort of get up to 7%. And I think that's important because as you can see, where the economy is, there's just not a lot of appetite for loan growth. So it's nice not to have a tremendous amount of excess liquidity -- I'm sorry, excess equity sitting around. So we're going to have to use it for something. And as I said before, with respect to the TARP, the TARP is actually, over time, a drain on our tangible capital. And so I think it probably puts us in good position to sort of meet all of our target ratios and to move out of TARP on schedule. That's probably as much as I can say about it, Marty, but I think your instincts are good.
René Jones: Well, if I could, I would have had to recapture. I think -- I still think that the nonperforming loan book is high by historical standard, and we think that there's been some improvements in trends. But on a relative basis, I don't think we're yet ready to say that the loss content in the book is down. If you look at a couple of things, if you look at unemployment, it's still high. A lot of uncertainty around the housing market, liquidations and the liquidation prices of homes are up, oil prices are up. So in our minds, we'll wait until we see some better sign.
René Jones: Yes. Let me tell you what I think, but I'm not sure how good it is. So we got to -- they've come up with a guidance. We obviously have to wait until October 1 to be able to get the specific rules. So you'd have to put a range around it. And what I'd say is that we've not been that great at coming up with speculating on these ranges before around NSF. We waited till the final to give you a number there, we got to the quarter we did. And what we've been seeing over time is, even with the NSF, is it's actually not been as bad as we initially saw in part because of the way consumer behavior has changed and the number of people opting in and so forth. But I would say that if you just take just the fourth quarter, we're talking somewhere between on a gross number with us doing nothing to sort of offset it, $15 million to $20 million. And then if you start to think out, it's really hard to give you a number beyond that quarter because you don't know what the customer behavior is, and then we have not necessarily been able to sort of quantify our reaction to it. So that's what I know.
René Jones: Well, we're in the process of doing that. We're in the process of designing checking accounts. I don't expect them to come out real soon. But we've got a whole host of things that will roll out over time. But one of the things that I would tell you about is that everybody was concerned about the whole prechecking model. And at a time when competitors were sort of publicly moving away from prechecking, we kind of continued to offer it. And it's been really interesting in the sense that when you look at our checking account balances on the retail side, they're probably, I don't know, $300 million or so higher than we would have expected them to be at this point in time. And that's 2 things. People are keeping more deposit, more balances in those accounts. Relative to the first half of last year, the average account balance is up 8%. And then on top of that, what we're seeing is that we've got very, very strong sales over that period. And that's not just within prechecking, it's in all checking products over time. If you compound that with the fact that we're opening significantly more accounts than last year, we're closing less, and then you compound that with the fact that what we're noticing is a net positive trend of people opting back in as they sort of look to find where their convenience spot is around dealing with the NSF thing, all right? Wat you kind of see is that introducing the new product seems to make sense. But going slow with your change, you learn a tremendous amount, right? So we'll do some of these things. You saw that we introduced the credit reports that you can get, which is the type of thing we would like to do. Why? Because it's a real service to someone with all the fraud that's going on, right? So you'll see more and more of that over time, but it's not going to be sort of a big bang.
René Jones: Yes, okay. Yes, okay. So just to try to go from the start. So what you would expect to see is 0 nonperforming loans, right, when you brought it all because they'd all be in SOP 03-3. And what you're seeing is that first off is that $77 million that I explained around revolving lines that we keep open, right, because it makes sense to do so in the work out process. Then you've got the $130 million. And essentially what that is, is if you look at what we do at the end of each quarter, we're looking at loans that are past due maturity, but are current and are actually in the process of collection or in the process of being renewed. So given that we're right at the first part of the Wilmington merger, we're 6 weeks in, we really haven't yet had a chance to sort of extend our process to Wilmington. What we've been able to do is to see that all of those loans are current, right? And fit the category. But what I would expect to happen over time is that, that number would go down as we begin to put in the M&T standard process of making sure that we've sort of taken action on those before the 90 days is out. So that's really what that is. It's not a different category, but it is a reflection of fact that we're only 6 weeks into the merger.
René Jones: Well, we do. Yes, to the extent that they're subordinate securities, we do. So there may be some adjustment depending on how that sort of rule finally gets played out. But I think the biggest adjustment that we would have under what's been published in Basel III would be that the unrealized gains or losses in the securities book, and I think we were -- maybe we were after-tax, $100 million or something like that at the end of the quarter. So I haven't really thought too much about it in the sense that the things doesn't -- we don't have much of an effect, we're not over 10% on the MSR, right? So it's clearly not all that significant for us, I guess, how I would say it. I'm also not sure how those final rules are going to come out. So rather than speculate on it, we just keep building our capital.
René Jones: Yes, there was a gain. And if you think about the whole thing, the way we think about it is that when I look at the charge-off we took and then the gain and if I look at the carrying cost over time, we maybe took a slight loss on the whole thing if you include the cost, the interest cost, to carry it in ORE over that period of time, maybe a year or so. If you don't include that, we didn't take a loss in total.
René Jones: The actual loan growth itself did taper down as you kind of work from the first to the second and you look at the average to as-at balances. But be careful with that because the pipeline was actually growing, right? So if it's a little bit of a low, I think it might be temporary. If I could just get back to Steve's question on the -- it's about $80 million in total that we had as expense saves, full expense saves at Wilmington.
René Jones: One second. Give me one second, I will answer your question. Yes, I mean, it should drop -- okay, if we had not issued the preferred, now let me answer this, the new preferred that we have, it would drop pretty substantially. So maybe from -- I don't know, we were running at $13 million, if you're $12 million, $13 million, if you take out the onetime acceleration of the amortization, and that would probably get cut in half. It would go down to about $6.5 million. What we've got to think about is how we declare dividends on the new preferred and how we book that, right. So if I were you, looking at it, I'd take that number I just gave you and then I'd take an interest rate on the preferred.
René Jones: I think you've got to look to -- what we actually do is you're looking at classified loan books, nonperforming loans, and at any given time, I mean, it's possible to see like a decline in classified loans, but sort of the underlying model, the amount might not change, but where they sit and the grade structure might change, right? So we're just looking fundamentally at classified loans including nonperforming loans and what we think the loss content is. The other piece, obviously, would be that there's some portion of the provision that's for nonclassified loans. And that's more about the outlook we talked about sort of where oil prices are and unemployment and the likelihood that things that we don't see today will come in. So it's more of the classified loan book, I guess, is probably the answer.
René Jones: We haven't done -- we have -- I can't tell you. I obviously don't know that now, but we obviously, have to get through the conversions, right? And we've got a couple of them. We've got one on the deposit side, somewhere toward maybe the end of the summer, beginning of fall. And then we've got another one, which is -- would come later, which would be the trust conversion, right? So it's a little staggered. So you're probably thinking about it the right way, where you'd see, fourth quarter, you'd see an impact.
René Jones: Okay. So I'll give it to you. You said it well. So there's a bunch of businesses here, right? So on the loan side, right, there was a fair amount of runoff from the acquisition -- from the announcement to acquisition and total loans were down $1 billion. On the deposit side though, deposits remain really, really sticky and have actually grown. And we think our account retention, with the 48 branches and the overall deposit, has been -- I mean, I'll go so far as to say, abnormally good, right, relative to past acquisitions that we've done.
René Jones: Yes. I know that you like complete answers. So then if you kind of look at the CCS business, right, if we start there of the 2 sort of wealth businesses or should I say, fee businesses, what's interesting there is that the most important positive that we got was from the closing of the merger was that we had the equalization of the Wilmington Trust credit ratings. And so that was really important because up to the merger, they had been shut out of certain activities like securitization fees -- securitization trustees and certain businesses like -- in that nature. And so we were actually able to recapture a lot of business that -- with people that couldn't do business with Wilmington before because of their credit rating. Mostly on the other side, there's the CCS business, who's actually been really, really very stable. If you kind of look at the early fallout from the -- on the wealth side, the answer on the wealth side has a lot to do with how well we've been able to retain the employees. And I think we've done a pretty good job. Early on, we had a publicized event and around the wealth, a couple of -- a key part of the wealth team leading a few people. And I think we lost one client from that. And outside of that, we've done a pretty good job. And again, I think, that's directly related to, so far, our efforts to retaining employees and make sure that they're part of the M&T team. So the news is pretty good on all fronts. And I guess, we don't worry too much on the other side. I know you're not asking about it, but on the loan side, were not too worried about that. We think we can -- once we get in place our structure, that will be able to make up for that.
René Jones: A couple of things. So again, from the beginning, there are 3 parts. The part that you see that this quarter had a $5 million loss to M&T has to do with the business that's not shut down, but we're not -- but they're not originating anymore. But there are still loans and securities that need to be managed from that business over time. And so while there's not revenue from that piece of business coming in, there's still expenses, right? And that is purely related to Bayview Lending Group and...
René Jones: We subbed out the -- in that particular business, the servicing subbed out to other party. So it's all expense related to servicing.
René Jones: It's all expense related to serving the securities that they issued over time. So that's first piece. The residuals we've talked about, and it has all of the sort of estimate issues that you've got to deal with in terms of cash flows on residuals. But almost 100% at this point of the valuation or the biggest part of our reliance on the valuation has a lot to do with Bayview Asset Management. So there's some portion of the residuals and then the remainder of it is Bayview Asset Management. And as you look at that particular business, their ability to kind of flip back between asset purchases and more -- maybe even more importantly in the future, servicing portfolios, right? That's where the value is created.
René Jones: No. I mean, I think it's a whole different space. But I mean, when we had our portfolio early on, when we talked about this in the Mid-Atlantic and Northern Virginia area, that was the case, right? That was the case where we had large national builders and their decision -- forget about their financial wherewithal, their decision to whether they were going to follow through on their contracts to build or not really had a big influence on the viability of the project. The issue for us is, we've gotten through all that stuff, right? So we've cleansed it, we've taken charge off, which I don't have in front of me, over a long period of time. And quite frankly, if you look back, we were talking about that business and the fact that we were cleaning it up before for anybody else, the storm really hits. I think that's what it is. It's more of the portfolio today, it's clean. And then the other thing you got to remember is, we have, in that category now, loans that were acquired, right? Some of which are carrying FDIC guarantees, right? So it's hard to look at the raw numbers.
René Jones: Yes, it was a little bit lower. Let me walk you through how you do that. So when we announced that deal, we had a mark of $1,016,000,000 on loans of $8.1 billion. And then -- so the first thing that happens is that they -- first thing that happens is that the loans have run down $1 billion, right, so the base is lower. And then the next thing that happens is they took charge-offs of that portfolio, which I think were down by -- I'm sorry, reductions in payoffs and those things and charge-offs of like $280 million, I want to say something like that. Yes, $288 million from the time we announced the deal to the end of April. So by just doing that, that $1,016,000,000 in mark drops down to about $730 million. And then when we reevaluated it, we reduced that $730 million by about $76 million from looking at the credit mark. So when all is said and done, on the remaining loans out there, we ended up with about a 9% mark versus, say, 10.3% if you just account for the fact that there's a lot of cleanup work that happened before we got the loans.
René Jones: I would -- all I can say is -- a couple of things. I haven't reconciled how much of that $159 million is coming upfront in the March versus out in the onetime expenses. But I think that most of the expenses should happen in 2011. The one exception is there maybe some trust stuff that happens as we get closer to the first quarter of 2012. The conversion is sort of set around that timeframe, right? But the majority, 75% of them are going to be this year, I would guess.
René Jones: I just don't have the number in front of me, so it's hard for me to answer that question. What I can tell you is if I look at the onetime expenses, and I kind of give you my numbers, I mean, my thinking is that on a pretax basis, I wouldn't be surprised to see, I don't know, $90 million to $100 million happen this year.
René Jones: Well, how do I say? It's very close to our market, but it's not exactly in market. So there's no overlapping of branches and all that. So that's fine. But remember, that's a smaller part of it anyway. And from our perspective, from M&T's perspective, most of what we've purchased are the -- a lot of what we've purchased are those fee income businesses, right, which are incremental and are about revenue and gearing up revenue, right. So I think if you kind of think about it that way, the 15%, maybe we're slightly higher, but we'd have to see. But that's probably makes sense, right? 48 branches with no overlap and then 2 fee income business that you're planning on growing.
René Jones: It was higher. It was -- you probably guessed the right number, it was $20 million. And that was due to -- at the beginning of the call that we mentioned there was a $9 million accelerated amortization related with -- to the TARP repayment.
René Jones: Yes, I guess if you like -- yes, you can if you like, just be careful that, remember, it doesn't affect net income. It affects net income available to common shareholders, right, because it's a dividend.
René Jones: As long as you've -- I mean, I guess, you're thinking about it the right way, Marty. As long as you've got, which you can’t quite see yet, the new preferred.
René Jones: Well, I mean, we're always sort of around into the extent that somebody's interested in doing something, and we tend to look at everything. But today, we're very focused on Wilmington and doing what's at hand. And if good things come along, we'll take a look at them.
René Jones: We don't -- look, we don't speculate about future stuff. We don't do future earnings. We don't speculate about acquisitions. What we do is we talk about our history, right? And our history sort of speaks for itself, whether it's doing M&A transactions, or whether it's managing our capital. The way to think about it is, it's pretty plain vanilla. But forecasting the future and taking about speculating about things doesn't make much sense to us.
René Jones: Yes, you've got -- what you'd have to do is you take the merger gain, which is non-taxable but up in fee income, right? Pull that out, and you'll get a better estimate of what the tax rate was for the quarter.
