Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank, everyone, for participating in M&T's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
Donald J. MacLeod: The Ginnies we bought -- we committed to buy in 2Q, but they all settle in July. So they're not on the balance sheet at June 30.
Donald J. MacLeod: On the money funds, I think I'll have to get back to you on that, Craig. I don't have that in hand right now.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code (716) 842-5138.
René F. Jones: Yes. You've got to think about -- we -- when we report, in our Q, the table on accretable yield, it's all of the yield on the acquired loans. So you have that number coming down from quarter-to-quarter, right? We added a new estimate of our cash flows that we're likely to receive. So really, when you look at the change from the quarter-to-quarter, that accretable yields from acquired loans, that actually increased by just $6 million, right, because the number is coming down over time.
René F. Jones: Yes. So I think that number is about $6.5 million higher than the last quarter, $70.5 million to $77 million or so.
René F. Jones: Well, I think if you were to reset yourself, right, you can kind of look back at those tables we provided. You can see how much that is coming down. So for -- I won't give you the example, but you can kind of work your way through that. But the way I think about it, Brian, is we're left with about $4.9 million of acquired loans out of, say, 60 -- sorry, 6 -- $4.9 billion of acquired loans out of $60 billion. And if you look at the yield, the yield -- the difference between our yield on loans with versus without those acquired loans is about 15 basis points. And if you assume for a minute that the average life is 3 years, you're going to lose about 5 basis points of that every year, basis point or so a quarter. That's embedded in when Don and I talk about 3 basis points of compression. That's one of the things causing that compression. So your assumption of level yield is that's the way we look at it. That's the appropriate way to look at it, I think.
René F. Jones: Yes. Well, I mean, how do I -- good question. So what I would say is you got it right. So we're -- our thought process is 3 basis points of compression a quarter. We're still sticking with that. One of the things that we do have is we do have the opportunity to reinvest that cash in sort of qualifying liquid securities, as you start thinking about the new ratios that are coming out. So that gives us some ability to offset. And I don't know how to exactly think about that because as you know, we often think about match funded. So as we put on Ginnie Maes and those types of things, economically, we think about the spread towards wholesale funding that we could go out and get. But you're right, one of the sources that could in the near term have the margin be more stable is reinvesting those -- that cash.
René F. Jones: We've invested some. So if you look at the investment securities portfolio, you've got -- so we sold the $1.1 billion of the agencies. That probably had an average impact of somewhere between $600 million and $700 million on the balance sheet. But we also purchased a little over $800 million of Ginnies. And if you think about what we've been saying, our investment securities book has been shrinking, in part because, and this is my term, the rate seemed to be a little artificial. And so with a jump-up of 100 basis points, it was sort of a nice opportunity for us to say, "Okay. Well, let's start buying some, so that we can hold those qualifying securities as we go forward."
René F. Jones: Well, I mean, the only thing we really can give you is as you saw in the written agreement, there's a requirement, around 60 days, for us to come up with our credible plan that would need to be approved by the regulators. And then what's probably most important is from their reaction, we have to go execute that plan, right? So the way I think about it is we're really focused on submitting that plan, and then we'll have our head down for some time, trying to make sure that we have everything in place to execute it. So I think sort of speculating on any time line, at least right now, doesn't make much sense for us. We'll keep updating you as we move forward. But there's not really much to say beyond that at this point.
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean, that's true. I mean, I'll say 2 things: I feel that I'm happy, we got a good jumpstart on the issue. And in the same tone, I think we've got a lot of work to do. So I think the way we think about it is once you get into something like that, like everything else, you want to build a first-rate process, not one that just sort of meets the hurdle, but that you can sort of use as an investment for the long term. So I feel good, and at the same time, I also feel like we've got a lot of work to do.
René F. Jones: Well, again, I think the first thing is, is that we're not purchasing servicing, right? We -- what we've agreed to do, that's been out there in the [indiscernible] public for some time is to be a sub-servicer, right? And so just sort of operationally, I mean, if you think about expenses for a minute, you're likely to see expenses rise on a normal basis. I talked about that earlier on my earlier comments. But we've now hired about 500 people located here in Buffalo that used to work for a third party. And all of those 500 people are up and running as of July 1, right? So first thing you're going to see is that there'll be a little bit higher expenses as you get into the third quarter, and then that work will trickle in through the quarter, right? And so I don't think you really get a full running impact of any change in our servicing profitability in probably till the fourth quarter, right? But I would say, it's kind of relatively negligible if you think of the bottom line because of the fact that you've got to sort of start up -- negligible next quarter because you've got to put those upfront costs in place.
René F. Jones: I mean, it's a great question, Ken. I guess, the way -- I didn't think about it till you just said that. But I don't really -- it's not that big, such that it's going -- I mean, going to offset the decline that we're going to see in residential mortgage gains, and we saw a 40-point decline on the residential side there. I wouldn't be surprised to see the same again next quarter. I don't -- I think that's probably the bigger theme, maybe mortgage banking revenue will be a little bit supported over the next few quarters by it, but you're still going to see an overall downward trend.
René F. Jones: Oh, yes. So I'll give you a couple numbers. So this lock volume, I'll give you, the first quarter was $1.8 billion -- $1.9 billion. Second quarter was $1.8 billion. And then if I give you the pipeline, at the end of the first quarter, we have $1.6 billion. And the end of the second quarter, we have $1.6 billion. So what's happening is the volume is up, is remaining steady, maybe down 1 or 2 percentage points. But the only reason that's happening is because the gain on sale margins are dropping at a healthy pace. So I think that kind of tees you up. I wouldn't expect a big, big change in volume next quarter, but I would expect gain on sale margins to continue to decline.
René F. Jones: Okay. So I'm going to give you this very -- in a very general sense and from my understanding of, over the past year, the balance sheet, not necessarily from having any conversations with Hudson City. And I would guess, if I look at the profile of that balance sheet, the mortgages will extend some, net interest income will be higher. The issue you had is the steepening of the curve. So obviously, that's going to affect a little bit of the mark on any sort of fixed rate asset side, but you're going to have them out there for a longer period as well, right, so that's a little bit of an offset. And I wouldn't expect much in the way of any change in the mark on the liability side, right, because the short end didn't move. So you could get some -- if you're thinking of March, maybe there would be some negative impact as where we stand today. Really what matters most is what happens to the short end because that's where the big issue is on the wholesale borrowing. The second point I would make is that as we see things here, these are reflections of the economy improving. So you also should get some improvement on the credit profile. I mean, they're pristine. But having said that, everybody should get some benefit from the improvement in the economy. And the third thing is that the change in the Basel III rule is probably a positive effect from what we are all thinking on how mortgages are treated, both from the complexity of what we have to do to track it all and also from the favorable capital treatment from the rule now being finalized. So there's a lot of moving parts, right, but those are the items.
René F. Jones: Yes. I lumped it all together, and I think with the nonperformings, and we said that was 7 basis points, the 2 in total relative to the previous quarter. And I mean, without getting real -- I have it somewhere, probably half of that is probably prepayment. Give me a second. Yes, I don't have the 2 broken out, but let's say it's half of the 7 basis points, just as a general thought. I think the real issue, it's interesting, is that -- so when we sit around thinking about that we say, "Okay, well maybe that won't reoccur next quarter." So we tend to be relatively conservative. But having said that, it's very logical that we were seeing prepayment -- those prepayment penalties, because all throughout our balance sheet, we saw the impact of lower rates and people trying to refinance. We saw it in credit, in both deals, in our normal portfolio, where it actually was not a bad quarter in terms of loan volume in terms of origination. But we're seeing a lot of refinancings. We're seeing that in the nonperforming book. It's also part of what's behind the reversal on the Wilmington side of the -- into accretable yield, right? Because people are able to refinance things that are relatively healthy. So that said, it's hard to predict. It's somewhat lumpy in the margin, but it could continue, for while -- as people are trying to make sure they lock down their refinancings with the anticipation of rates being up.
René F. Jones: I don't see anything wrong with doing that. I think yes, then you'll have to make adjustments for -- again, I mentioned the people we've hired and we continue to hire folks on the regulatory side. I think since last quarter, for example, we've hired 53 BSA/AML professionals, we've added to the team. And then you'll see professional services rising some as well, but starting at that $604 million is probably a good way to go about it.
René F. Jones: Yes. So I don't know if you caught that, but we securitized some FHA loans. And so a little under $300 million of that just went right into our securities book. So in terms of earnings assets, there wasn't much of a change. There'll be a slight runoff in the resi portfolio, but we'll also do some -- retain a certain portion to sort of keep that runoff to be flat as we go forward. The C&I, I mean, it was a little higher than normal, and I would say 9% growth is pretty healthy. We haven't seen a change. When we look at our pipeline for both C&I and CRE, the quarter was pretty good. The amount of pressure on deals that we accepted was light. The margins were strong. The thing that we're seeing is that there's a fair amount of prepays, particularly on the fixed rate portfolios. And then finally, if you look at the consumer side on as that [ph] basis, and particularly if you look at home equity and indirect, for the first time, they actually had slight growth. So it sort of seems like those are leveling off, which is kind of why we held our -- held on to our 5% number overall. So we don't see much change. Some people are talking about slowdown. But everything we see is -- the slowdown is driven by paydowns, which is always good from a credit perspective, it's always good from the customer locking in lower rates and being healthier, right? So that's our logic behind sort of sticking with 5%, or mid-single digit, I think is what we -- or low mid-single-digit loan growth.
René F. Jones: It hasn't changed much. I mean, it's been down 1%, 2% every time we report. And on an asset basis, it was actually flat to up this quarter, right? So I kind of view it as slowing. I can't think of another reason why that would change.
René F. Jones: Well, finally to your last question, I think the other thing is, is that we may do more securitizations, right? So that will be just to re-class. But again, we want to make sure that the portions of our balance sheet that we have as customer loans, that we make sure that they have guarantees and a certain amount of liquidity as we kind of think about our liquidity coverage.
René F. Jones: That's a great question. It's a great, great question. Well, we went through the CapPR process, which is a process where we run our own models and we go through a review, and the Federal Reserve and other -- Federal Reserve actually goes through and reviews our governance and our process. But we've actually never been a CCAR bank, which requires an extra step, which is being part of the horizontal process, in which half is -- half of that process is what we did before, but the other half is that it now goes through the fed's own models, right, which was something that we're not familiar with. So we've really taken the position that as we kind of have learned about our portfolio, we thought -- we want to make sure that we're pretty well positioned to go through that test for the first time. And of course, that sort of is all benchmarked off of where you are at 9 30. So it's been a big focus of ours. Well that married up very nicely, with the private label mortgage-backed securities is that we run a model and we've modeled those for valuation purposes. And until recently, our model was saying that those securities were worth more than what the market prices were implying. But as we got into the early part of the quarter, that changed, and the valuations on the market were well above our model. And so we decided to pull the trigger. To give you some sense, had we pulled that trigger back in '09, the difference would have been roughly $240 million, right? So it's not a core security. It's also a risk-sensitive security. So if you have stress and housing prices were to drop, right, then not only are you not going to collect that $200 million extra, you're going to take a hit, right, in OTTI under extreme stress. So it's not a core asset. We decided to move it off, and then we take the $1 billion, and we also use it to improve our liquidity profile.
René F. Jones: Yes. It would have changed the percentage growth. I definitely think so. I don't know how to -- I mean, first of all, there were several. Several loans, anywhere from $5 million to $30 million, $35 million would not be abnormal. And not only that, in our nonaccrual book, you had several loans that paid off as well, right, so both there and the nonaccrual balances. So how do I say it? I think -- I kind of think of it as more of a trend. I don't know how long the trend will last. But I don't know if that helps. There was not one really large transaction that paid down [ph].
