Darren King: Yes, so good question. I know there's a lot going on in the margin. If we think about the basics and the 2 to 3 basis points, that's what we've been talking about all year. And that is the combination of the run-off in the mortgage portfolio, how quickly we priced the CD book; as well as just as older loans that are at a higher-margin pay off and the newer ones that are at a slightly lower margin become a bigger part of the portfolio, you're seeing that compression. If you look at the 2 basis points that happened because of the trust demand deposits, it's really literally that extra $1 billion that was being kept at the Fed. So those $1 billion carry a very low margin. You know, we're not receiving much on them, but we're not paying much on them. Those are just a different form of payment for our global capital markets business. And then the other piece was obviously the mortgage portfolio being a bigger chunk of our balances and the pricing convention there being 30/360 -- that when you have a quarter like we did, the interest paid by the customer doesn't change, but the basis over which you calculate the effective rate or the margin drops. So I guess we kind of look at that as what I would call noise. You know, how much cash at the Fed and trust demand deposits will be in the next quarter, I guess it's our anticipation that they will go down, but that's something that is subject to move quarter to quarter based on the activity we have in that business.
Darren King: I guess when I look at the total provision, if you look at charge-offs, charge-offs was just, you know, normal course of business. And when we look at what's in our allowance for doubtful accounts, as well as when we look at what's not performing, we don't see anything in there that gives us cause. In fact, it looks pretty good. The provision over and above charge-offs was the reflection of the loan growth we saw this quarter and just following our normal practices of providing for future losses, based on our historical charge-offs at rates by loan category.
Darren King: Sure. So I guess if you look at our expenses and how they've gone over the course of the year and you look at where some of the investments have happened, if you look at our salaries and benefits line and where we've been over the course of the year, in the course of the last year we've added some people; we've invested in some businesses. In growing global capital markets business, we've hired a couple of teams over the course of the year. And we're investing, as you noted, in New Jersey. We think that we'll continue to make investments as appropriate, but probably the pace will slow down a little bit -- that we wouldn't maintain the pace that we were this year versus 2015 when you think about salary and benefits. When you look at some of the other costs of operations, I mean, occupancy obviously will go with people, but that should be pretty much contained. One of the places where we did spend more money this year was advertising and promotion. It was probably a little bit elevated compared to what would be a normal run rate for us, because we were making a splash in New Jersey as we went in there as well as we were taking advantage, as we've talked about, of some of the changes in the marketplaces that we operate in that have been happening. So I guess absent other changes happening, our expectation would be that that would come back down. Probably not all the way to where it was in prior years, because we're now a bigger organization with New Jersey, but below the place where we're today. And when we look at the other professional services expenses that are out there, our pace of IT investment, I think, won't get higher from where we're right now. We're looking at the additions we have made to the technology team as well as to outside help -- that we think the run rate we're at is a good place. And we might actually slow it down a little bit so that we're able to manage the change that we're introducing into the Bank so that we can do things well. So I guess I don't see those dropping dramatically, but I don't see them going up from here. And then, obviously, the other wildcard is legal which is part of the professional services. And we will continue our work there as we get ready to go to trial which has been extended until October of next year.
Darren King: It's a good question. I guess we're still doing our work on our 2017 plan and looking through what we were expecting. So I don't want to comment on what the 2017 numbers will look like. We'll give you more guidance in January. I think actually in my remarks before, I said July. I'm not going to keep you guys until July before we let you know. But we'll give you little better view on that in January. But in general, our expectation is to try and make sure that we can manage our expenses in conjunction with revenue. Right? And our long term goal is always to try and produce positive operating leverage. There will be quarters and years where that might go negative or to zero, but over the long run that's really what our objective is. So we're trying to make sure that we align our expense growth to the revenue world that we're operating in.
Darren King: Sure. You noted something that we've been paying attention to and had a lot of discussion on around here over the last little while. There's a bunch of components within that $12 billion. We certainly don't need $12 billion to run the Bank, that's for sure. When we look at what we need for HQLA and for the LCR, that number is maybe between $3 billion and $5 billion. And I think the question of whether it's $3 billion or whether it's $5 billion is really a function of what we think we can invest it in and the securities world. And for us, when we look at investing it in two-year treasuries at 70 basis points or just keeping it at the Fed at 50, right now we're kind of more inclined to leave it in the Fed. Now, other components of that $12 billion include primarily two things. One is trust demand deposits. And when you look at those, either we or the customer that we're holding those on their behalf, we can either choose to put them in the Fed or we could put them in the money funds which is what would have happened historically. I think as rates start to come back there, trust demand deposits will sit as much or more in the money funds as it will sit in the Fed. And either we'll do that on behalf of the customer or the customer will choose to do it themselves. And then we won't get those dollars as payment; we'll get paid in fees in our global capital markets business. And then the other part of what's at the Fed is some escrow balances that come with the relationship we have with Bayview and the servicing that we do. And those are monthly P&I payments. So there's a floor that we see every month and that we'll look to put to work. But there's some part of those balances that grow throughout the month until the payments are made and then they drop back down. And we think the most prudent thing to do with those, certainly, right now is to just keep those at the Fed. So really, when we look at those balances, we're thinking about those three categories. And we're looking to try and optimize what we have to make sure that we're not putting funds at risk, but we're getting as good a return as we can on those dollars.
Darren King: There's a couple of factors that are involved in the Hudson City deposits and I'll do my best to give you some guidance on how to think about it. So in the fourth quarter, there's, I think, $2 billion to $2.5 billion that will mature. And they are across a number of different term buckets. And what we've seen so far as we have started the repricing is that approximately 50% of the CDs are renewing and they are renewing typically at a lower rate. And that could come in two forms. It could be at a lower rate within the existing term or what we're also seeing is people shifting to shorter term. Just because of the interest rate environment we're in, I think the book is generally short for us. I think it is for folks in the industry, because people are uncertain. So some of the dollars will reprice into CDs of light term or shorter term. Some of those CDs will actually change categories and will go into money market accounts or even now accounts, again, while people wait out the interest rate environment. And then some of those are attriting. In total, we're retaining about 60% of the balances across all categories and about half are staying within time deposits of various maturities.
Darren King: Nothing at this point that I would comment on. I think we're kind of looking to see -- we're learning through this process. The good news is so far what we've seen is pretty much on track with what we expected to happen. But this is a big quarter, so I would like to see how that goes. And we'll continue to decide how we want to play things out in 2017.
Darren King: Last numbers I looked at on that were we're getting about 20% to 25% of those customers adding a checking account. Now, when they add the checking account, that's great, as long as they are active. So one of the things that we spend a lot of time looking at is the activity rates of our customers and their accounts. And for us that means, do you have a debit card and do you use it regularly? Do you get direct deposit? And while the rate of people signing up for that account is off to a good start, the activity levels are a little bit lower than we'd like. So as we work our way through this, our objective is to get what we would call primary households, where people view us as their primary bank. And those are the measures that we would tend to look to. So we do have a part of the 25% of the 50% that are opening checking accounts. And the results are decent, but we're going to keep watching that to see how things play out.
Darren King: I guess we didn't realize going into the quarter, as we were going through it, that it was going to be as outperforming as it might look at this point. We've just kind of spent our time talking to our customers and helping them out. When we look at some of the commercial real estate growth this quarter, there was some construction which are projects that we had agreed to finance in prior quarters that were coming on stream and building which helped drive some of the growth. And then obviously we're trying to grow in New Jersey which is a place where we did see some outsized growth -- although I'll remind you that the percentage looks good, but it's off of a small base. But overall, when we look at our pipeline, the pipeline is strong. It's slightly above what we had seen in prior quarters. So we feel good going into the fourth quarter, but I wouldn't want to characterize it as we're expecting to see outsized growth, at least vis-a-vis the industry.
Darren King: Well, I think you're certainly hearing more people worry about the concentration limits. And I think that's certainly a concern. I read through some of the other comments from other calls and I recognize that's a concern. We obviously pay attention to that as well. And when we look at where we stand today, we feel pretty good about the headroom that we have there. But I guess the important thing for us is that we try to do business, particularly in the commercial real estate space, with customers with whom we have a long history of doing business. The equity that's in the deals is still very strong and as strong as it was pre- the last recession or stronger than that. And our credit appetite isn't changing. We're not lowering our standards, because we're seeing maybe a little bit more activity and we're not increasing it. We try to be very consistent with how we underwrite and what our expectations are in all parts of the cycle.
Darren King: I guess my bias is always to look at the average rather than the end-of-period, just because when deals close can be lumpy throughout the quarter. You can get stuff that happens at quarter-end for various reasons. I would tend to look at the average; that normalizes out things that might show up. One month it might get participated out. So I think that's a better measure to use and the one that we would probably pay more attention to. I guess the only thing to remind everyone of is -- the fourth quarter, there always tends to be a little bit of a spike, as our customers reach year-end and they are trying to get things done in a certain tax year. That's often a driver of activity to get deals done or loans closed. And we've historically seen a little bit of a spike at the end of the fourth quarter. So I would just pay attention to that. But it's usually late in the quarter, so from an average perspective -- again, you know, it won't necessarily drive income in the quarter, but it will give you a nice pop at the end of the period. So a long-winded way of saying I would tend to focus on the averages.
Darren King: I guess from speaking with our commercial bankers across the region before coming on the call, they are feeling good about the demand that's out there. You know, as I mentioned before, our pipeline is very, very strong. It's in line with what we've seen in prior quarters. I think there is a little bit of a pause and I expect there will be a pause this quarter, as we go through the election cycle and people digest what that means and with the change in administration. And the more global trend that we've seen this year and have for the last couple of years is companies of all sizes are sitting more on cash and they are holding that cash. And they are investing, but they are still reticent to invest beyond maintaining where they are. We're not seeing a ton of CapEx for growth and a bunch of the replacement cycle is gone. So I guess I would describe it and think about it as steady. And the growth that we had in the quarter, I think, is fairly consistent in the ex-floorplan space, consistent with where we've been in the prior quarters. And we don't see a huge reason for that to change in the fourth quarter, either up or down.
Darren King: Right. So I guess as we look at what's been going on with net interest income, we think we're approaching the bottom and that it will start to turn. How quickly that turns will be obviously a function of whether we get a rate increase in December or not. But even absent that, we expect it to start to turn in the next couple of quarters. Part of the issue is -- and I think this is pretty straightforward for everyone -- as the mortgages run off, the reason they are prepaying is because they tend to be right around 4% and those are fixed yields; whereas the commercial loans that we're replacing them with in the short term with LIBOR, where they are being LIBOR-based, are at yields that are kind of 3.50% to 3.60%. So that's part of what is driving that core compression. But as the mortgage balances become a little bit less of a factor in the balance sheet, that's why we see that bottoming out coming in in the coming quarters and expect to happen in 2017 and see things go the other way.
Darren King: Sure. I guess a couple of things, I'll remind you that in the fourth quarter of last year, we had two months of Hudson City and in December was when we did the balance sheet restructuring. So it's a true statement that fourth quarter to fourth quarter, Hudson City will be in both; but it's not a full fourth quarter. And there was some balance sheet restructuring that we were doing in the fourth quarter of last year with Hudson City. So I think the best comparison for you will be the first quarter 2016 to first quarter 2017. Now, that said, the impact of a rate hike on net interest margin, I think, will be pretty similar to what we saw last time. If it's 25 points, it won't be the whole thing that will show up in the margin. Obviously, deposit pricing, deposit price reactivity will impact that. We're not sure that it will be that much this time as well. But I think a good guideline would be to look at what happened last time. And we would be right around that for the next hike. And we'll all keep our fingers crossed that it comes.
Darren King: We didn't talk specifically about the rate. We talked about the rate at which they tend to be renewing which -- we're seeing approximately 50% of the CDs stay in the Bank. Those are staying across a number of term buckets. Not all customers are renewing in the same term. And so the rates vary, obviously depending on which term they're in. In general, those are lower than what they were before. But the customer can get a different rate depending on the breadth of their relationship. So it's a little bit all over the board. There's not one rate, per se, that we're seeing those CDs go into.
Darren King: I think that's pretty accurate with where pricing is on some of the CDs. I think when we're dealing with customers who are single-service CD customers, oftentimes there's a better option for them. We're a relationship bank and our best pricing is for our best customers and those have more fulsome relationships with us. So we certainly have customers who earn much more than that on their CD balances. We're obviously also sensitive to the market in which we're operating. We know it's broader than just the local market, that the Internet banks are part of it. But for certain customer segments that's not an option they choose to use. So we look at our pricing all the time and make sure that we feel good about where our pricing stands vis-a-vis the competition as well as doing the right thing for our customers and doing the right thing for our balance sheet. So there's a bunch of things that we're always trading off when we're looking at pricing, but the rates that are there are certainly the posted rates that are in the market and, we think, comparable to other like institutions.
Darren King: I guess I go back with the -- the main thing that we were running the Bank for and holding the cash is obviously for the LCR and LCR purposes. And it's our intention to manage that number so that we've got ourselves covered, but without giving away interest income that we could otherwise get if we were able to invest that in securities that paid better than holding cash at the Fed. When it comes to the escrow balances, there are minimums that we need to have to make sure that we don't ever have ourselves in a position where we can't make those payments on behalf of the people that we're covering from a servicing perspective. There obviously is a cost to the holding those and we're cognizant of what the cost is. But that's also part of the pricing that we have with the people that we're doing that business. Trust demand would be the same thing. I guess I think it's a -- the trust demand balances I look at as primarily a function of the interest rate environment that we're in right now -- that if we were in a different part of the cycle, where rates were -- you know, we'll see what happens if there's a 25 basis point hike. But certainly another 50 and I think the level of trust demand deposits that we see us carrying will start to get real small real fast. And we'd be down into the range of the $5 billion-ish that we're holding for HQLA. And even that we might start to haircut a little bit.
Darren King: Sure. I think when we look within Hudson City customer base, we do see upside to selling consumer loans. That would be primarily credit card and home equity lines of credit. What we're finding within the CD customer base, at least, is it tends to skew a little bit older. And therefore our ability to penetrate that with home equity loans and cards isn't the same as it would be if we were dealing with a slightly younger crowd. But obviously we have got those mortgages that we look at as well. And if we have someone that has a mortgage, those would be good candidates for, certainly, home equity lines of credit. So we're cognizant of that and we're working on it. But is that going to drive double-digit growth? I don't think so. I think what you're seeing in our home-equity growth is not dissimilar to what you're seeing in the industry. And really, with 30-year rates and 15-year rates as low as they are, the average consumer is much more interested in doing a first than using a second. We would only start to see second balances and demand start to increase as rates increase, when people can't utilize the first lien market as their primary option. You know, when you talk about auto loans, for us and, I think, the industry, that tends to generally work through the dealerships. We've been operating in New Jersey even prior to having Hudson City. And we have reps there that are working with dealers, dealerships and dealer groups, to try and be in their set of options. I don't think you would look at New Jersey -- I certainly wouldn't -- and say that's a big opportunity that will drive our indirect auto business growth beyond the rate that we've been seeing over the last few quarters.
Darren King: I'm glad you came back to that, because it was something that I wanted to come back to as I thought through the moving parts and the answer. So I think the 15 to 20 -- you start to see that work its way through the loan book, but sort of thinking about the whole part of the impact on the liability repricing as well. And I think when you net the two together and you look at what happened last time, you'll probably net more in the 6 to 10 range -- and that you see the pop early on and then it comes down. Hopefully, it doesn't come down -- the reason for the range -- hopefully it doesn't come down quite as much as it has this time, because as the LIBOR rate moves up, what you're giving up from the mortgages going into commercial loans isn't as big a gap as what it is today, given where rates are. And so that will affect it. And then, obviously, the other thing that will be part of the margin that's important to think about is in total how we fund the balance sheet, right? So we have some bank notes that are coming due next year that we'll issue; and depending on where the print is there, that will also impact the margin. So I guess originally, as I was thinking about the question and my response, I was thinking more on simply the asset side. I think 6 to 10 in total margin is probably a better space to be -- which, again, I always look at what happened this past year, recognizing there was some noise in there, but that's probably a good guide.
Darren King: Yes, so I think you hit the nail on the head -- that when the accounting acquired certificates of deposit -- the math is that if it's a 12-month CD and there's two months left, you basically mark it as a two-month instrument and you think about the interest rate as that. So as those CDs that were in partial paydown, if you will -- you know, they were less than their full maturity, the rate that we would see would be the marked rate. And then as they renew, you would go to the actual rate. And that's partly why you are seeing that increase in those time deposit accounts over the course of the quarters this year. We have talked before that the bulk of the book is less than a year. So we should be pretty close to the end of that accounting happening and start to see more pronounced the effect of the repricing that's happening. But I would also remind you that the repricing happens every month. So in the first month, you see 1/12th of it and in the second month you see 2/12ths of it. So it takes a while for that stuff to work its way through. And it's also a function of how big the balances are that are maturing in each of those twelfths. And we started the work in the middle of August. So really, we've got 1/12th in the books so far in September and that's why the numbers that you're quoting are accurate and why they are not that impressive. But you got to start sometime in making those changes and we're starting down that path. And we think it's an important next step in the conversion we have of this thrift into a commercial bank.
Darren King: I'm thinking that is a 2017 event, just based on the fact that it's on average 12 months or less. So I think you start to pass through that inflection point sometime late second -- or late first quarter, sorry, early second quarter.
