Rene F. Jones: Well, it's a good question, Ken, thanks. So the first thing I would point out is that the $42 million, as you mentioned, was this quarter. We saw a very similar increase last quarter. So we are very helpless -- we're well above our normal run rate on professional services expense. I think, as we look at the expense base in the fourth quarter, in some ways it appears to be a high, and we would expect that as we kind of move into the next year, that they'll remain elevated and then taper off, kind of what you're saying. But the question is, how fast will it come down. So I think we should see meaningfully lower expenses by the time we get to the fourth quarter, but I also think that expenses will likely be able to come down further from there, all right? The one thing I would point out is that, as we begin to think about the work we have to do over the course of, let's say, the next 3 quarters on BSA/AML and some of the initiatives that we have, to the extent that we think we need to go faster, we'll just ramp that up and that would sort of mean that expenses would be higher than we thought. But I don't think the total investment is really going to change at all. So that's why I'd say it's a bit hard to predict because we're sort of making sure that we stay on track with our progress. And if that means the timing of the expenses changes, so be it.
Rene F. Jones: I think -- I'll go backwards. I think it will go across the board. We've seen nice growth, 5%, 5-plus percent each of the last 2 years in the trust business. We've seen okay growth in deposit service charges. And then, again, as we look at what we're doing with the mortgage servicing, you should get some lift from that coming late in half of the year. So there's no one particular category. One of the things I'm curious about is that commercial banking fees were somewhat light this year, and I think that's a reflection of lower activity, but as the economy picks up, that would be another space that I would expect to see maybe recover a bit from what we saw this year.
Rene F. Jones: Well, I don't know if I can give a better answer than I just gave on the pace of the expenses. But I think the way to think about it, Brian, is that you can't give a measure of completions because it's a dynamic process. So we work with our teams to build out a process. We go through that, we have those processes validated by outside parties. To the extent that there's more to work to be done, we go in and we fix that and it's iterative, it's an iterative process. We draw leads at some point in the process where we feel that we'll be ready and confident that we can have the regulators come in and take a look and have the time to do what they need to do. So in my mind, it doesn't work like that in terms of percentage of completion. But having said that, we think that our expenses will probably remain elevated for the next 2 or 3 quarters. And I wouldn't see -- I would see after that, that much of the sort of outside expense should be behind it. The thing to think about is, we've also added a lot of folks, I didn't give the numbers here, but we've added a lot of folks over the course of the year. And the reason that we've done that is to sort of build our permanent infrastructure. So as we sort of get through the project phase, we will not be dependent upon all of those professional services. So as you look at where that was, I think we spent maybe $134 million on professional services in this quarter, and I don't have the number for last quarter, but maybe it was $80 million or something. All right, so you can get a sense, if you look back at those numbers over time, how much they've ramped up and what likely a normal run rate would be without them with all other projects.
Rene F. Jones: I kind of look at it almost on the same time line as the BSA/AML, because don't think about submissions. Think about building of -- so, Brian, think about banks and their asset liability process, which they can run very routinely every month or as frequently as they want. We're in the process of building the infrastructure to stabilize that. So it's not about the submission as much as it is about building a sustainable, repeatable process that has as much integrity as your ALM, which, of course, has been around for decades, right? So I think that'll -- we'll continue to spend and invest there probably on the same path as what you're seeing on the BSA/AML. But then again, that should taper off, particularly in the professional services side.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, that's a good way to ask a question, Keith. I mean, I just think in terms of the efficiency ratio because we're always either expanding businesses or in some cases adding regions. So you saw we are at 56.2%, both this year, full year and last year, and that really is a reflection of sort of a new regulatory environment and the building of our infrastructure after the sort of growth spurt that we've had. Like -- I think we did something like 4, 5 acquisitions recently. So we've always felt that operating the efficiency ratio below that level was something that was very doable. We've actually run 50% to 55%, somewhere in that range, for a long period of time. I don't see any reason why we shouldn't be back in those levels, but it's going to get there not necessarily by just saying that you're going to cut some expenses, because you do have a new infrastructure. But think of, for example, as we achieved, whatever time period, what we're doing with the BSA/AML and building out the system, that's a process that's almost pure 100% leverageable, right, as we bring in new accounts, new volume and so forth. So one of the reasons why we are so confident in making a lot of these investments across the board and the data centers and all the other technology initiatives is, we think, over time, these are very leverageable and they'll position us well to sort of get back to the same space in the low-50s that we've always operated the institution at. I feel pretty confident that, that's very doable.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, yes. Over many, many years that was always the governor, right, you could just sort of simply be very disciplined and say, "Okay, well, I don't have use for it because things are very frothy and I'll give back the capital." So I think you're right. I think in fact, I think that's one of the reasons why you see that the loan pricing and, now, loan structures are so competitive because there's not really an alternative use. It's also one of the reasons which makes us very comfortable to sort of make these correct investments, right? But there is no answer to your question. I mean, you -- I think if we can utilize that capital well and put it in the right places over the course of like last year, this year, I think that will be one set. And then, pass then, our capital ratio is now 9.25%, they're kind of getting up there again. So down the road in the future, we'll have to see how that changes. But one thing is for certain, I mean, you may see us -- if the loan growth is actually maybe X-minus because we're not really interested in sort of chasing some of the stuff that we see out there today, particularly in terms of structure.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. I'm pretty optimistic on the commercial side. There's nothing that we've seen, at least from an industry standpoint that suggest that commercial loan growth is slowing. In fact, it's the opposite. So we've had healthy C&I growth. I would expect that to continue and easily could be a little bit higher. We saw some pay-downs in CRE. So the normal trend to me would suggest continued growth. And in fact, if you kind of look at our numbers by category and in total relative to the industry, I think we're -- we've been higher than the industry in C&I, we've been maybe a little lower in CRE, we've been -- actually had less runoff in home equity, right? So we're probably positioned well relative to the industry. The thing that does bug us a little bit is in some places, pockets, you just see behavior that, quite frankly, the loan pricing didn't make sense that -- it wouldn't have made sense back in 2005 before we had the higher capital, before we had the higher liquidity. And in many cases in some of our markets, you see it in some of the smaller firms who were not necessarily accounting for those types of things. So I think that's one factor that could dampen the growth a bit. But in New York, it was interesting. I mean, if you go back maybe a year ago, maybe 1.5 years ago, all that during that period, it was the one place where pricing was very, very rational. There were actually only a few players and the behavior seemed to be maybe the most rational in all of our footprint. Now you're seeing, again, the conduits are resurging. You're seeing insurance companies come in. And in the past quarter, it was a space where there were a lot of examples of just longer structures, 7 years plus, and very, very thin pricing. So I mean, we report what we see and we kind of monitor it. I felt pretty good actually about the fact that it was a little slow. We actually, because of that, we saw some pay-downs, right? There were some things we're sort of refinancing out during the quarter in New York City. So that's what we know.
Rene F. Jones: That's correct. And we did it that way because when we think of what we have to do to meet the liquidity coverage ratio and we look at the income impact, they're very -- there's very little, if any, income impact. So really, what you're doing is sort of putting on a leverage with no impact on interest income, sort of take down your printed net interest margin.
Rene F. Jones: Right, that will frontline. It will be in the market. You'll see it every quarter where it'll be relatively steady and consistent.
Rene F. Jones: I mean, is it unreasonable? I don't -- I mean, we tend to think longer-term, 2015 is a long way away. I don't know. Normal efficiency ratios for us would be low -- in the mid-levels. But as we're done with our work and we start to leverage that structure and the new infrastructure, I'd be surprised if we weren't below 55%. Below that, 50% to 55%, somewhere in that range. It's where we've always been. And as you think about it, and particularly, depending on what type of institution that we have, one of the things you're going to see, again, because of liquidity coverage ratio, if we were at 56% and if you think of all these things that we've got to do with liquidity, that ratio, I'm not so sure that, that just doesn't come down because structurally right, we're a different institution. So -- but I think we've got a long way to go. We have a good track record, and you kind of see it. If I were looking at it, I'd go back in history and look at where we've been, and that's what I'd probably use as my benchmark.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, great. I'll go in reverse again. There definitely was ramp-up towards the end of the year. I think most of our loan growth was accounted for in the month of December. From November 30 to December 31, we had about $700 million of growth in C&I. And then when we look at sort of -- that's on the balance sheet. And when we look at sort of the pipeline, loan growth -- loan production, so new loans that went through our senior loan committee were lower than a year ago, but a year ago, it was abnormal and they were above average and consistent with any fourth quarter we've -- any of the better fourth quarters we've seen in the past. So I think that kind of speaks to the idea that I wouldn't expect a slowing of commercial loan growth. In terms of utilization, we are somewhere 57%, 58%. That has been rising fairly consistently over the course of 2013. So in fact, if you look at that trend, it's an upward trend, it's a straight line. So again, it gives you some sense that the idea that you would expect C&I to start slowing at this point probably doesn't make much sense.
Rene F. Jones: It's gone up a very little bit, but very slowly. So if you go back a year ago, maybe that number was -- if it's 58% now, maybe that was 55%. If you go back a year before that, it might have been in the low-50s, 50%. Fairly steady, slow pace, yes.
Rene F. Jones: So, Brian, again, it's a good -- great question, the way you phrase it. Let me do my best. So first of all, it's not just technology, it's people, heavily people incentive and training people and training people to know the customer. So if you think about it, what we're doing -- one of the first -- one of the most fundamental things is we're building a risk rating system that allows us to be very sensitive and knowledgeable about when patterns change, and that might indicate that someone's engaging in some illicit activity or money-laundering. And to do that equally across all of our footprints and actually through each of the channels in which we interact with our customers. So to do that, on the system side, there's a fair amount of just data capture. And capturing that information is not necessarily just standard information, you're trying to make sure that you have access to information that allows you to do a great job of being predictive. So it's not a onetime thing. Predicting customer behavior is sort of changing all the time and so these models are relatively complex. So in order to do that, what you've got to do is you've got to identify the information you need, you've got to train your customer-facing employees on exactly what that information is and how to go about capturing it. And then you've got to interact with all of your customers, both the existing customers and the new ones through the account opening process to begin to capture that information. But remember, you've got to capture that information in a very accurate, consistent way. So you're not only -- you're not sitting in some back-office somewhere building a computer. It's touching every aspect of our business and particularly, the aspects that address our customers. And so, we've seen this happen before. We've seen places that have done it in a way where there's been a lot of disruption in the markets to their customers. We're trying to balance all that, and at the same time, we're trying to sort of aggressively be sort of best-in-class in terms of having predictive models that will allow us to monitor for illicit behavior. So if you think about it, it's pretty complex. If you are really, really good at systems, that would be one thing. And not good with people, I think you'd have a problem. So the quality of your people, the quality of your sales force, as well as the technology and the data are all key elements.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, we haven't disclosed that yet, Gerard. And I think over the course of this year, you saw in some of the moves we made, particularly in the second quarter and then in the third, and I think those began to get us in a good range to be able to kind of meet the requirements. I think it's fair to say that we still have a fair amount to do at the sort of manageable amount that we would do through the course of the year. But we really haven't talked about the amount. In part, we're not talking about the amount because remember that the rules of the NPR is sort of not final. And one of the things that happen in the fall, in my opinion, was that maybe it seems that it came out to be a little bit more stringent than we were thinking. So as it stands as it is, we have more work to do. But I think you'll see it, you'll get a feel for it as we get to the -- through the end of the first quarter.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. I mean, I think, one of the -- let me put it this way, one of the things that has positioned us extremely well is this philosophy that we've had for many, many years that when we do an acquisition, our preference would be to do it a simultaneous close and integration, right? And when doing that, we end up putting everything on M&T's system. And so from a systems and information standpoint, that's helped us very well as you kind of go through the years and think of the transactions that we've done. Wilmington was a little different in part because we, the bank part, which was really quite frankly the smaller part, was smooth and easily integrated in a very short time period, I think that same summer that we did the close. Whereas, if you think of the trust business, the wealth and institutional services, we were really taking a lot of the quality and attributes that were already existing at Wilmington and bringing the M&T piece into the fold. So that was relatively new. So I think, you've seen that. That's taken us longer on the Wilmington side to sort of get to what we would call a steady state. Having said that, particularly over the last 6 months, we feel really good. We feel really good about the work we've done on the control environment and how we've stabilized that. So if you think of that as 2013, we announced that deal in 2010. So typically, that's longer. But aside from Wilmington, I think the way we've been able to do things to keep them simple, to have not duplicate systems probably has allowed us to make these investments and have them be much more productive than not. So we're not consolidating processing centers. We're not -- if you remember, a bunch of us in 2004 and 2005, when we were complaining about the revenue growth, that's actually what we were doing. We were looking at all the capture centers and we were doing all that kind of work. This is the third time that we've gone through an experience like this. One was after the 1991, '92 -- when I joined the bank, we were ramping up all the systems, we called it future solutions, we spent tremendous amount of money there. We also did the same with the projects I just mentioned to you in 2004 and 2005, and now, we're doing it again. So I think this is what you've got to do every period, after you go through a period of growth. If you don't do it, things could get out of control.
Rene F. Jones: I think we've got to make progress on getting consumer to that best practice BSA/AML system. And we've got to allow the regulators to have enough time to be able to say that we've got an adequate system. Lifting of orders and all that, we have no control over that. And there's a history that says those things take much longer. So I think we're just really very -- our thinking is really it's about BSA/AML.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, I think at some point, that's right. I mean, I think -- and keep in mind, our situation, we've got to where we are in an efficient manner, right? We're 9.25. And you can see that other institutions are all giving back capital and doing appropriate levels of repurchases and those things. So it's not as if that has been eliminated from the banking industry. I think as I think about it, right, if you think of all the things that we've -- that have been part of our value proposition, acknowledging that we sell commodities and making sure that we have a low-cost, controlled environment, keeping everything relatively simple. To me, now that everybody has to carry more equity, those things are even more important to be able to carry that through. And then at some point in time, as you get excess capital, yes, the only choice you really have is to give it back in some efficient form.
Rene F. Jones: I thought I had you, Todd, in the beginning, but then I think I lost you at the end. So I'll go with the one from the beginning. I think, look, put Hudson City aside for a minute. We are among the smallest of the banks that are above $50 billion. We tend to think long-term. So regardless of any specific merger transaction, we think in order to survive and be around, you've got to have a pretty strong infrastructure. And we also think that as we move forward further and further along, what's really happening is that there are a lot of barriers to entries being set up. So in our mind, these investments that we're making, particularly in risk management, don't relate to any one particular transaction. So the second part of that would be that once we complete that, it's not that we're sort of running to -- I see what you mean by dual tracks now. From a risk management perspective, it would plug into Hudson City and there's no incremental, whatsoever, associated with it. The dual tracking is sort of -- I mean, at the end of the day, the environment's uncertain and it makes sense for them to go down a path to make sure that they have alternatives in the event that we can't sort of do the partnership that we want to do. So I think that's all that they were saying. And under the sort of regulatory regime and their particular regulators, they've got to continue to make progress to be safe and sound if for some reason that they have to go on their own. But as we complete the merger, yes, I mean, there's no incremental cost to run Hudson City given what its portfolio and mix are. And that's what -- why you get a lot of leverage out of these investments we're making.
Rene F. Jones: We reviewed all the economics of it. We're economic animals. Really, we reviewed all the economics of the deal and I'm absolutely positive that Hudson City did the same. And it just makes sense, it didn't make sense for 1 quarter, it made sense. So putting those 2 institutions together, that -- all that value is there. Nothing has changed at all. And both parties kind of weighed that out and are very committed to the transaction.
Rene F. Jones: The only thing that's out there that is public is our written agreement and it kind of lays out everything that we've got to do. And we've sort of talked about the progress we want to make in terms of this year and we've talked about the spending patterns. So with all that together, you can get a good sense. I mean, sending it down to a specific day is not, really, how we think about it.
Rene F. Jones: No, I mean, I think just go back and read the press release because we're all very enthusiastic about doing the transaction, each of us individually and together. There's sort of no question in our minds and I think that was evident in the actions that both boards took. So we are very enthusiastic about -- once we get all our work done, continuing on with that process.
Rene F. Jones: If you spend any time around these processes, I mean, really, what happens is that you do your best to have both partners have the right intent, which we have here. We think we've got a transaction that creates a lot of value and then you have your application process go through. We don't influence the application process. We don't influence future events. We don't influence the state of the economy, as that will happen going forward. All we know is that the 2 management teams are really committed to producing a strong bank in New Jersey, right? That's all we know.
Rene F. Jones: Well, I mean, other than -- they are great partners and we're very pleased with every aspect of the Wilmington transaction and the partnership we've got. But other than that, there's really nothing to talk about there.
Rene F. Jones: I don't think that, that's necessarily the way we think about the growth in the Wilmington business is in platforms. I think that on the ICS and trust business, that's a whole different ballgame in the types of clients and services that we're providing. And then on the Wilmington side, really, our leverage is all about introducing the strong and talented team that's there to our customers. So we're not sort of focused on the idea that we would need to have more of those types of relationships in order to sort of provide good customer value.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, so on the $350 million that you mentioned, now, when we submitted our capital plan last year, we got approval to replace those through -- that approval lasts through the end of the first quarter here. So it is our intention to do that, and we'll probably use that piece as a replacement with a full preferred. And then the rest of the stuff, it depends -- and we've talked about this a little bit, some of it is actually closed at very low rates and so it will probably end up...
Rene F. Jones: Yes, so that's -- the remaining amount that, probably not in the near term but down the road as our capital structure firms up, we would then obviously look to do something. But we're not looking to do anything with that sort of sub set that you just talked about in the near term.
Rene F. Jones: Well, in near term, I don't expect that you'll notice any changes. I think that with regard to the whole announcement, I hope you would see with Mark and Kevin and some of the other names that you have heard or will continue to hear, that we've got a really, really deep bench. And with respect to Wilmington, as I said, that team is very, very strong. It's got strong leadership. And now, we've sort of gotten to a place where we've gotten to a very stable environment. And so, I think our forward-looking view of the Wilmington businesses is that, we should be able now to sort of kind of go full steam ahead and integrate that into all the opportunities that we have across our core footprint on the wealth side and maybe beyond that with respect to the institutional businesses. So my job is to help out in any capacity that I can, and I'm sure you'll probably hear more about that as we kind of move forward.
