Daryl Bible: Yeah. Thanks, Manan. Our position from rate sensitivity is really quite neutral. It's based on assumptions, but I feel we are really neutral there. If you look on the slide deck where we had net interest income, in one of the bullets there, we highlight that we had a 5 basis point positive impact on non-accrual interest. So, let me explain that to you. So, when our loans go into non-accrual, we basically when we still receive payments, both principal and interest, all that goes to principal. And then, if the loan is basically resolved favorably and they pay us off, obviously, we pay off the principal balance and then anything left over goes into net interest income. So, what we saw in the second quarter was basically a large amount of loans that basically came out favorably out of our non-accrual portfolio. So, what we put on there and what I talked about in the prepared remarks is that if you look at our average non-accrual interest for the last five quarters, it's been running around $15 million. This quarter, we got double that. So, I would basically say our NIM this quarter was actually on track, because if you adjust the $15 million out, we were at [5.56%] (ph) NIM. And I said that we would be mid-3.50%s for the second quarter. So, we're really on path to what I said, mid-3.50%s second quarter and high-3.50%s for third and fourth quarter is really where we wanted to be and expect to be. So, I think we're just on track, Manan.
Daryl Bible: No, we were at 3. So, we were 3.52%. We said we'd be in the mid-3.50%s. I say we really came in at 3.56% if you back out the extra above non-accrual interest that we normally get. I mean, we're going to get non-accrual interest every quarter. We've been averaging a couple of basis point benefit every quarter because of that. That's going to continue for a long time.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. I think it's pretty simple. I think we are aggressively working down our asset quality, our criticized loans, non-performing assets. I think we need to continue to make progress on that. As we make progress on that, you could see us decide to increase our repurchase shares potentially. Obviously, the economy is a factor. In my prepared remarks, we said we don't think it's likely, but it's possible that maybe you go into recession. So, if that were to happen, I think we'd have to view that and just be a little bit more defensive if that made sense or not. We still want to see the impacts of Basel III. I know we are carrying in more favorable things, but until we actually see it in writing, you really don't know what's going on. But those are probably the primary things that we're working on. We continue to shrink our CRE concentration, made great progress there. I have no doubt we will continue to make great progress in the next couple of quarters as well there.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. No, happy to answer that, Matt. So, we are very focused and working really hard both the first line and second line and working hard and made tremendous progress in bringing our CRE concentration numbers down. We did see a lot more liquidity in the marketplace this quarter. And we were able to see some of our clients that we had actually and criticized multifamily be able to do government placements out into the marketplace for liquidity. So, as we continue to have that liquidity, that helps us basically cure some of our criticized loan balances. The other thing that I would tell you is that we are doing a finance transformation. Finance transformation is basically putting in new general ledger system, subledgers, which we are doing really well and we're about halfway through that process now, but it's also improving and changing processes. So, as we improve and change processes, we are putting in better controls and more ways of actually how we put loans on the books. And that is causing some grading to go from what CRE would be into C&I owner occupied, because it really comes down to the source of repayment. Source of repayment is -- from an operating entity, it's basically not a CRE loan, it is a C&I owner occupied loan.
Daryl Bible: It is at a relatively high level. I'd probably trim maybe 5% or 10% out of that potentially on a run rate, but it's -- a lot of that other revenue that we talked about is the merchant fees and we had good quarter there and more activity. That could continue as we continue to have activity. The other is on loan demand and we're having loan syndication fees and all that, and that's going to be lumpy. We had a good quarter this past quarter in that area. We are seeing maybe a little bit of softening in some of the commercial areas, so it might be a little light. But yes, I'd say, at that same level to maybe down 5% or 10%.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, brokered CDs will continue to run off. We have another big chunk coming off in third and fourth quarter. So, we'll be pretty much out of brokered deposit CDs at least by the end of the year. As far as the betas go and rates, we continue to just see more rational pricing in the marketplace and we're able to maybe offer specials, but the specials that we're offering just aren't as high as what they were before. So, you're still seeing that. There is still some disintermediation. It is slowing down, but there's still continued disintermediation. The one that impacts NII the most is obviously the one that goes to DDA to interest-bearing deposit balances. We're capturing any disintermediation, but it's still seeing a little bit in the commercial area. The other thing is on the retail side, as long as rates are at this level, you're going to see a little bit of attraction of money going out of the non-maturity bucket into the CD deposits. But we feel pretty good that our deposit costs are flat and maybe down as the year progresses and into next year. I think it's just more rational pricing in the marketplace right now.
Daryl Bible: From a floor perspective, obviously, we are much higher than where we have to run the company long-term for M&T. We do have elevated criticized loan balances and we're really working hard. Our teams are working their butts off to basically bring those balances down. And we hope and plan that to continue through the rest of this year into next year. So that is definitely one of the key things that we're looking at. We are conservative. What I've said in prior quarters, the capital is not going anywhere, Erika. We will return it. We promise you that. We aren't going to be wasted or do anything stupid. It will come back to the shareholders at some point down there. We're just going to do it in a very conservative manner because that's just who we are.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, sure. So, we've made tremendous progress over the last three-plus years on getting our CRE concentration down, the plans that we put into place at that point and continue to execute. And you saw the benefits in our stress capital buffer because of that and that will hopefully continue when we continue to submit the stress capital CCAR test. I would say we're getting close, John. We are at 151% now. I think we're in the neighborhood of being close to where CRE will be much more normal space for us. We're at a level that we think is makes sense for the size of company we are and serving our communities and clients. So, we're probably maybe a quarter or two away, but I think that's not too far off. As far as non-accruals go, I tell you, this quarter, everything kind of worked, came together really strong. Our first-line credit team was working with our clients. We have a process in place where we're looking at all the CRE loans that are maturing and trying to see where and how we can work with our clients to either get it right-sized to get it upgraded off of criticized. We are seeing some of our criticized loans getting refinanced by others in the industry. And I talked earlier that we're seeing some of our criticized loans getting placed in the agencies with our programs with the GSEs. So, we're basically really focused on that. The teams are diligent and working hard, and we plan to have those numbers continue to drive down and be really positive.
Daryl Bible: So, when you look at loan modifications, when we are working with our clients, loan modifications, we are asking for more type of recourse or capital to be put into the transactions for them to get more time to work through their -- the higher interest rates that we have. So, the modifications we are doing are actually enhancing our position. So, we're giving them more extension on time and they're giving us more capital liquidity recourse for that time. So, we're actually in a better spot. So yes, our modifications are going up. This is our history of M&T. We work with our clients. If our clients support us, we're going to support them. That's what we do and that's what we're going to continue to do.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, Ebrahim, that's a great question. We saw a short window in the fourth quarter, in December, when the 10-year dropped 4% or a little bit under that. And we had huge volume that we're able to place our clients out with the agencies. Our RCC business was able to place a lot of loans out because of that. So, I think our 10-year last time I looked was 4.18%. So, I think we're getting closer to more of a pivot point where more volume will actually happen. So, I think lower rates would definitely help us lower our criticized balances sooner and faster from that perspective. That would be even more liquidity in the marketplace than what we saw this past quarter.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. We have a long-term history of our great strong credit performance. So, if you look at our LTVs that we have for the CRE portfolio, even office, we're still under 60% LTV there. So, if you -- a great thing to look at, if you look at our non-accruals, half of our non-accruals don't have a reserve against it. And typically you'd have a specific reserve on non-accruals. That's because we have collateral value that's stronger than what the loan value is today. So, it's really the strength of how we underwrite. And that credit performance is really what shows through in times of stress. So, yes, we have a higher level of criticized and non-accrual. We're working those down, but we think the loss content is still a lot lower.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, we are being very disciplined on how we're approaching our security purchases. We're trying to keep our durations relatively short. We really don't want to have a negatively convex portfolio. So, when we go to market and when we buy securities, we are basically balancing our securities between positively convex securities like treasuries and CMBS agency securities coupled with some negative convex securities, which could be some agency CMOs or MBS. So, we're being very balanced from there. So, we're trying to keep our duration around three years. Because of that, our yields, if you look at where rates are today, are blended to be around 5%. That negatively convexed are over 5%. Positively convexed are under 5% approximately. And we're living in three-year-type duration-type instruments, overall, is kind of what we're focused on. That said though, we're still going to have a nice benefit. If you look at what's maturing in the third and fourth quarter, the average yield of what's maturing is about 2.5%. So, we'll -- depending on where rates go, but right now where we get 250 basis points, still increase in that yield portfolio as that turns over. So, I think we feel really good. We're just being very disciplined. I'm not good at timing rates, so we kind of do dollars averaging over time. We've done that now for the last year. We're going to continue to do that going forward. And we'll just do it over time and averaging and hopefully continue to average up higher.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, on the prepared call, what I mentioned is that right now our investment portfolio is about $30 billion. We believe that the cash at the Fed is closer to mid-$20 billion-s, so closer to $25 billion. We're basically just trying to get out of some wholesale funding and just shrinking the balance sheet a little bit. So, our balance sheet size is coming down as well. So, we'll have a smaller balance sheet. It shouldn't really impact NII just because of the cost of the borrowings and what we earned on the Fed balance kind of canceled each other out. But we just feel mid-$25 billion is good. We do have limits in place to how well we go that be in the mid- to high-teens. So, we have well above that buffer that we're operating right now, but just want to be here again conservative. If we could go into a recession, which we don't think will happen, but if we do, this will be a really conservative balance sheet.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, our plans right now, Gerard, we are really pleased that we were down 20 basis points in our peer group. We were one of three banks that had a lower SCB, so we were really excited to have that outcome. But by us really focusing on and pushing down our criticized, besides share repurchase maybe increasing, it's also going to help us in our stress capital buffer when we go through the stress test. So, we're really focused in trying to bring down our criticized levels to as much as we can working with our clients over the next couple of quarters so that when we do seek our next year, if we decide to do it, which we may or may not, probably will though, we'll continue to try to get a lower stress capital buffer.
Daryl Bible: So, M&T has a long-term history of doing acquisitions, successful acquisitions, and that is one of the reasons how we grow here. But to be honest with you, we haven't really been talking about acquisitions. We're working on our four priorities that we have in the company right now. Our four priorities that we have are basically building out our markets in from the People's acquisition in New England and Long Island. We think that's really important, continue to build out. That's a great opportunity for us. And we think the M&T Bank will be really good in the markets that we serve theirs. I think they need a bank like us in those markets and we want to deliver to those clients. We're enhancing our risk areas throughout the company, making great progress in those areas. We will continue to focus on that. We're also improving resiliency. Some of the transformations that we're doing, we're putting in data centers, putting things up into the cyber or applications into the cloud. So, all that is going forward. And then lastly, we're continuing to optimize revenue and expenses. We put some money into treasury management this past year and we're now growing our treasury management revenues at double-digit pace. It's 13% right now. So, they're doing really good and continue to gain more momentum there in that treasury management. As we push more into C&I, that's a huge growth opportunity for us and that's really what we're focused on in trying to grow and serve our clients.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. I mean, we're right on track from our expense guidelines. Actually, we're doing a little bit better than what was in plan. So, you might see a little bit of shift in that in the second half of the year, but we're right on track. We're going to hit our plan numbers on expenses. I have no doubt about that. FTEs, we are down a couple of hundred [million] (ph) in FTEs from the start of the year. So that's just being managed by all the leaders and their groups and all that. So, I think from an expense perspective, we really have an owner's mindset at M&T. They really take to heart how we spend money and make sure how we're spending money in the right places and getting the right outcomes from that. So, I'm really fortunate to have a really great company that really understands how to run a company both from a revenue and expense side basis. So, it's all really good.
Daryl Bible: I would say second half of the year, you might see elevations in outside data processing and professional services. As we have now seven projects and our investment accounts are ramped up. Those probably will be areas of increase or still come into our target that we set on expenses. So, I feel really good about that. Some of the projects are just larger and takes time to ramp up. But as we get into '25, you'll see some projects start to complete. And whether we reinvest in other areas or not, we'll talk to you at that time right now. But overall, the company is making tremendous progresses on many fronts and we've got a lot of momentum going and we're going to continue to press on that.
