Don MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you all for participating in M&T's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings and Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, including the form we filed in connection with the earnings release for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements.  Darren King is not with us today and is recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 virus. He expects to rejoin us shortly. In his absence M&T's CEO, René Jones will draw on his skills as former CFO and will be our primary speaker on today's call. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Executive, René Jones.
Don MacLeod: Matt, the option-adjusted spread on pass-throughs turned negative again. So you're not being paid to take the negative convexity risk.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at (716) 842-5138. Thank you, and goodbye.
René Jones: I guess the way I think about it is, if you look at how our allowance worked at the end of the quarter, we saw releases in the commercial C&I book and in the consumer book. And those are largely reflective of the GDP and unemployment projection improvements that you've seen. And I think the thing to think about as you know, that one of the unique things about this period of time is that it's uneven, right? So while we're having good projections and unemployment is coming down, we've got great projections for GDP, it's not even everywhere. And so some of the places that are affected by travel and entertainment, right, are still lagging behind. So while we've seen things, for example, like higher scheduled bookings for the summer and the fall, we've really yet to see the improvement, particularly in our CRE and our hotel exposures.  So without using the word overlays, I think that we're looking for signs of improvement in those particular areas, which would be required before we would see any reduction in the reserves on those portfolios.
René Jones: It's a great question. We give a lot of thought. I think our first thought, it starts with the idea that we probably, at the end of the quarter, probably had $20 billion of excess liquidity beyond what we would use and use for our liquidity position. And I think a huge portion of that is clearly related to what I would call, transitory. Now the big issue is how long does it transition? And so when we -- first thought that we have is that we hate to invest in low-return assets. So we don't think it's our job to invest for you all of that cash in securities because you could go do that off on your own. The returns are too low. Having said that, we do have one of the smallest securities book out there. And so we're sort of constantly monitoring this idea of how low do we want to make that go. So I think maybe the more interesting thing long-term is what's really hard to see is the growth in activity that may be permanent that's happening over time, the account growth, those types of things, and the behavior of customers. So I think when we do see, which maybe for a while -- may not be for a while because of more infrastructure spending and things like that. But when we do see a return, I think we may see a higher level of cash balances for quite some time. And as that becomes more clear to us, we would think about investing those dollars. But I think it's a little too early today.
René Jones: Yes. So in the C&I space, I think, I don't know if it's a change, but if you look in the areas of M&A activity, if you look in the areas of manufacturing, we've seen some progress there. But beyond that, it's very slow. Utilization was either flat to slightly down this quarter. We're seeing very limited, if any, growth, really declines in the CRE segment because there's just no demand because of the state of things there.  Having said that, it's interesting, as particularly commercial volumes remain low, if you look back, as I did over four, five quarters, you do see a steady increase in the roll on margin. So the activity that is getting done is at higher return levels. So that should have some impact as we move further -- not immediate impact, but as we -- as that continues, that should have some positive impact on the margin. Things remain -- still remain really robust on the consumer side with the exception of HELOC loans.
René Jones: Yes. So what I'll say is, no surprise, hotels continue to be the property type that are under the greatest amount of stress in our portfolio. And hotel CRE loans were the largest contributor to the -- in our -- in both -- in our criticized book. And the thing to think about it is, given the duration of the pandemic and its impact on things like travel, it's really not surprising that the hotels kind of face greater stress. So you'll remember that although performance, we're seeing some slight improvement -- give me one second -- we've seen some slight improvement, most of our hotel portfolios really can't support the contractual debt service payments without an in-place modification or maybe as important support from their sponsors. So what that means is that while you've seen an increase in classified -- so this quarter, we've seen about a $1 billion increase in our classifieds, about half of that was in the hotel space. Really what that is, is just the length of time. Having said that, we don't expect that those downgrades will contribute to increased risk of loss because that really depends on other factors like beyond the credit grade, like the strength of the sponsors and the value of the underlying collateral. You'll notice that we didn't have much of an increase to non-performance, for example.  In terms of those two factors, the strength of our collateral: first, what we've been doing is we've been on a mission to reappraise all of our hospitality properties that are in excess of $5 million and that are in the classified status. So that reflects a little over 100 properties and that accounts for $2.3 billion in exposure. So the first 62 of those appraisals so far through February have shown as-is values that have declined about 15% and stabilized values that reflect about a 6% decline. Keep that in mind that we're starting with 56% LTV. And then if you jump to New York City, we've seen a 24% as-is decline with a 4% stabilized decline, but that starts with an LTV above 47%, right? So that gives you a sense that the migration we're seeing in classifieds in the space is pretty normal of what we would have expected, but it's not necessarily an indication of loss content. And then finally, the last thing I'd say is, in talking to all of our sponsors, they seem to remain strong and capable of supporting the properties until conditions improve. And we really have a low number of properties, maybe something like 12%, 13% that come due this year and a significant portion that are 2023 and beyond, in excess of 60% that are further out. So we think we're in a good position to kind of watch this stuff change. I don't know if I have the numbers on the specific reserve for you.
René Jones: Yes. No, it's a good question. I think we're looking at low single-digit year-over-year change in the margin, decline in the margin. But I would say that we are off to a good start. If you think about how do you outperform that, you kind of -- your first quarter is probably the toughest because you’re on a declining trend. And so we're excited that we actually outperformed there. And I think the things that we're not sure how long they last, but things like the extended foreclosure moratorium means that we'll be doing less repooling of the Ginnie Mae. It means they'll be on the balance sheet longer, right? So that will produce some results and then the cash balances are relatively high. So I'd just say we feel good and optimistic about at least -- at the least meeting our projections.
René Jones: Yes. Okay. So on the Ginnie, it will be hard to continue to find places to purchase Ginnie’s, we keep working on it. But at the end of the day, particularly again, because of the foreclosure modification and the extension going out, we think there's just going to be fewer opportunities to do that. In terms of the PPP loans…
René Jones: We haven't disclosed that number, I don't think. I'm not sure. But we were -- modestly, it did almost no change. Maybe it was down $3 million. And we don't expect a significant change. That will progressively move. But by next quarter, we don't expect a significant change on it.
René Jones: What I will tell you is that when you take a step back and think about the margin that we have, the excess cash, if you take the $20 billion that I talked about before, if you didn't have that, that essentially takes your printed margin up over 50 basis points. And if you also exclude all of the PPP activity balances and all the income, that has about a 9 basis point impact in the other direction. So what really is interesting to me is that aside from those 2 factors, our margin has held up really, really well compared to historical terms. But it's just a little noisy. You can't see it because of those 2 items.
René Jones: Yes. That's a great question. I -- what you have to do is just to kind of go back prior to the pandemic and think about our operating model. We more than -- I mean more than most, focus on core operating accounts, right? So we have never had a need to actually do a national -- what are they called, things as Internet bank that raises money across the network, we're always raising money predominantly in our customer businesses with operating accounts. And what you're going to see when that happens with operating accounts, all of the cash from the stimulus, all of the cash, the monetary events that have taken place, are actually going into customer accounts. And because our proportion of customer accounts and core operating higher than most institutions, you see the impact on M&T is outsized. Now that means that we've got to manage it very closely. So today, for example, we're very making sure that sort of nobody is renting our balance sheet for free and just parking money that nobody else wants. Again, core operating concepts. But that's the principal reason. And you can actually draw a comparison between a percentage of both DDA and, let's say, transaction accounts. If you get that information across institutions, and go before the crisis and then look, today, you'll see that's the differentiator.
René Jones: Exactly. Exactly. So that's 1 that you'll begin to see. You'll see -- I think you're going to see, both on the consumer side and business, more spending. I think it might be 1 of the factors which gives us the most uncertainty about loan growth because there's so much cash that's been built up. And then if you start looking at certain factors, it's not just sentiment. Remember, for example, with large -- with middle-market companies, the supply chains are still not fully unlocked and back to normal, right? So that's preventing people from maybe building up inventories, very classic example would be the auto industry and so forth. So -- but you got that exactly right. I would expect to see that a fair portion of this starts to increase spending, both from consumers and commercial. I also think, this is my own opinion, that events like pandemics will linger for a very long time, and the idea that customers are going to keep higher ongoing levels of cash as a permanent way of doing business makes a lot of sense to me.
René Jones: Well, I think the dealerships are all doing fine, right, because the activity there is that it's very difficult to get new cars. But having said that, there's a search around, right, for used cars. And so as things, for example, as your car comes off lease, right? If you don't actually take on and buy that car, they had some nice source of cars into the dealers. And this is one of the principal reasons why used car prices are so high, right? If you're thinking about the third quarter of last year, we thought were sort of record highs on used car prices. What -- and we thought that by the fourth quarter, that would start to come down. But those supply chains really haven't unlocked and the prices were just continuing to go up, which means the dealers are really healthy. There's sort of a nice natural offset for them.
René Jones: So this is how it goes, Matt. This is how it goes internally, right? So I call up -- Darren and I call up Scott Warman and we ask that exact question every month. What are you waiting for? And then what we find out is we're really, really happy when the 10-year was at its low that he didn't respond to us. And -- but when the 10-year got itself up to the 170s range, we've dipped our toe back in the market, but not significantly. Because we just kind of look through, and we think that these bond prices don't make much sense from a long-term perspective, and we know that, right? So while we could make a little bit more money, we're constantly focused on risk-adjusted returns. Are we making the right decisions? So while we might purchase a few more securities, I don't see it being a meaningful move or a meaningful change in the way we position it, unless we see better risk-adjusted returns on those portfolios.
René Jones: I think that our C&I customers are more optimistic than they were last quarter and the quarter before. I think that sentiment will continue to change. I think you're going to see more activity. And the question will be a matter of timing, do they use their cash and do they come up. But we -- the trend if you look at this quarter, has actually been pretty decent on the C&I space when you net out the PPP effect. So commercial real estate, I don't expect to do much for the near term, I think there's a lot better -- obviously, a lot of pain there, but there's also a lot of resetting going on. The one place where I think we've talked about and everybody's talked about, warehouse and industrial. The issue there, though, is because it's the only class in real estate that prices -- again, pricing and economics have been computed away, so it doesn't make any sense from an economic perspective for us to lean into that space. So I think we're optimistic about loan growth for the long-term, but it's just going to take some time to start moving in the right direction.
René Jones: Yes. Well, it's kind of funny that the actual -- just the whole process of integration is really getting at that, right? We -- what I would start by saying is, we sort of set up our transition teams, everybody on each side of the -- each side -- both organizations have met, everything that we've seen, particularly on the businesses that we're not really part of, have confirmed everything that we saw in due diligence. Number two, we're super impressed with their talent and their people. We've done a lot of acquisitions, among all of them this one sort of stands out where the people who are running the businesses -- the business are really capable, including the couple of businesses that we don't have. So there's a lot of dialogue going on just around exactly what you're talking about. And I'll just remind you that we think, for example, from the M&T side, some of the capabilities that we have with small business banking, our key treasury management, capital markets expertise, extending that to their customer base is going to provide a significant opportunity. We have M&T Realty Capital Corp, which allows us to meet the needs of real estate clients, but not necessarily use our balance sheet for that. And that's a new capability for them. And then of course, Wilmington Trust, combined with their wealth, I think we're going to bring a lot more capabilities combined than we would individually to the New England markets. If you go the other way, we're very excited and continue to be excited about the equipment finance business and being able to offer that -- those services to M&T's small business and middle market customers. And so it's not a short list, right, which is sort of one of the principal reasons that we felt that we could do a better job for our collective customers together than separately.
René Jones: So first of all, the numbers that Darren gave like you just cited last quarter haven't changed much at all. We're pretty much in the same position. But it's sort of the same topic, right? I mean -- so by putting on swaps, you're turning a floating rate asset into a fixed-rate asset. Said another way, you're adding to your fixed rate exposure. And you could do the same things with securities, right, but we're really cautious about doing that. And as Don said, locking in negative economic returns. So it's a good thing. I mean the other way to say it is that if you're worried about the negative economic returns, 1 offsetting factor is that you're actually neutralizing yourselves, right? Because we all think that rates can't go below zero, but that's not true. And so there is some added benefit to that. But the swap issue is the same as the securities issue to me.
René Jones: Yes. I think what Darren has talked about is that we'll continue to remain at or maybe slightly above our historical average, I think our term averages in the mid-30s, 30 range. I think that if you think about -- just to give you a sense, if you think about gross charge-offs net of recoveries, we're about $122 million last quarter, $123 million this quarter, pretty steady. What was different about this that brought us down to 31 basis points is that we had about $23 million, $24 million more of recoveries. One of those, for example, was on a company that's a supplier to the energy business or the fracking business, the supplier of services there. And that the rest of them were across the board, a smaller number of recoveries. So the consistent trend, I think, is kind of there, underlying that. It's hard to predict what's going to happen with recoveries. But I think Darren's comments might make sense maybe at or maybe slightly above and for some period of time long run average.
René Jones: Yes. You got it right. Timing and mix, that's a perfect statement. I think if you were to look at underlying margins, as you think like purely margins to the customer, those were flat to slightly down. But there was a lot of noise in volume and rates moving around in between. And so that sort of market sensitivity allowed us to capture more economics. And so the overall gross margin was higher. If I saw something that was slightly encouraging, it was that while we had maybe just under 4% increase in applications, our pipeline at the end of the quarter was up 5.5%. And so we kind of ended the quarter with the same momentum that we had or maybe slightly better than we did during the quarter. So that should help as we move into next quarter. I mean hard to predict what's going to happen with margin, but that core underlying trend was slightly negative.
René Jones: Yes. So that's a good point. So when you look at those numbers, we had nice growth, but there was an offset from the money market waivers. I think the total amount of waivers that we have are around $12 million or $13 million that are embedded in that today. And I think that increased by $1 million quarter-over-quarter there.
René Jones: No. So what we did this quarter was separate from what we will do for People's which we'll decide at the time of the close. So what we did this quarter is, I think we just had a slightly elevated number. We were -- I think were -- we made contributions of $12 million, and we typically have been doing about $3 million. I think last quarter it was around $3 million.
René Jones: Yes. I mean I think -- I'll say this, I mean I don't disagree with what you said. But what it comes down to is what's your loan mix and what's the quality of your underwriting. And that for us really hasn't changed. So today, if I were here to say -- answer the question, could we get back to our -- where we were in our lows or a normal short, we're going to still see the same cycle a little be sharper. But in a calmer, more neutral environment, we would have -- we would probably look like we did in the past.
René Jones: No. We have it running down sort of over time, there's no sort of sharp drop in that space. So I mean, as you're thinking about quarter-over-quarter and getting your way through the year and into next, that's what I would think about it, a steady drop. I think if you take Mike's comments, you kind of get a sense of the ins and outs. And so I think we -- on the original PPP loans, are we 50% of the way through? Has been run off of 50% of the original PPP loans, which started at about $7 billion, $6.5 billion were -- are now gone and 50% are there. So that should give you some sense.
René Jones: I think you'll be happy to know it's not fancy. We measure the amount of checking accounts -- business banking checking accounts, we open every month against the amount of checking accounts that we close. On the ones that we closed, we're trying to find the friction points and make things easier so that they're not leaving and transitioning out. And it's really interesting that you asked the question because I mean we've seen just -- I would just -- I'll just use the words, I mean let's see how permanent it is, but we've seen a dramatic increase in our business banking DDA production primarily driven by new customer acquisition. And I think what's happening is that's a combination of this idea that we've been introduced as a trusted partner through the PPP program, we've been introduced to a lot more customers. And at the same time, we now -- it's not been that long since we launched our small business online origination channel. And so what we're seeing is that the combination of those 2 things, I guess, people's awareness about our capabilities and what we do have actually increased.  So really simple, every quarter, what's happening with checking accounts? Are we opening them? Are they from existing customers, new customers? What are the MSAs they're working in? I have a real big bent on empowering our teams in the individual communities. So the way in which we do things in Boston or New Hampshire might be different than Baltimore, but the expectation on the metrics are going to be all the same. How many quality checking accounts are we opening, not necessarily how much lending we're doing because we think all that leads to a healthy company will end up in the end doing loans and things like that with us.
René Jones: Well, I mean, a couple of things we look at. We look at -- we've talked about a lot. We're doing a lot around Net Promoter Score. We do a lot around the Greenwich work. And if you think about the Greenwich work underneath, it doesn't just tell you that you made a lot of loans. It tells you how -- they survey your customers and they tell you where you stack up. So our -- do you do business with us, are we your lead bank? We sort of measure those things religiously. And yes, I think what you'll see is usually it's the most volume thing we have is ranked. We talked about it all the time. Are we the #1, #2 SBA lender, if we're not the #1 or 2 in our markets then why and what's happening in those spaces. Even that SBA rank is not a pure thing cover everything, but it's a huge indicator of the activity and how engaged our workforces if they're not in the #1, 2 or 3 spot in the community.
René Jones: It's about $90 million. Yes. Well, I would say -- and I'm sure -- I'm in this little temporary. I'll get the stage for 1 morning. But I tend not to worry about too much about looking at hedges on their own, because the hedge always matters in the context of the rest of the portfolio. And so to the we decided to slow down our hedging or stop the hedging, what basically you're left with is you're moving away from -- you've turned floating rate assets into fixed rate assets, you're moving them back basically. And the question is what's happening with the rest of the portfolio. In past recessions, we would see much higher margin on our roll-on commercial loans, and that would be replacing the rundown in the hedges. And so the real issue is loan growth in my mind. That's how I think about it. Darren will change that next week. So you only have 30 -- 90 days to think the way I do.
René Jones: Yes, your construct is right. We think ultimately, our desire is to run towards the lower end of our peers. I think the context to think about is we went under a really, really hard stress test the last fall, the redo last fall. And we went into that test around [9.4], and we were able to survive pretty severe space, particularly in the real estate space, which we have high concentration in. We're 100 basis points above that today, right? So that tells you -- that starts to tell you the excess part.  The other thing is, I think we're going to see a change, not immediately, but over time, around real estate exposure, how we think about those things. Because to the extent that there's sort of a de facto assumption of losses on real estate in the teens when you book it, right? Well, that begins to change the economics and we have to think about our portfolios because we believe just being efficient use of capital is really important. So we've thought a lot about how we might do certain things differently in the commercial real estate space. And to the extent that we do, that means that, that will be -- even position us better to be at the lower end of our peers.
