René Jones: Well, I guess the way to look at that, Matt, is that we're going to try to look at the portfolio as a whole, so there's nothing specific that we would do to Wilmington Trust securities portfolio. But when we look at the whole, we're trying to manage the overall level, given where our actual loan growth comes out. So we would just view them as part of our overall discretionary portfolio -- discretionary asset portfolio.
René Jones: I guess you kind of asked the question that's on everybody's mind. For myself, I guess, we would have hoped to have been able to sort of talk about the fact that we had approval for the deal at this point. But I think these things are just taking a little bit longer than we expected. But once we do that, as we've said before, once we understand where we are with the Wilmington transaction and then, we would be able to sort of address questions on the whole capital structure of the bank and what we need to do, TARP and those types of things. So once we get through this first step, I think we'll be able to say more on that. We don't see anything that -- we've answered all the questions. We think we're -- we would be -- we would guess that we would hear something relatively soon, we just haven't heard yet.
René Jones: Yes. I mean, I guess the one thing that Don and I had been saying for several quarters is that we think that our credit picture would be somewhat lumpy. And I think that that's probably still the case, but I guess one change that we see is that as we look at our classified loan books and relative to a year ago or maybe even 18-months ago, the size of the credits are smaller that we've been dealing with. So I do think that's one nice sort of bit that as you get into a space where you look at your -- not the size of your classified loan book, but the size of the individual credits, it becomes a little bit more predictable. So if that helps.
René Jones: Yes, I mean, so we won't -- because we're putting this in our Q, we'll have to give a final number there. But they were down, I would say somewhere in the neighborhood of $100 million or maybe a little bit more, so that was encouraging. I think the other thing that was encouraging was that when you kind of looked at where the improvement came from, it didn't come from one sector of the economy. You saw improvements in transportation, a number of transportation companies. You saw, obviously, some improvement in real estate and development which was -- those were more from things that we did to work out the process. But also media-related companies, consumer, retail companies. So it was actually nice to just kind of look through the classified loan book by client and type of industry, and you got some sense that the improvement wasn't sort of just centered in one space.
René Jones: Well, yes. The time we did -- at the time that we had the announcement, you described that pretty well, so we were November 1. What we provided in that presentation was, just to be clear, was our expectation of credit losses over the life of the loans. So we didn't do a mark. We didn't have an interest rate mark in all that in there. And then what we did is we went back and I think we spent another 11 or 12 days in the month of December and we took another look and sort of set everything up, but we didn't see any change in our expectations, really, at that point in time. So what we've been doing ever since is just watching as Wilmington goes through their process, we're able to look at, for example, at what they charge off and try to get some sense of whether those are the same credits that we saw -- that we would have predicted would've had some difficulty.  And I would say we haven't had any big material change in what we're thinking. Obviously, they had a fair amount of charge-offs in the fourth quarter and so that's a little accelerated. But in terms of total content, there's nothing, really, that we've seen that's materially different.
René Jones: I don't know. I think our margin outlook is very stable. I think you're right on the liability side. The thing that we have seen, though, is we've actually been able to continue to eke out small improvements, in part because the time deposit portfolio is repricing. But also, wholesale rates have been down, right? They've been markedly down. But I think the other thing when I step back and look at the margin as a whole, for a very, very long time, we had put on loans and replacing run-off that we're at a much higher margin.  And then I'd say, the peak of that was probably somewhere around the first to second quarter of 2009. And since that time, from a match-funded basis, we've put on a fair amount of loans, right? At a much wider margin that was embedded in the existing portfolio already. So you kind of see there's no shrinkage of the asset side in terms of yields, but I think our margin's going to be pretty stable for a while, sans the Wilmington transaction.
René Jones: Well, we kind of give you where we're trying to head, and then the best thing to do is kind of take a look at essentially what our capital generation is -- rate is. And I think from where we were that's been a pretty big contributor. Whether you look at tier 1 common or tangible, we're running it somewhere between 25 to 30 basis points a quarter. And we think that's probably the biggest health -- the most healthy contributor. But I don't understand what you mean by pump in.
René Jones: I'll guess I'll just reiterate. I mean, our goal as we kind of work our way through it, is to have capital ratios that look a lot like what they looked at before we announced the transaction on November 1.
René Jones: Erika, let me just go back. If you go back over time, we've been very consistent, right? As you go back with the -- as we look at where we think we're going to head, we make our estimates. And so generally, without some event happening, we tend to do a pretty decent job of sort of managing to what we say. The biggest issue you saw there is why -- that's one of the reasons why we repositioned some of the securities portfolio, right? To sort of manage to those levels.
René Jones: We have talked about for a very long time that when you compare our statistics to what you get in the OCC's sort of nationally published statistics, that actually has fared pretty well, and that hasn't changed. So for example, one second, if you look at our total re-default rate, just got to make sure I'm looking at the total loans here, that from 2008 to 2010, it would be something like 35%, 35.2%.  And then if you look at non-agency and then if you do a comparison to sort of with the OCC, for example, and we take various quarters, right? So if you look at the average of the quarters from '09 through the second quarter of 2010, so those are seasoned, we would be -- we'd be at 25% versus the -- I'm sorry, we'd be at 10% versus the OCC at 25%. And that's just after 6 months of experience. So very much the same as what we've been tracking before. The absolute numbers, I think, are up a little bit, but still very good in comparison to what the national averages seem to be.
René Jones: I mean, I guess it all depends on what happens with rates. But if rates were to stay flat, right, then it's hard to find a lot of catalysts for margin expansion, right?  And the thing that I said then and that I still believe is if you were going to show outsize loan growth, demand is picking up, for example, in the C&I space. But for anybody to produce outside loan growth, I think there's a fair amount of pricing competition there and you might actually begin to see some margin compression. The only exception to that is if somebody has a boatload of securities sitting on their books and they're repricing it too. But for a relatively balanced portfolio, I think it would be hard to create margin expansion today.
René Jones: Well, what we said back in January is that we thought that our net interest margin for the full year of 2011 wouldn't be materially different from what it was in 2010. And I think we're still there. I think that if I look at where we are at in the quarter, maybe it's a little stronger than I had, had thought. And then when you bring in Wilmington for half a year, let's say, that's going to have some dampening effect. But again, I don't expect it to be all that material. Having said that, when we sit here talking about the third quarter, we'll get a better picture of what the run rate is, right, from the impact of Wilmington.  And that could be down some. So we'll have to take a look and see.
René Jones: I don't think it's changed. I think that for us, it's been competitive for a long time. I think our volume has been pretty steady. We're running around somewhere between $60 million to $100 million a month in volume.  When times were when good and we thought we were getting adequate returns in that portfolio, it could be a size $200 million, right? So it's down quite a bit and hasn't changed too much.
René Jones: Well, yes, sure. I mean, I think two things. I think we summed it up as best we could in the press release is that while we've seen signs in our book that there's some improvement, it's hard to ignore the fact that relative to the last 20 years, we're at an all-time high in our non-performing book, and I would guess as well in our classified book. So when you look at that, you saw some turnaround mid-last year and people were asking, "Was that the turnaround?" And then we actually had a couple of upticks, right? And now we're coming down a little bit. So I think that we're cautiously optimistic, but to noticeably take the allowance down when you're at an all-time high somehow just doesn't seem to make much sense to us at all.
René Jones: I say, Ken, the other thing is, as you look around the corner, you look at the facts that may be out there. But also the overall macro environment for the economy outside the U.S., it changes rapidly.  And with that level of weakness, things could turn around really quickly.
René Jones: I think that when you look where our assets -- the sensitivity because we're asset sensitive, I think that we might reconsider that as we get to the second half of the year. We've put on about $800 million in mortgages and so now what we're just doing is stopping and we're kind of taking -- stepping back and taking a look at where we're going to fall with our capital ratios and the positioning of our balance sheet up to Wilmington, and then we'll have to reconsider post that.
René Jones: There was no impact on average this quarter, you're right. But yes, that's right. You'll see it, so just take the average asset and then you can start from there when you think about the second quarter.
René Jones: No. There wasn't anything to our comment about the size of credits. There were still inflows into non-performing, but more outflows. But nothing really notable.
René Jones: Yes, I wouldn't know of any specific difference in the salary line, but it seems to be that would be something from last year. Yes, I mean, I don't think so, Marty, I mean there's nothing unusual there. If you look at the total amount as we've said in the script, I mean it's very, very similar to what we saw last year. The one difference might be that, when you look sort of year-over-year of all the categories of expense, that we spent a little more this year, this first year quarter, on technology initiatives that will relate to sort of technology initiatives around the web, around deposit, deposit products and services around our business banking customers. So if you're looking at total, I would say you look at the other category in professional services are up. But other than that...
René Jones: Well, this quarter, as you look where it was -- I've got to be careful -- there's two different things that you're looking at there. There's private label residential mortgages, which were more of what generated the OTTI in the fourth quarter. And then these were a different set of securities. Also sort of residential mortgage-based CMOs that we took charges on, but it's a different set of securities, right? So as you look at it, the total -- if you look at the private label which has generated most of the charges, that's actually come down over time. And I would guess that might have been somewhere around $4 million or $5 million relative to what you saw last quarter.  And then this other group of securities came in. So it's hard to say, it depends on how long we see the weakness in the housing market.
René Jones: Well first of all, in M&T our time horizons are very long, so I'll caveat this with that. But I mean we've been through a very long period trying to see what it will be, where our margins that we're getting on originations are just higher because the capital markets shut down.  And I would say that if you look, for example, since maybe the first or second quarter of '09, take C&I or take all of the commercial lending, that's actually -- those origination margins have come down steadily, but they're still -- they're still, I would say, almost in some cases 90 basis points higher than what we were running in 2006 and 2007, right? So I think that's a fundamental change for some time. Now guess what? When the economy heats up and the capital markets come back, I wouldn't be surprised to see more margin pressure then.
René Jones: Yes. I mean, I don't know if I can add anything to what we've said in the past, but I can talk about kind of how it works. And I would say that if you think about it from a simple GAAP perspective versus a regulatory perspective, we'll be able to -- our view is that we'll be able to realize a lot of the deferred tax items that they lost, so to speak. I can't tell you the exact amount, in part because of the fact that your allowance or disallowance, I forgot which one it is, is dependent upon the price of the deal and where our share price is at the close. But I can say it's fair to say that we'll recapture a fair amount of that. But when you look at the point of the close of the deal from a regulatory perspective, you can only look out one year in your earnings capabilities.  And with all the onetime expenses and other types of things to convert, it sort of limits in the first year your amount that you can use for your regulatory ratios. You obviously, over time, get a lot of that back, but it's somewhat limited.
René Jones: Let me tell you what I can say. I mean, the way in which we monitor our capital levels, we don't just look at the ratio. Obviously, with the new ratio coming out there being 7% Tier 1 common, obviously, we have to focus on that. But underlying what we do is we look at the quality of our loan book in particular and the other risks that are in our balance sheet, and we look at that relative to the capital that we have.  And if we saw that we had a weakening credit or a worse position, obviously we'd have to hold higher capital. When we think about where we are today, and we said this for some time, we're generating capital very, very quickly, right? So if you take our estimate that we gave you of Tier 1 common and just exclude Wilmington for a minute, we're already at 6.78%, somewhere in that neighborhood, right? So a 1/4 or 2, you're at 7% and then you're quickly kind of getting yourself well above, right? So when we think about it, obviously we'll have to be above the regulatory guidance. But what the number is, is going to be really dependent on any given time by the quality of our loan book and what we see underneath. The other thing I would say to you is that you're not really looking at normalized numbers yet. I mean, you see that a number of people out there, some larger than us, some are -- particularly are showing 2 numbers. They're showing that maybe they'll be at 9% or 10% today, but if you converted that down to Basel III, particularly a number of people with their derivative books and those types of things, that they're closer to 7%, right? So my sense is that you're going to have to keep some sort of cushion above the 7%. And the size of that cushion will change over time, depending on what you see in the quality of your loan book. But I don't think we're an outlier, especially when you kind of consider the remaining pending rules that are out there.
René Jones: I don't have the same. I mean, what I can tell you is at about -- I'll grab that for you in a minute, but about half of the improvement we saw this quarter on an asset basis came from improved line utilization and half came from just new customers or new balances. We were up slightly. A utilization that we track was 49.3 versus 48.7. And then the total commitments were up from year-end, but down from September 30.
René Jones: Well, yes. I mean, obviously, I can't comment on their earnings, right? That's in their core.  And I guess I can say that there's nothing that I see that surprises us from any of the original works that we did. We didn't see anything materially different. Obviously, they've got a number of run-off portfolios and whether that be through just normal run-off of those portfolios or through -- on the loan book or through charge-offs, right? Balances keep coming down. You probably saw that at the end of the fourth quarter, though.
René Jones: Yes, that's right. And then Ken, just one, just to be very clear, so what I'm saying is the thing that's not terribly affected, I don't believe, is the full year margin. Part of that's because you've only got six months of Wilmington. It might get a bit larger effect when we get into what I would call the run rate.
René Jones: Good question. Well, I guess the way I'd say it is that the most of the decline that you saw this quarter came from the lower repurchase costs. And those numbers were something like, last quarter was about $14 million and this quarter, it was somewhere around $3 million. So you're kind of -- I guess the good news is, you're kind of at a low point there, right? So it's relatively clean. And I would then say that if you look at the impact from changing the repurchase, well maybe that was a smaller amount. I guess, I don't know how to say it, but if you just assume most of the change there was from the repurchase risk, I think you're probably at a pretty good starting base.
René Jones: Yes, but I mean, you got most of -- I mean, how do I say this? It might have been about $7 million impact or something like that this quarter of a positive, right? So that's a pretty big positive. So you remember, when you look at our average mortgage banking income, right? You got three big items: you got residential mortgage service originations, you've got commercial mortgage originations and you've got servicing. Servicing's a big piece as well. So a $7 million swing tells you that you got a fair amount of the impact, a pretty good impact in the first quarter. I guess maybe it's a little larger as you go to the second quarter, but I kind of think of it as a relatively normal quarter. The first quarter being the relatively normal.
René Jones: It's a good question. I'll try to get too far to it. One, when you take Basel III and you kind of run through it and assuming we would be under it, we just, based on the types of business we're in, we don't have a really significant impact. The example I'd give you is maybe we're at mortgage servicing rights, which is one of the issues. Maybe it's in the three-ish range of our capital, nowhere near 10, right? We don't have a lot of trade derivative trading. So I don't expect there to be any big material impact even if we were under it. The real question that's out there is more on the last topic to come, which is sort of liquidity, right? And liquidity coverage ratios. And given that we're a predominantly deposit-funded institution, right? That's going to be the big question out there and whether they treat everybody equal. And as you well know, as you went through the storm and as we went through past storms, our deposit portfolio holds up pretty well. And I think that's an area where we're out there asking questions and seeing if we're all going to be treated as one. But there really isn't much of an answer yet.
René Jones: Yes. I mean, I think much of what you see that's holding that down a little bit is probably years of nonperformance or payoffs, right? You've got a couple of run-off portfolios there. I would say that, how do I say this? We haven't seen big growth. If you were focused on looking for growth and doing transactions, there's plenty of it out there at decent margins. But generally, it's been pretty slow. The positive news, I think, in the real estate space is that there are transactions happening. Investors are in the market. So that really helps you in terms of when someone's looking to refinance or whether you have to restructure a transaction. That's been the most positive thing that we have heard. The other thing I think that's been out is the sort of resurgence a little bit of some of the conduits and we've heard rumors of that, or they've come back a little bit and they're expecting to do some volume. But I'll give you a sense. We asked -- we have a survey of our customers that we do. And on the CRE side, we asked, "How do you feel about the availability of CRE financing over the next 6 months?" And 57% of those customers ranked it as sufficient when they're thinking about regional banks. And in July, that was just 45%. And then 53% said it was sufficient, up from 41%, when the talks about the capital markets. So generally, people are feeling that credit is more available, they're interested in doing things. It just hasn't resulted in a lot of loan growth, I think, because I think there's still a lot runoff in the overall portfolios that are in properties being worked out.  And if I were a real estate investor, I would go for the low-hanging fruit first.
René Jones: Well, let me answer the last question first. I'm not going to give you a ton of specifics there but I mean, we fund -- primarily the C&I loans are funded with LIBOR. So LIBOR, our spreads are to LIBOR. So look at 25 to 30 basis points is really what really one month's LIBOR should be, somewhere in that range over time. So pretty healthy margins when you kind of come to the yield. We've seen loan growth that's kind of -- we've seen loan growth that's been strong kind of across-the-board. I mean, if I look at our middle market space, we had -- and if I look at it as an asset basis, we kind of get rid of the big fourth quarter year-end effect there, we had loan growth that was pretty decent in Upstate New York. We had it in what we call our Metro region, which is sort of everything from Tarrytown to New York, Philadelphia. We had growth in the Baltimore and Chesapeake area. So just about everybody is participating. If you look at the average growth, I'll give you another example. We had 9% growth on an average basis in Upstate New York, 21% in Metro annualized growth, 7% in PA, 3% in the Mid-Atlantic. And then if you look at what types of companies, they cover the gamut. So service companies, media-type businesses, distribution businesses. I mentioned transportation earlier. So it covers the gamut.
René Jones: Yes, sure. I mean, there's no change from what we would do in the past. And I guess my comment would be that our loan growth, but for on the CRE side a little bit in the fourth quarter, has been relatively subdued. And that's not because we couldn't do transaction-type stuff if we wanted to, it's just not where we operate. So we tend to focus on our pre-existing customers and people that we've known for a very, very long time. And I would suggest that -- but for the end of last year, the loan growth hasn't been that great and it really hasn't been that much of a change in sort of, actually, there hasn't been any change in the way we think about it.
René Jones: No, no, nothing there. That's one of the reasons why we kind of disclosed that in our annual report. You can see the mix and size of the deals and if we were to have a big change, you'd see that.
René Jones: No, the average was up almost $1 billion, right? It was $830 million, I think it was.  And of course, as we -- relative to where we were on November 1, those numbers are even higher than that, right? And then when you consider the fact that we had put on $800 million of resis [residentials], right? We have a fair amount of loan growth, I guess. I guess I would say we'd have more loans that we probably would have anticipated back when we were sitting there on November 1.
René Jones: We had a couple of things going on, right? We had over $1 billion of loan growth from November to December, right? And on top of that, we've put on, since September, $800 million of discretionary assets, right? Through the resis.
René Jones: Yes, I guess I'd start off by agreeing with you and the fact that in this broad environment, and as kind of has been proven, right? That there's more opportunities that are out there.  And then within that opportunity set, you've got to think about what types of things does M&T typically do.  And what I keep saying is that, at least history has shown, and probably our preferred way to do things is with partnerships where people kind of stay in to the pre-existing organization. You saw that with Provident and Gary Geisel being on our board and on all stock kind of transactions. So when you kind of think about that, the idea that you might stock up and store capital because you're going to go out and buy something really doesn't fit that type of profile, right? Our thought process is that if we would happen to need capital at the time, and the opportunity was that attractive, then we'd go out and get it. But at the end of the day, if our shareholders weren't giving us capital for the transaction, I guess we'd probably better think twice before doing it, right? So I think you're right, the environment is there, there's a lot -- the population is large, but as we kind of move forward and try to look for people who are looking to sort of continue on with a stronger combined organization, we think that generally, the capital issues have, at least historically, tended to take care of themselves.
René Jones: I think for that to happen, I think we have to see it. We have to physically see the deal in front of us, right?  And one way to think about it is we're pretty plain vanilla. And so we're not out there speculating a lot. We do see what you're talking about in terms of the environment of potential opportunity. But having said that, I think our nature is to just deal with what's in front of us and that sort of served us well and so far, so we don't think it's different today.
René Jones: No. I mean I think, I'll say it again in a different way, but the idea that we would be able to bring on Wilmington and have our capital ratios not be materially different, right? I think, gives you the answer.  And the idea that we would do two or three of those at once doesn't really make too much sense because we've got to do it right, right? So we'll focus on Wilmington. We've got to get it closed, then we've actually got to get it converted.  And that's what our sort of big task is today. And then what we've seen over time is that we can do that relatively quickly, so it doesn't take us off the table for what might come next.
René Jones: No. We wouldn't look at that. We wouldn't do anything with that. We would just look at the core infrastructure of the institution when we're coming up for the costs.
René Jones: Think of it this way. You take the expense base, you don't consider that ORE expense, and then you get 15% of the combined of the institution from the rest of the categories.
René Jones: As soon as we get approval and close the deal, I think then we'd be free and clear. And I think there's some pent-up demand for that as well already, so we're cautiously optimistic about that. But we got to get the deal closed and we got to merge the holding company.
Unknown Analyst -: This is actually Adam James [ph] calling in for Matt O'Connor. I have a couple of questions regarding the Wilmington acquisition. One of them is just a clarification item. Wilmington actually had around $70 million of OREO expenses in 2010, which was about 10% of their non-interest expense. Regarding your 15% guidance figure, how much of that was actually factored in? Because I'd guess that a good chunk of that would just go away after the loans were marked at acquisition.
Unknown Analyst -: You gave a guidance figure of 15% of Wilmington's, I guess, non-interest expense for their full year percentages.
Unknown Analyst -: Okay, got it. The second one was just on the side of revenue synergies. It's something you've discussed before, but just curious as to if -- when the Wilmington wealth management services would actually be -- start being offered to M&T legacy customers.
