Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank you all for participating on M&T's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relation link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to SEC filings including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
Donald MacLeod: We got back to the proverbial couple of million. The waivers we've previously disclosed would be just less that.
Donald MacLeod: But just to expand on that a little bit, the guys are a little worried about our ability to fully recoup all the waivers given the fundamental changes that are happening in the money market industry. For example, the migration of settlement accounts from prime funds into government funds, and how will corporate customers take the redemption restrictions on prime funds and will they choose to go to other alternatives.
Donald MacLeod: A little bit of the pressure on the commercial side was servicing, but more of it was lower origination.
Donald MacLeod: I believe a lot of that book is in the under the year category as well. There's not a lot of longer-dated stuff there.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, any clarifications of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and goodbye.
René Jones: Not really, and I think, Brian, I try to give those total loan growth numbers which were driven mostly by, obviously commercial. And it was pretty strong across the board, maybe slightly more leaning towards commercial real estate in Western New York, but other than that, C&I growth was strong across the board. I think, the thing that impressed me most was, we get our results, and we look at them, but then in preparing for the call, we tend to look at the quality. So what is the quality of the loans book? What's the pricing? And we were able to get the growth without seeing any deterioration in the margins and the total returns that we were getting on that population of loans. And one of the other things that I think was interesting is that, in some of our markets, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Upstate New York, and to some extent in Washington, D.C. and New York City, we saw, the margins actually on – new deals come up maybe, 20 basis points to 25 basis points, which we, I guess, estimate that, that had to do with the widening spreads that we saw in the capital markets, and the slowdown in the CMBS market, it had some small effect. So I was very encouraged by what we saw, I thought the pace was pretty even, and I think our pipelines continue to remain fairly robust.
René Jones: Let's say this – we're going to stick with our outlook for January. We're really pleased with this quarter. It may get a little lumpy here and there, but I don't see anything that suggests that, things feel a little better than they did for the whole of last year when we started out.
René Jones: There wouldn't be any of the decline. Remember, almost all of the decline, Brian, is on the commercial side, so – and that's coming off a pretty strong first quarter. We had about a 10% increase in our quarter-end pipeline for residential mortgages, so we started off slow. We kind of made up for it, and as we went into April here, the volume still remains pretty decent. And then Hudson City, I don't have the exact numbers, but we did begin – we do have production, the first quarter of production that we would have seen in doing the normal agency stuff that we sell into the market.
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, it's a normal pace. So we were seeing probably, I mean, I'll just do this roughly, $25 million a month roll into the delinquency status. But had we not done the acquisition accounting, you would see a similar amount roll-out. So I'm sitting next to Mike Spychala, so he's always going to kick me when I say this, but as a rough proxy this quarter, if you go in the press release, and you look at page 11, you'll see there's a – we disclose purchased impaired loans. You'll see that those came down $80 million, right? So those would be the ones that are still in accrual status, and so you'll get a normal migration in, and a normal migration out. So I think what that means is, as a percentage – non-performing as a percentage of that book, it will continue to rise, I would expect at about the same pace that it is – that you saw this quarter.
René Jones: Yeah, because remember, you've got, what you also have in the numbers, you have stuff like, you can't see the one-time expenses that are in the salaries, all right? So if you take out the merger-related expenses, and you take out the amount, you're at $741 million. And when I say, $30 million to $35 million, I mean off of that number.
René Jones: I mean, I don't – I'll start by saying, I don't see anything unusual in those numbers. We know that commercial mortgage origination fee income tends to be lumpy. You saw that. We talked last quarter about the fact that the third and fourth quarters in commercial loan fees was very, very strong, so that bounced back down. I would expect that to come back at some point, and continue to be a little bit lumpy. You just can't predict exactly how it's going to work. So there was nothing there that really concerned me. I didn't change my outlook or view of what's going to happen for the year based on what I saw this quarter.
René Jones: No, let me explain that a little bit. To me there's maybe three factors there. The market which you mentioned was probably a third of that, so $1 million. And then we do have income from affiliate managers, and we also offer collective funds to other relationships that we have. And essentially, you remember that both of those are down, a little seasonal, a little bit about the balance is just being lower because of market participation. On the collective funds, you get almost an equal offset on the expenses, because, right, you're just passing that through, so that was probably a third. And then, I think the last piece is probably just a bit of seasonal stuff for tax reporting and those types of things, you see bounce back in the second quarter.
René Jones: Okay. Well, I think, what I've been doing is, I just simply look at the first quarter results relative to last year's first quarter. And then I superimpose that performance over on the full year. And I think – as I said, obviously we got benefit from Hudson City, but we've got a substantial benefit right now from the core M&T operations. And I think our job is to sort of maintain that, and again, we're just looking for, over a long period of time, some modest spread between the two. So I don't have a number on top of my head, but I think if you do that, you probably get somewhere around 54.5% or somewhere in 54% range, but you can do that.
René Jones: Well, I think the first thing I would say, Bob, is that, we're sort of set up, right, because we spent the whole quarter getting ourselves on the same platforms and system. And we spent also the whole quarter with our folks from legacy M&T in the retail bank sitting side-by-side with the new Hudson City employees. And so, that training has been ongoing. And I think, we will need more time, some part of this year, to make sure that those balances stick around, and that we have the opportunity to interact with those customers over time. One of the things that you're seeing is that, we're getting about – our pre-payment speeds on the mortgage book of 15%, so say $300 million a month. But we haven't really seen the similar run-off in the time deposit book, because we're maintaining those prices in an effort to reach out to contact those customers through the course of the year. When we talk about some diminishment of our margin, that's embedded in our margin at the top of the house. So while we're calling for a stable margin for the full year, I wouldn't be surprised to see a couple of basis point decline next quarter, and you'll see, that will be solely the effect of maintaining those, that sort of higher time account balances, and pricing, but that's totally in our control. So at some point, as we target the customers that we're very focused on getting, and that there's a very high probability that we can convert, the rest of the book will just revert that process to normal rational pricing that we want to do in New Jersey, and that should give us some benefit. But we're not in a rush. We've got the ability to introduce ourselves to those clients, so we're going to make sure we do that.
René Jones: I don't think I expect significant change during the course of the year. And if we were to keep our position where we're offering the current rates in New Jersey and the Metro market, my sense is that that any Fed rate hike of 25 basis points more than offsets it, and we'll manage those two. So somewhere between what Don said, and where we were this quarter, it's probably the right answer, but it's stable is the way to think about it.
René Jones: Yeah, directionally that's right. We should see that increase we saw now roll-off by the end of the year, but then we're going to add five per quarter for the assessment. So a fair way to look at it.
René Jones: Well, two things. Remember, what you're seeing in this quarter is the work from last year, and that has a lot to do with – we talked about a lot of professional services that were in place that came down over the course of the year. We've only begun to really ramp up our technology spend. So to give you some sense, our technology spend this quarter was about $20 million higher than it was a year ago in the first quarter. And my sense is that, that will continue to ramp up to the third and fourth quarters before it hits the run rate level. And that's why when we get the additional savings from the Hudson City, that should dampen that somewhat, and so you won't really see a big change, is my guess, overall.
René Jones: Well, I think – I'm going to answer your first question in a minute, but I think, yeah, you're right. The full impact is in the quarter unless we were to see another rate increase. And I'm just not – I don't have the amount off the top of my head.
René Jones: Somewhere around there should be the full effect of a quarter. It'd be about, I think, it's about $6 million, but I'm just doing that off the top of my head.
René Jones: Yeah. Then I think, our view on that is that, we'd be more conservative, so less income in the near-term, but over time maybe more later, but not this year.
René Jones: Yeah, thanks for that, I'm glad you started that way, because we've spent, I don't know a good 18 months at essentially getting rid of parts of the business that we didn't really think we had a strategic focus on. And so, you saw that year-over-year with the retirement business – a portion of retirement business that we got rid of. We've also gotten rid of a number of affiliated managers or those balances have run down. So I think, you're starting to get to sort of the core of what we would keep going forward. And underneath, things are going very, very well both in the Global Capital Markets portion of the Institutional Client Service business, and as well as in the Wealth side, and my sense is that, that still has an underlying growth of 4% or 5% in the revenue space, but more importantly it's a heavy-expense business. And so, what we've been focused on, and I believe we're starting to make really good traction on is sort of streamlining the back office, which comes in a couple of forms, right, it's sort of – now that we've got all of our controls in place, we're beginning to change our statementing process, we're beginning to change our on-boarding process, which has an impact of freeing up expenses, but it also improves the service quality. And so, I think we'll be at that for at least another year or so. And it should, from a bottom line perspective continue to grow. Bottom line, both of those businesses have grown every year since we brought them on board. So we're pretty pleased with where they're going.
René Jones: Yeah. No, I do think that – I'm absolutely positive that we can continue to grow revenues in this space. Remember, one of the things, I guess, I would share with you is, think about this, in many places, we're getting paid in balances, right? So be careful, just looking at that trust line, because in the Global Capital Markets business, we're making a choice, either as we sign up new business sometimes we're getting paid in fees, sometimes we're getting paid in balances. And so, it's hard for you to see that total picture. And I would look, Matt, at – don't look for an expense number, because we're investing in that business. And so, I would say widening margins is really what we're focused on. And so, you might not see an expense decline somewhere in there, but you should expect to see the whole business grow in the margins, and the bottom line widen.
René Jones: I think we're thinking maybe $10 million, maybe $14 million somewhere in there, more, most of which should be next quarter.
René Jones: Yeah, I mean, the large majority of what we produce there, I think you'll get a better up and running view maybe next quarter and the quarter after what that volume looks like, but all of that is, the majority is going to be sold, and where it's not, and what it's done for our balance sheet, it will be specifically either retaining certain target customers that are with us already and balances, maybe because they happen to own a business or have a profile that we would like to see if we could bank them. But I think that will be harder to see as a segment. I would tend to focus on that government-related type business we're putting into the securitization market.
René Jones: No write-downs, and if I use the word servicing, I might have misspoke. It's commercial mortgage origination income that was – in fact that was down.
René Jones: No. No, not yet. Not seeing anything in any emerging yet. We're all seeing a little bit more on the advertising front, and those types of things, but nothing that really has affected our book at this point in time, but it's early.
René Jones: Well, look, the folks are fantastic, as are ours. And so, I think the pure training will be done over the course of this summer, I think we'll be well on our way. The thing that takes a long time is converting a thrift platform into a commercial bank, and quite frankly, it may be a better description that you actually are creating a commercial bank while you are rightsizing a thrift; that's probably a better way to think about it. We've done it before, we did it in Syracuse, it just takes time. But on an incremental basis, I hear a lot of folks are writing about, well maybe M&T's balance sheet won't grow that fast, but the growth is never how we think about it. We think about transforming the quality of that book. And so, if we can make New Jersey look more like a full-service commercial bank with also retail capabilities, each year or so you will see a difference, and it will improve the overall profitability profile. So it just takes time.
René Jones: Similar to what you saw from the fourth to the first. And then if I broaden your questions over time, I would expect that to migrate back up as, again, similarly, as we end up with a book that looks more like a commercial book, and not a residential mortgages which tend to have a fairly low loss rate, I would guess, that the history of the Hudson City charge-off, annualized charge-offs are less than 25 basis points, 15 basis points to 25 basis points, right? So that's what's dampening that. And as that book runs down, you will see the allowance to loan ratio move up.
René Jones: Yeah, I think the short answer is, the random walk answer is, yes, all right. The longer answer as you think towards the end of the year is to think about what mix do we want to have of run-off in the mortgage book and the time book. And right now, they're mismatched, right. One is running-off, the assets are running-off at about $300 million a month, whereas the time is being held up, both of those might normalize a little bit so that they're moving in sync is the way to think about it. And that will help us with any pressure on the margin. And then we'll have to think about how long we deal with that, right because those two trades are very low-margin trades.
René Jones: So this is the way we're thinking about it. So prior to our acquisition, their annualized expenses were about $280 million a year. We think, if we look at the first quarter, and you were to annualize those expenses, it would be about $230 million. So there's $50 million of savings that have taken place. We think that, as we get to the end of the year, maybe that's $190 million, $200 million, all right; somewhere in that range. And then it stays there until we build the bank and grow the bank, all right. So it will take some time, but again, I don't know that you'll see those remaining things, because we expect an uptick to be offset by the things that we're trying to do on the technology side.
René Jones: Well, we haven't changed much. Our volume that we've been doing in that business has been running, oh, I think, we're doing something like $130 million a month of volume. In the low point of that business when we were kind of shying away because there were uncertainties maybe five years ago, it would be something like $80 million or $90 million and then in the high point we maybe, we're doing $200 million when that business was really robust. You keep in mind that we sort of stay in the prime space, all right. So for example, this quarter we averaged 729, our average score, which is pretty consistent, if you go back over four quarters or five quarter, it's all around 725 or so, is our average. So with that said, we are seeing growth or opportunity because of this record year, but pricing is really, really competitive, and so that's what's kept us in that $130 million a month, because that's what's sort of hitting our standards. Within that, most of that volume we're trying to direct towards the dealers that we also supply them, we finance their floor plan loan. So it's trying to run it more and more like a relationship business. The one thing that you're seeing, which we're in lockstep with, although in a better credit profile is that, delinquencies are moving, it's the one portfolio where you see an increase in delinquencies. And to give you some sense, these are rough numbers, but if we were at December of 2014, I think 30 days plus was 1.97%, and this quarter at the end of the quarter it was 2.32% or 2.36%, all right? So similar migration that we're seeing, and what I think is interesting about it is, you don't see it anywhere else in any other portfolio, which is the same nationally.
René Jones: We'll watch. We'll watch what happens with the industry. I think from the intelligence that I have, people that have taken that move have seen an immediate decrease in business.
René Jones: But having said that, a number of folks have told me that subsequently over time that's rebounded as the customer base gets used to it, and they get a slightly different makeup of the customer base, but a rebound. So, we'll watch that over time, but no decisions to change anything that we're doing right now.
René Jones: Well, okay, so two things. I'll answer that two ways. The reason it went smoothly is because Hudson City was relatively uncomplicated. We had a lot of time to think about it, right, and a lot of time to watch the portfolio, so our team is – I shouldn't say it but I'll say it, our team is really good. They've done a really good job over the years at these integrations. And so the lack of complexity was what made this go so smoothly, I think. Having said that, we did have a much more robust approach, sort of, beyond the due diligence to looking at the integration area by area and monitoring the potential areas for risk and closing them down. So for example, as we went into the conversion, specifically, focused on exactly 70 different places where risk could exist and where that risk would exist between the date we acquired it, the portfolio, and the date we integrated it. And then we were able to go through and close all of those down by the time we got to sitting here today. So, I think one of the shifts is that because of the way the process works now, the idea of anybody doing simultaneous merger conversions is long gone. We are sad about that from the standpoint that it limits your risk, so you need a much more robust process now, if you're going to own the institution and not convert it right away. And that was something that we added this time, which I think went very, very smoothly.
René Jones: It's early, but we have a lot of positive signals. As you know, we've been in the market for a long time. We live here. So our view is that we should see positive migration of customers. It'll just take a little bit of time to do that. And obviously, that transaction hasn't sort of been completed and there's no conversion going on now. But our sense is it's early but there's nothing in the indications that we see that don't suggest that we won't fare well in the disruption.
René Jones: Yeah, I don't know. We haven't been focused on it. We've been focused on our work. And I think from a BSA/AML perspective, we're really, really pleased, as I said last quarter, with everything that we've done. We think we've got a great process and we also think that we've got a much more broader and a more robust process overall beyond BSA/AML. So we'll keep doing what we do and there's nothing in front of us. We're focused on Hudson City now and that'll just happen when it happens. But nothing to point to. Nothing good or bad. No news really there.
René Jones: Let me just ask a question first, when you say front office investment, do you mean people, or do you mean...
René Jones: Yeah, and that has been happening, and it's all embedded into what we've got in our operating plans for this year. So that's incorporated in the numbers I'm talking about. It's another place where the – it's some – the Hudson City expense savings I'm talking about are net. And so we have made a lot of progress. We've had quite a few pick-up in hiring business and middle-market lenders. We've hired a few business bankers, and we have more to go through the course of the year. I think one of the things that we're thinking about in terms of – we know that we're bringing on increased head count in those areas of discipline. And while we're recruiting from the outside, we're also very focused on the idea that if there's an M&T person that wants to be in New Jersey, that benefits us very well because they're bringing all of our experience there. So we're also looking at a – in addition to adding people, we're looking at migrating people there.
René Jones: And I think we'll be in good stead by the end of the year to look – the staffing complement will be finished by the end of the year.
René Jones: I don't have that in front of me, but I think the difference between – look, logically the difference between our two numbers is maybe FDIC expense or something, but I was about $280 million is what we had all-in where they were running. No, I mean, I'm trying to think is there a specific area where it's greater? No. No, I think we were just able to realize a little bit more expense saves than we thought. So we're above the $53 million. I'm trying to think it's not in any one category.
René Jones: I don't want to quote the exact rate, but we're very competitive. We're up at the – up there, over 1%, I think, on some of those. And those are both in renewal and in looking at places where someone might bring on a checking account.
René Jones: I don't think in terms of yields. I always think in terms – I see the yield increase you're talking about, but I think mostly in terms of spreads. And one of the things that you'll get is sometimes there's some lumpiness in the prepayment penalties would also go into that space. But while I think pricing was solid this quarter, it's not significant enough on new loans to be moving that yield.
René Jones: Yeah. I think I talked a little bit about this maybe in January but we've been on an evolution. That evolution is, this will be our third CCAR and we were at a CapPR before that. In the last two CCARs, we were at about 9.10% in our Tier 1 common ratio and then maybe 9.70% and we fared pretty well. But at that time, we weren't thinking about distributing any capital because we were in a space where we still had a transaction to do. And so just out of that normal principle, we wouldn't be doing that because there's some risk when you enter a transaction, if maybe a recession happens, when you're doing it, or there are some operational issues. So because that took so long, it allowed us to build up that capital over time. Also, think about the idea that when we first announced the deal, we had about $28 billion in mortgages and that's now down to $17 billion, right? So we have all the capital that we expected to have but the book has run down over that period of time, also as we expected. So, over time, we thought it, no, we've got to distribute that capital back to the shareholders or to put it to a decent use and that's sort of our task and what we're trying to do. We've today been lower than everybody in the total payout ratios, probably half of what the industry has been. And I think I've said our intention would be to normalize that. And over long periods of time, because we run a model that's not based on growth but it's based on profitability, I think we will always be having a lot of excess capital relative to the average in the industry. And we'll try to do the right thing. We've got a good history so far. But I think one of the things that you won't see us doing is necessarily buying a bank just because we have excess capital. We think that might be the fastest way to destroy value depending on what the pricing is. We'll be cautious and try to get it back to you.
René Jones: We're going through it. It's nice to have a little bit more time. We think on some level over a longer period of time it fits us very well because of who Wilmington Trust is. But at this point in time, I actually do not see any profitability impact. It's just how we migrate to the right space. And for us, I don't know that we're all that far from where we need to be in principle today. So my sense is we'll work our way through it, but I don't see any negatives and, quite frankly. Longer term, maybe there's a positive for us.
René Jones: I guess the way I see it is we've got a pretty granular discipline process. So if I provide more color, I would say the feedback I'm getting from the commercial bankers is that on larger or more complex transaction is where you were able to see slight move in pricing. I think that does tell you a lot, because I think the capital markets along with life companies have been providing the extra competition that have pushed pricing down. And so when you see a hiccup in that space, like you saw on the CMBS markets and like you saw with the wider spread, it's interesting to me that you can feel it pretty quickly. I don't think that's necessarily a positive thing. I think it tells you how sensitive the market can be to the mood swings of those capital markets. Having said that, at the same time, I think, what's interesting, Geoffrey, is that competition didn't change an ounce with the smaller institutions. They are working on their balance sheets, they are not necessarily looking at the capital markets and competition on that front remains pretty intense when it came to smaller institutions.
René Jones: Yeah. No, you've got it. You got it exactly. We would expect that – we don't expect to see much if anything in the second half of the year, so that should normalize again, with the exception that maybe from a year ago we might have slightly higher amortization on the [indiscernible].
René Jones: I think that, in that scenario you painted, that's exactly right and I think all of that compression would be coming from the time account book at Hudson City and depending on what we do. So if we changed course, because we thought it wasn't beneficial to us, we weren't capturing customers from that profile, we could just change it and then I think it would go back to flat.
René Jones: It sounds funny, but we just simply followed our process. We had asked for a certain amount of distributions in the plan. We think it makes sense to follow that process. And then we sort of, as we started looking at post the deal, we realized that, well, we haven't distributed all the dividends. And so, one, on its face, we should probably go back and add, and then it just so happened that that also fits within the context of the 1% rule as well. I think our number would've been something like – total number would've been $92 million, $93 million, $94 million, but I don't know. It just seemed like we were focused on distributing the same capital that we asked to distribute and we kept it at that. Obviously, the 1% rule if you needed it down the road would be bigger now because our capital base in the test is bigger. But having said that, from our view, we should just be focused on trying to do – figure out what the right thing to do is based on the test, project that and stick to it is how I would think about it.
