Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Lynn, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those made on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
Donald J. MacLeod: Making that offer is, even on a normal basis, there's a certain amount of nonconforming that we originate and contain, prime jumbos, bi-weeklies and that sort of thing. And that's, typically, a couple hundred million a quarter.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification on any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5462.
René F. Jones: No. So let me kind of give you those numbers again, and I'll give you some clarity there. So we did -- we locked $856 million in the second quarter, and it was $1.8 billion in the third quarter. Of that, there was about $500 million of that increase came from our decision right around the beginning of September to lock those for sale instead of our portfolio. So you'd still have a pretty big gain, but there's about $500 million worth of mortgages that we've kind of flipped and are planning to sell. So that gave you a bit of a boost. So when you look at the $37 million increase on a linked-quarter basis, I would guess that, my rough estimate is that $15 million sort of came from that -- $15 million of the $37 million came from that decision. And we still had -- I think we still locked maybe $350 million in the quarter for our portfolio, which, next quarter, we would not do.
René F. Jones: No. Actually, you don't -- it's -- you can expect continued fluctuation because of the nature of the business, which really came to us with Wilmington Trust. And the swings can be fairly large, but the earnings rate on those amounts are pretty low. So if I were -- my personal model, I tend to take a look at those and put a very, very, very low earnings rate on them because they move the printed margin but they really don't do much to the net interest income. So if you missed that, it can be a little confusing sometimes. But that'll continue to fluctuate. It's very hard to predict because as we get business related to our trustee work around securitizations and those types of things, oftentimes, we get paid in balances as opposed to fees. And that trend is relatively high, I guess, based on -- relative to past experience, so...
René F. Jones: Well, we have what we call our mortgage pipeline, which is all the applications that we receive during the quarter minus anything that's been withdrawn or anything that's actually already closed, and that's still on an uptick. So in the first quarter, it was $1.4 billion; in the second quarter, it was $1.8 billion; and at the end of the third quarter, it was $1.3 billion -- sorry, $2.3 billion. So it still has a bit of an upward trend associated with it.
René F. Jones: I think when you normalize for the amount, like it took a while for the HARP programs to kind of catch up and normalize at their levels so you saw margins rising, but I think that's probably right that until that program dissipates over time, I think you'll see the margins just kind of remain where they were, I would guess. So I don't think the fourth quarter's really all that hard to predict. I think the bigger question is, how long does this last? And then we're kind of thinking about it as, at the end of the day, it allows us to build our capital. But we're not thinking that this trend can continue forever.
René F. Jones: Yes. Think about it this way, we just -- last quarter, I guess, just completed our integration. So some of the remaining impacts of that, you're yet to sort of see. So I think near term, I wouldn't be surprised to see expenses controlled, maybe even slightly down. But then longer term, even though there will still be some benefit that lingers into the next year, as we begin to think about 2013, one of the things that we're thinking about is sort of our investments, our investments in technology. Obviously, our investments in the network associated with the pending deal with Hudson. So my sense is, is that I feel pretty good about '13, meaning that some of that lingering benefit will help us to pay for investment. It means our expenses will likely be relatively controlled in 2013, but not necessarily down, right? So we're beginning to think about it. I'll talk more about it in January, but that's sort of kind of my thinking today.
René F. Jones: Yes. In short, as of now it's really early, but there's no change in what we're thinking about. And as we begin to kind of go through our normal M&T stuff, I think as you look out, some of the questions are difficult to answer about the size of the balance sheet. But I think the thing to think about is we tend to focus less on balances and more on profitability. So for example, we get questions about will you continue the jumbo program, and the answer is yes. Would we do it differently? I don't know. I mean it really depends on the profitability. We're going to focus on using equity in the best way. So I think it's hard to kind of comment on size, but I think we're probably same places we were when we did the announcement just a month or so ago. In terms of preparation on the people side, I think everybody's had their introductions to date. We've already begun our process of looking at the M&T folks who might want to spend some time in New Jersey and we've been out there recruiting. So it's nice to have a little lead time in anticipation of the sort of big distance between now and our anticipated second quarter close. So everything is going well, it's just not a lot of new stuff to really talk about. And of course, as time passes, that'll change, obviously.
René F. Jones: Yes. I would say -- I mean, let's do it this way. Let's -- let me just give you an advertisement first. So I'm really kind of pleased, a bit relieved in the sense that a year has gone by and we were able to get through what arguably is a pretty complex integration, merging mutual funds, getting people introduced to each other, and then getting the 2 sales forces to work together. And when you look year-over-year, we had 2% growth in trust fees. So we got the institutions combined by the third quarter of last year, we've now had 2% growth. What we've seen on the wealth side of the equation is that the couple years leading up to, and then last year, we had probably about as much new -- about as much runoff in business as we had new business. In the first 9 months of this year, that's crossed over, and we've had more new business and -- than we've had runoff. And quite frankly, the runoff has slowed from what Wilmington experienced the last couple of years. The stories are very good, meaning that we have a number of cases where we had pre-existing M&T clients that were more interested in doing business with us, both on the wealth side, or that felt that they were more inclined to do business with us simply because we had that wealth capability. But there's work to do. It's a little clunky internally and we've got our reporting and our process to get going, and I think that's probably understandable given that whether you're directly involved in the integration or not, some way, shape or form, whether you're explaining the integration to your customers or being directly involved, everybody's a little bit distracted over the course of the year to try to make all that work. So I think we're off to a good start. The growth -- my anecdotal estimate is that more of the growth that we got came from the CCS business, which has been, as I've mentioned several times, relatively diverse. And so that has been still robust and strong, and I'd say more of the growth, the 2% growth, is probably coming from that side of the shop. But that's what we know, more to come.
René F. Jones: Sure, sure, Ken. So a couple things. I think if I go to our core non-agency portfolio, that's about $500 million now, it's down to about $500 million, we saw early stage delinquencies on that portfolio come down in August. And so that tends to bode well for what we might see in our securities book, in our private-label mortgage-backed securities book, we'll have to see. Despite the stabling of housing prices over the last quarter or so, we've always kind of maintained a down assumption and are kind of as we look out today, we're thinking that maybe over the next year, there's a slight upward trajectory in housing prices. And that's part of the reason why you've seen the change in the size of that OTTI. So I think it depends heavily on housing prices, and it depends if we were to get a lag effect, which was a positive effect on consumers and consumer delinquencies, then that would bode pretty well for that securities book. If it were to go the other way, it would change, but slightly more positive there. And then no big change in Bayview other than the same underlying -- any underlying credit costs seem to be very stabilized. And on the asset management front, they seem to have more opportunities than not because they've been producing very strong returns. Obviously, absolute returns, but also relative to what you can get out there in the market today with low rates. So things seem to be good on those fronts.
René F. Jones: Yes, it's a good question. Well, I think the best way for me to do this is we've been talking about the growth for a number of quarters and the opportunities, and I think a lot of my comments have been much more about the opportunities and what we're seeing as we see customers join M&T. And now, what you've seen is you've actually seen those customers roll on and begin to get funded and so forth. So you kind of -- you're seeing the result of the work we've done over the course of the year now. I don't know. I mean I think, obviously, again, it can't last forever, but the trend is sort of at a high point today. We're still hearing very positive things particularly in our business banking area, also, you noted on the consumer side. So maybe a couple more quarters, I would hope.
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean I don't think I can do that in terms of numbers, but I can tell you we were nervous because we never had done an acquisition or a merger where that type of business was engaged. And I'd say out of the gate, we were relatively pleased with the lack of any significant defection, big-name defection. But where we began to get an understanding was that as we looked back with the help of the Wilmington and their -- the Wilmington folks as to what happened when they went through their very difficult time on the commercial real estate side, their defections had jumped up, say 2 years ago, 2, 3 years ago, and then again, they were up again going into 2011. And the only thing that was different about 2011, particularly the second half, is that the M&T customers began to get engaged. So I don't think there was much of a -- we didn't see any increase in trends of runoff from when we joined versus before. But I would guess anecdotally, we would've anticipated that there would be some. My sense is I'd have been happy if we were only down a bit in trust income year-over-year, right? If you think about in terms of trying to protect that revenue base and that customer base, yes, we were up. So that's the best I can do for you.
René F. Jones: No big thing. In some cases, yesterday, I got an e-mail about something in Upstate New York where that was exactly the case, somewhat aggressive pricing and looking to extend maturities. But that is sort of the first I had heard about it from others. I know down in Maryland where our loan growth has been a little bit slower, particularly on the commercial real estate side, the life companies have sort of come back into play, along with the conduits actually slowly coming back into play as an alternative. And that puts a little bit of pressure on pricing and therefore, for us, volume. And then Pennsylvania, anecdotally, it's just that slow, steady improvement in the economy. And from time to time, you hear a lot about the smaller institutions being aggressive. This quarter, I really didn't give a lot of commentary about that. So when I look at our book, I have got a -- we've got a very robust thing here that we can see all of the amounts that we originated and what the margins are. Our margins have been up slightly each quarter, very slightly, and returns have held out pretty well. So overall, while I would expect the competition to be very aggressive, it hasn't been too bad relative to what we've seen in the past.
René F. Jones: No. So remember, so for us, we've treated the acquired loans, non-impaired and purchase impaired the same way. So today, I think you saw in our MD&A, we put a table in there which showed that the difference between -- on the acquired portfolio, the difference between what the customers' code M&T and what the carrying balance was is about $506 million. Versus the old days, it's funny accounting because the $506 million is basically not on your balance sheet, right? So when we look at this quarter, there's been no real change, I mean minimal, if any. I think last quarter, we had $90 million of benefit to total market from acquired loans, and that didn't change much at all. But as we kind of go forward, the way the accounting works now is that in essence, improvement in credit, to some extent, could come in and support your margin in the future if rates were to remain low, prices for -- or particularly with Wilmington, prices for land and commercial real estate, the construction projects were to sort of revive itself, you wouldn't see that come back and through the credit; you'd see it come through the margin. So what we do is we just look every quarter, we look at the entire book. We run -- look at the cash flow estimates that we have over the life of those loans. We run some screens to see if things are improving or getting worse or what it is. And then from time to time, meaning quarterly, if we were to think things are getting better with those cash flows or being able to collect some of that $506 million, which I think is about $470-million-something this quarter, you'd see that benefit into the margin. But there's no way to really kind of predict it, right? Because as of today, we think what we're basically saying is that we don't think the $477 million or $470 million is collectible. That's how it works.
René F. Jones: We don't change it from when we originally do the mark, but obviously, time is going by, right? So on that Provident transaction, it was in '09. So those portfolios are getting smaller. But we've not made any change in life estimates on the book.
René F. Jones: I love that question. I don't have a clue to the answer, especially when it comes to Hudson City. But let me start by -- look, our allowance ratio is coming down. I think that's a sign that our charge-offs have been improving at 1.44%. For the first time in a long time, our allowance ratio is actually the same, 1.44%, as our non-performing ratio, right? So it's 1:1. I think that my personal view is that more so than any big change in the inherent loss at our portfolio is the effect that delinquencies overall in the United States on real estate and delinquencies specifically on residential mortgages are really, really high. Still, if you go back -- we did a chart the other day that went back to the first quarter of 1985, they were very high. Why you're seeing improvement is because of the underlying rate environment, which is really being stimulated by the Fed and the policies. So we believe there really hasn't been a big change in the inherent risk in the portfolios, but there's been this sort of environmental factor with rates that's actually helped us be able to sort of move some of our non-performing loans and for some of the performance on real estate to actually improve a bit. So we still see -- we remain cautious as we kind of look at the underlying portfolio, but obviously, things are pretty stable. When it comes to Hudson City, the accounting rules are still relatively new, so we're going through to make sure we understand exactly how we'll treat those loans. These loans, loans at a discount versus a premium, may be different. So we're working through that, and it's hard for me to tell you right now what we'll do, but obviously, we'll try to be as clear as we possibly can regarding what we do there. But it's a little early for us to kind of give you clarity on that.
René F. Jones: This -- there was a mix of 15, 20 and 30. I don't know if I have the history of what we put on. We were, starting last quarter, we started moving. And so what you saw come on this quarter, we started moving much closer to the 15-year space, and we were going to -- our anticipation was to keep moving more and more in that direction. But then of course, we stopped on September 1 simply because we were about to inherit a lot more mortgages from Hudson City. Don, do you know the fixed, the variable split of what we put on, for example, this quarter? I don't -- Gerard, I'll have to get back to you on that. But I think it's mostly fixed because at the end of the day, we were trying to close down our -- some of our -- or slow down our asset sensitivity. So we didn't have a big demand for variable rate mortgages.
René F. Jones: It's industry-standard. I mean, well, it hasn't changed over time. They get a percentage on based on what they originate, and they do much better in environments like this than they do when things are -- when rates are going up. But I think what you're seeing is, I'll be just very frank, I mean our expense savings underlying for the core bank and for Wilmington and the combined bank has been very, very strong. So you did see we do have higher mortgage banking expenses in that number. Those costs are mostly variable. One thing that offsets it in the salary line is that your capital -- you're using SAS 91 to capitalize your salary costs, right? So the more that you originate, the more of your salaries that you defer over towards the life of the loan. So that's another thing that sort of dampens the effect there. But cash expenses are higher.
René F. Jones: I mean, I guess I'll answer it this way, we could get a lot more volume at acceptable returns if we took a lot more risk. But is that -- I don't know if there's been a change in the industry. I would guess not. I would guess that most people are -- most of our competitors or people offering this service in the banking industry are focused on the same group of very highly creditworthy customers. That doesn't bode well for everybody in the U.S. to sort of share in the benefit of low rates. But having said that, that's what probably puts most of the pressure on us, is that we're kind of -- we remain in a relatively high quality space there. But I don't think there's been any real structural change other than rate.
René F. Jones: I think that's just generally true, more or less, Gerard, it's kind of funny. Our guys have been around here a long time. And so it tends to be stories about how, well, these guys are back in again, and so-and-so left again, right? I mean because one of the strengths of M&T in this business is that whether things are good or things are bad, we've never left, right? So we maintain our focus. And I think at times when people have started to get out of the business, that's when we've been able to take share and we've done very well in the business. Right now, it's just the sort of the opposite side of the cycle. Gerard, just back to your other question, if we did $800 million of locks, $700 million were fixed.
René F. Jones: My guess would be, I doubt it. I mean, we're-- I'm not a board member, but we tend to focus heavily on economics. And unless someone could show us some value that's created for each of our shareholders in the form of cash, I doubt that we'd focus on those types of things. We have so much on our plate to do that I think those issues probably will go way to the back burner. But I thank you for that question because it's a long -- the first time we've gotten that question in a very, very long time.
René F. Jones: A couple of things. Let's just start with where we are today. So I don't know that anything has really changed in our appetite for discretionary assets. So if I look internally through the first 9 months at our plans, we are about $1.7 billion over in residential mortgages than what we thought when we built our plan. We're $1.7 billion under in securities, right? So we kind of look at those fungibles. So I would always look at the existing book right now as the difference between the -- I'd add resis and securities. And you'd see that some of that change is just muted because of substitution. Then as we go forward, we did say we'd open up with the balance sheet, I think, at $27 billion of resi mortgages. And that, over the course, maybe 18 months later, that would be somewhere tapered down into the low 20s. I think our -- remember, at the time you're getting familiar with an institution, what you're trying to do there is manage mostly risk, right? And then you've got to kind of get in and get comfortable with it. There's a portion of that business that I would guess also will serve to be -- to flip over to originate and sell like we do today. But there's also a couple of new -- or a couple of products that are probably -- that are new to M&T but that are very, very appropriate for that footprint around the jumbo mortgages, right? And our intention is to continue those businesses and to spend our time trying to understand the profitability, and the profitability of those will dictate the size. So I don't take away my comments that we'll-- 18 months after the acquisition, we'll have some $20 billion and more in resi mortgages. I don't know that I would treat all those as discretionary assets. We'll have to kind of think about how that mix breaks out, right? But that's how we think about it. And if it changes, we'll tell you, but we're learning.
René F. Jones: It's been rising and it kind of moved up pretty quickly, past 15%. I don't remember exactly what the number was, but it was -- it moved past 15% this quarter, I believe. So maybe in the high teens.
René F. Jones: My guess is it was better than I expected, less than the Wilmington Trust team expected. I mean they were pretty optimistic, they're still very optimistic, and doing deals, you know that things don't always go really smoothly. Things have just gone better than average, so it's better than I expected.
René F. Jones: No real outlook on the CFPB. But on the allowance front, look, I think we've all learned a lot from the last crisis. I think on hindsight, many reserves were just too low. And I think that the trend is that there's more emphasis on the banks to be very, very focused on identifying the underlying inherent risk in their portfolio. I think the stress testing actually probably adds to that, right? People are expecting us to really understand and think about the risk, where it could be lying within our portfolio. The one big trend though is just more and more documentation for whatever your position is. We're seeing that from every front, whether it be the audit industry or various regulators that come to see us. So that's what we're doing, and we're trying to make sure that we explain what we see and be very, very clear on it. I know there has been a lot of chatter, but I -- at the end of the day, you got to stick to your process and make sure you've explained it well.
