Don MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release, we issued this morning may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. Actual results could differ from what is described in those forward-looking statements. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q including the Form 8-K filed today in connection with our earnings release for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Don MacLeod: Just a point of clarification, the weighted average maturity is not from the reporting date. But from the start date of the forward starting swap to the end of the -
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, with any clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our investor relations department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and goodbye.
Darren King: Yes, sure. John, I guess if you break down some of the components. The big driver obviously is the macroeconomic variables that you run through the model, and while they were modestly better the [ph] quarters really haven't changed much from what we were looking at in the third quarter. And so those really drive the magnitude of the allowance at its core, and so there is really no change there. And then when you look underneath, you see some growth in certain segments of the portfolio. So growth in the consumer book and some growth in CRE much of the addition was for that and then the other just reflects the uncertainty, I guess is the way to put it are some conservatism in the forbearance portfolio and what that ultimately might look like.
Darren King: Yes, so I guess looking at the commercial real estate portfolio, the ones that we are most focused on right now, the segments we're most focused on - or the hotel segment and the retail segment. And those are ones where there has been significant amount of forbearance in those portfolios. And for the most part for those portfolios received 180-day forbearance, and so they will start to show themselves over the next 90 days. And the hotel business continues to be challenged, particularly in some of the larger cities where you have a hotel that maybe relies on conferences or food and beverage as part of their business. Those ones are probably the most challenged. When you get into other segments of the hotel portfolio where you're able to get there by car and able to drive up, we've seen some return of revenue not all the way back obviously toward things were, but able to cash flow. And so, we're watching those portfolios as we go through this quarter, but we are pleased by the reaction we've seen from the customer so far and their ability to manage their expenses down to try and keep their cash flow at least as close to breakeven as possible. We continue to feel very positive about the loan to values in the portfolio. And then in particular and New York City, which I know it gets a lot of attention I think the average loan to value is less than 50% and when I look at New York City we have about $42 million of loans outstanding, which are two loans that are between 60% and 70% LTV, and five loans and $152 million between 50% and 60%. And then the vast majority is less than 50% LTVs and so when you look at those properties in the values, there is a lot invested by the client already in those properties and they have a real strong incentive to figure out how to maintain it. On the retail side, it's a similar space. I think retail has been a bit of a challenged industry much before COVID hit and then watching things go online, we were seeing challenges on pricing and rents and COVID just accelerated that, but again, when we look at our portfolio and the distribution of the LTVs again SKUs very low and in particular in New York City SKUs also below 50% and when we look at some of our larger relationships there are some LTVs where multi-generational family - ownership of properties in their cost bases in some cases is down in the 25% of current values and the tax basis that they have is very low. So, they also have a very vested interest in protecting those properties. And so it's a long-winded way of saying there is certainly stress out there, but the clients have been active in adjusting their operations to the environment. And then, many of them have outside resources and liquidity to help carry the properties while things try and come back to normal. So we'll know a little bit more than 90 days. But we're very pleased by the actions that our clients have taken so far to protect their investments.
Darren King: Yes. So that, in round numbers. The yield on those Ginnie's is about 4%. Each one will be slightly different, but it's right around there plus or minus 5 basis points, and it's something that we will continue to do, just because it makes economic sense to take some of these loans that are being serviced and buy them out sort of we only have to have the carry cost and we don't have to advance the principal and interest to the investors. But I think what you saw in this quarter was a larger than what would be normal uptick in those balances because there were some residual hangover from the second quarter where there hadn't been active buyouts happening. And so the run rate is probably more and like that $250 million to $300 million a month range give or take. And there was just a larger uptick this quarter because that hadn't happened very much in the second quarter.
Darren King: Yes it continues through the quarter. There'll be a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter, but not as big as what we saw this quarter.
Darren King: Sure. So, I think we talked last quarter about the hedging adding about 26 basis points to the net interest margin for the quarter was up slightly in the third quarter to about 30. And what you'll see going forward is as we mentioned earlier, as the notional goes up, but the coupon the received fixed comes down the impacts about the same we think in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year and then over time as the start the swaps that become active have a lower coupon the benefit will start to trickle down as we go through 2021. And probably a good assumption to be like after you get through the second quarter 3 basis points a quarter decrease in the benefit of the hedge based on our forecast of what the balance sheet looks like.
Darren King: Yes Matt. It's good question. When I guess some of the things that I think are sustainable, that you really see illuminated in the fourth or the third quarter results - and if you look at the salaries and benefits and you compare them to where they were in the third quarter of last year, you can see they're basically flat, they're up, I think about $2 million. But if you look at the other cost of operations, which is where the professional services shows up, you can see the drop there and some of the drop obviously is because there was an impairment that we took in the third quarter of last year that didn't repeat itself this year, but outside of that you see. We've seen a decrease in the professional services line, and we've been talking for a number of quarters about the past, we've been on to build technology skills and in source those which would impact the salary benefit line and it took a while for the professional services to come out and so you've seen that remixing. We've got a little bit more to do and so I think there is some evidence that that is working and we can continue to do that which I would say is more structural. A couple of the other big items obviously travel and entertainment and advertising and promotion. I think what we're seeing in the advertising and promotion line item is that obviously you need to be competitive in the markets that you're advertising in, but also we're learning that there different ways that you can reach customers and prospects that might be more cost effective than traditional means and so we'll be continuing to look at that as we go forward and being smarter about that and also thinking a lot harder about how much travel we need both internally for sure and then oftentimes with clients. I don't think you can get away from face to face interactions in banking but maybe we don't need quite as much as we've had in the past. So we're looking at how we're doing our business and I think the last thing you see is through the PPP process. We were able to handle such a massive amount of loan volume in a short period of time. I mean we literally did about three years' worth of SBA loans in a week and we did that through changing the process and using more digitization and so we think that there is opportunity to take that thought process beyond just business loans into other lending and deposit opening and other operations to drive expenses down. And so I guess, long story short, I think there has been some things that we're guess, so to speak from the pandemic, but it's also really got us to rethink and continue on the path of rethinking how we do the work and that offers continuous improvement. I don't know that there is a step change down, but we continue to chisel away, and I think that would allow us to slow expense growth and to get close to positive operating leverage. I mean to me to be in this environment where we've had challenges in revenue and the efficiency ratio, this quarter was the same as last year, I think just speaks to the ability of the of the team to be disciplined on expenses, which is kind of classic M&T.
Darren King: I think that's a safe assumption, [ph] legacy we'll be back with more detail in January, but that's certainly a safe assumption.
Darren King: Yes. So, I think we talked before about maybe $10 million a quarter impact from those fee waivers. And I think this quarter we saw about 7 and it was offset by an uptick in some of the loan agency fees that we get because you've been watching the debt markets, I think they had a record for issuance at the end of September. And I still have three months ago and so that activity our participation in that market you saw reflected in some of the agency fees in that trust income line. And so it masked the impact of those fee waivers on the money fund accounts. Also, we had and if continue to have strong equity markets and that's impacting AUM positively, maybe a little bit better than we might have thought going into the quarter. And so that also was a positive that was an offset. And so it will be the money fund waivers that we had talked about are basically in there, there might be a little bit more to go. And then the question will be what happens with some of those other parts of the trust business and how robust those markets are as we go through the fourth quarter.
Darren King: Yes. So, I guess most of the action for the last couple of quarters has really been in the consumer space and it's just with rates where they are, - there's a lot of refi activity going on. And so that's really what's been driving the volume there. What I think has been seen for the last two quarters, both for us and for the industry is that there was so much volume it overwhelmed people's capacity to handle it. And so one of the ways the industry managers' capacity is through pricing. And so that's why the margins were so strong this quarter and last. And so, but what we expect to see in the fourth quarter is we expect to see similar levels of volume maybe seasonally slower just because of the fourth quarter, but we'll start to see the margins come down. We started to see that at the end of the last quarter that the gain on sale margin in September was down from what it was in July and August. And so we expect that trend to continue into the fourth quarter and that's why we think we'll see it a drop in - in the mortgage fee line item. In commercial things have been slow really since COVID hit. There's just not a lot of activity in the commercial real estate space it's third quarter I think for the last couple of years has been a blowout quarter for us in the commercial real estate sector. This year was the notable exception and we don't see that changing into the fourth quarter is just a slowdown in activity there.
Darren King: Yes, I guess. So when you think about the hedging that we did. And the way we constructed the portfolio. We were always adding a consistent level with the exception obviously this next 12 months of forward-starting swaps. And so the idea was to keep the outstanding notional amount fairly consistent through time and really what starts to happen is each month one swap falls off and a new one starts and it would be reflective of the rate environment at the time at which we entered into that agreement. And so we're in the spot now where we are entering these agreements and the curve was positively sloping and rates for higher. And over time you saw those received fixed coupon has come down. And so there is not really a cliff per se, but more a continual gradual decline as each month some swaps go inactive and forward starting one's become active. And that brings the average received fixed coupon that's in place in any month declining through 2021 and into 2022. And then as the duration of the swap portfolio will shorten because those rates really fell down at the end of 2019 and then at the start of 2020. There wasn't a benefit that we saw in continuing to add forward starting swaps to lock in rates 50 or 25 basis points that we continue to believe that zero is for all intents and purposes, the practical floor right now and the negative rates are not a huge consideration of the Fed. And so we've slowed down in the hedging and that you'll see that it gradually goes away through the next 24 months.
Darren King: Yes, so I guess a couple of things. Obviously, it's hard to predict exactly what will happen with each of these portfolios as we go, but I look at what we've seen so far. And so what I mentioned that the C&I portfolio was going to be down to about $800 million of long still in forbearance, the bulk of that is really folks who haven't reached the end of their current term. When I look at the dealers and the floor plan dealers that were in forbearance, I mean, basically 98% of them have gone back to paying when I look at the rest of the C&I portfolio, it's about 90% have gone back to paying and there has been some decrease in the commercial real estate portfolio levels of forbearance, and when I look at folks who have come up for to the end of their time period so far about 80% of them have gone back on to their normal repayment schedule. And so from what we've seen so far about 20% have gone back or has asked for some extension of their forbearance. When we get into the, to the next group that will come up. I think it's a tougher segment. And so I'm not sure and bold enough just to hit will be 20%, but the trends that we've seen are positive and we know that there are a number of clients that we've talked to that actually plan to resume payments because they have outside liquidity in the wherewithal to go back and maintaining their loans. As it relates to how they'll be handled. I mean, each loan and each client will be treated individually and considered individually and we'll look at - first of all, are they looking for some kind of change to their terms and if they are we getting anything back we might be able to get an interest reserve, might be able to get a little bit of equity, you might get a different rate. And so the combination of those things will help us go through our determination of whether we think it's it qualifies as a TDR or needs to go on non-accrual. But I think it's safe to say that there will be an uptick in those categories as we go into the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year.
Darren King: Yes. I guess one of the most important parts of this is understanding not just what's going on, but how the loan was underwritten to start. And so when you look at a lot of our real estate portfolio, I'll speak to multifamily. We take into account the current rents and we don't assume that there are rent increases when we underwrite, we take into account the current vacancy. But we underwrite to a higher level of vacancy than what exists and another really important element is just interest rate and that is the interest rates drop that creates a lot of capacity to support these properties. And so a lot of those factors will also help maintain collateral values and so we've seen vacancy ticked up one of the places obviously we watch a lot is in New York City and we've seen no rent collections in the 90% to 95% range. And so we feel pretty good about that with there hasn't really been much that's traded in terms of values to think about commercial real estate Price Index, which the crappy would be an important element in the CECL modeling. And so we haven't seen much there. So those factors rent changes we would look at and look at the vacancy rate in the realizable rent as we forecast cash flows for each of these individual borrowers and think through whether or not they're running at a deficit or not or they're able to adjust our expense base. And then what outside resources they have to maybe come in and maintain the properties and would be a similar viewpoint on the hotel portfolio obviously slightly different where you're looking at RevPAR and you're looking at the occupancy rates. And again, we've seen, it depends on the geography some - some uptick. New York has been a little bit more of a challenge, but we see that in office. Also so far rent collections are holding up and strong and people are going back into the, into the city at least you're hearing announcements, particularly from the tech sector of space being under contract. And so I guess a little bit of a long-winded answer to say that when we look at the trends in these portfolios, we're not seeing a severe degradation. It's gradual and what we've watch so far we've seen the clients doing a very good job of adjusting their business to be able to manage the cash flow and where they don't do that, they often have the outside liquidity to be able to maintain the property and I guess the question really is how much liquidity, do they have and how long can they sustain it in this environment.
Darren King: I guess if you look at the - I'll take the loan book, separate from the securities book. On the securities book, we basically run it for, not a lot of duration risk and certainly not a lot of credit risk and - we would describe it as a barbell where there has been of significant amount invested in one-year treasuries or less. And then another significant amount in mortgage-backed securities and with the mortgage-backed securities as they pay down, we haven't been buying additional securities at this point just given where rates are and those dollars are basically going into cash. And so that's part of the cash build. Interesting when you look at the loan portfolios, what we've seen in the last 90 days and probably started a little bit earlier, is that the margins on new business has been increasing. And so when we look at the returns that are being generated on new loans over the last 120 days, they're higher than what's in the book. And so between floor is going into loans where the floors are actually active the day the loan starts and some firming in the pricing, we're actually starting to see roll on margins higher then roll off margins in the loan book. And so, when you get it will take a little while for that to start to shift the whole portfolio. But as you get out into 2022 and beyond you start to see a greater proportion of that benefit in the loan yields and the loan margin. And so it's encouraging to see where things are heading, at least based on the last 90 days.
Darren King: Yes, sure, Brian, by and large when you look through the components in that category, we have seen strong snapback in merchant discount and credit cards. They're pretty much back to pre-COVID levels fully was pretty consistent as with some of the underwriting. Loan fees were up quarter over quarter but not back to pre-COVID level and obviously that's a function of what's going on with the activity in the market and then sometimes in that line item, there are some - there is some lumpiness of things that happen and we were, I guess on that line item, close to where we average, I've seen some quarters where it's $1 million higher than what we had before. And last quarter was particularly low. So, it might be a little bit high from where we might run rate in the fourth quarter, but there is still some, spots where softness some softness in insurance and some softness still on some of the fees were, not all, not quite, all the way back to pre-COVID levels on loan fees and merchant card.
Darren King: I think that the spot, we're at now is probably pretty reasonable for where we are in the fourth quarter and barring the only other thing that goes through there that create some lumpiness is if there has been litigation costs are MSR impairment or when we took the write-down on the asset manager that we, we sold that goes through that line item. So kind of holding that stuff aside, I think we're, give or take a few million bucks in the right zone of where that will be for the fourth quarter.
Darren King: So, I guess the first part of a - I leave the Dutch auction thing for a second, I really thought much about a Dutch auction, to be honest with you. I appreciate it was not [ph] a great question. On deployment of capital, obviously have to wait and see what comes from the Fed through the re-submission process that we're all going through right now. And if the Fed actually allows the SCB framework to be effective, but generally our thought process on capital deployment really isn't changing and that the first place we want to deploy capital is in the service of our customers and the communities that we do business and we've got the liquidity. So, as you can clearly see on the balance sheet and we see so that we're in a position to be able to lend and support growth in the communities and so hopefully we'll see some of that and as I mentioned before it really like the returns that I'm seeing on some of the business right now. After that will obviously help the group, we're maintaining our incumbent. So we can maintain the dividend and then we'll look at what other alternatives we have to deploy the capital is to me the most important thing is we'll try and return it if we've got excess and we're allowed to, but really the key of how we've always run the bank is to make sure that we don't take the capital that we believe to be excess and consider free. -- If we sit on the capital is inefficient and we certainly rather not do that but investing in low return businesses are lower return loans, then you're stuck in that position and that lowers your overall returns for the organization you're stuck with that for the length of that asset. And so we do that from time to time to win new prospects and customers, but we wouldn't want to make a practice out of deploying capital into low return businesses and so we'll see what the alternatives are. And, but we will continue to manage it the way we always have, which is to be thoughtful stewards of capital and make sure we're focused on returns.
Darren King: Well, my crystal ball is as good as yours, Gerard, but I guess I look at, at the level of liquidity that we have this time. I think people are smarter. At this time than they were last time I think the industry and not the banking industry per se but the customers we Bank have been a lot quicker to build liquidity, have been a lot quicker to adjust their business operations to the revenue environment. And that's why we've seen that build up the I think part of what you're seeing in the liquidity also is the lack of alternatives of places where they can invest their excess cash. All right and it doesn't make a lot of sense to have it in spot break right now. If you're a larger middle market client, it doesn't make sense to keep it in time and money market accounts. If you're a small business or consumer because there is no rate there and so we're seeing it all sit liquid and what I think starts to happen is, as things improve. You'll see some of the get deployed in hiring, in building inventory and you'll see some of that get deployed into higher returning asset classes from the customers perspective. To the extent that they've got excess and how long that takes, I think will be some combination of how quickly we see GDP recover and how quickly. We see interest rate movement up from here. I guess I just keep in mind that last time it took us until we probably got to 75 or 100 basis points on Fed funds before people started to really move and pay attention to moving dollars out of savings and tie our savings and interest checking and checking into higher yielding types of products. So, I think it's, we're thinking it's here for a while and the next 12 months, hopefully not much longer, but we'll see how the economy goes.
