Don MacLeod: Thank you, Christy. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the web cast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our web site, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
Don MacLeod: Ken, we had previously disclosed 15 to 20 a quarter, but I need to get that updated and we will have to get back to you.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
René Jones: So if you go back to what we announced in 2012, I will start by saying, we are still in line with that guidance. Just straight-forward what the accretion would be, we are still in-line with that guidance. Having said that, remember what's happening with the shrinking balance sheet over time; had we done the deal earlier, the accretion probably would have been a little bit larger. But all of that is now captured in the equity of the firm, right; so that's how the economics are sort of held intact, and don't change the deal.
René Jones: In our governance process, when we looked at those levels of buyback, we didn't assume anything about whether or not we would have to deal; we sort of just looked at what M&T on its own could handle, as sort of a first step of returning to buyback.
René Jones: No. There is no change to the tax rate. But what I'd urge you to do, is take a look at the quarterly trend, because all those are restated. So the number might be higher than what's in your models, but the tax rate is going to be consistent, with what you're seeing across the quarters there in the press release [ph] [0:02:56] (7).
René Jones: Yeah. That two, three basis points is, is without the HQLA, and if you think about what happened in the first quarter, we went out and did a $1.5 billion issuance of debt. And in fact, we did 5s and 10s, which is sort of the first time we did that, because we thought that the spread between treasuries and net debt were at historic lows, I think 47 basis points for the 10. So we took the opportunity to go out and grab some of that efficiency to length out the maturity structure of the debt. So there was a bit of an extra cost this quarter than you would normally see. My thinking is that, our thought is that we might be quite a bit lighter in the second quarter, and then finish up in the second half of the year. So second quarter, I don't expect a similar impact, and third quarter, will depend a little bit about on what we do with the term structure, instead of what's available at that time. So I think going forward for the remainder of the three quarters, I don't think there is a big material effect from finishing up what we have to do on the dollar amount of NII.
René Jones: Yeah. And I am thinking about it, I am looking at every quarter; and that's why I said, I feel good about the fact that we started off positively in the first quarter, and if we can continue to do that by utilizing some of the lower professional services, I think we feel pretty good about it.
René Jones: I think this year-over-year, we are looking at 2% in the past year, since we did the merger, we have been running at about five. And if you look at the two most important business that underlie that, that's the Institutional Client services and the Wealth businesses, those are still growing at about that pace. We still have investments in some of the affiliated managers, and as you know, with sort of the market performance on active managers that you're seeing across the industry, those balances and fees are down. But the two core businesses are still doing very-very well. So I would expect, if we could get 3% to 5% growth every year in that business, I think that's a real plus, because we are cross-selling that into the existing customer base, and then we have to do that -- we have to work on our efficiency and our ability to deliver that -- those services in a more streamlined fashion. If we can do that, that would be a homerun for the economics around those business.
René Jones: I mean I think, you saw from the comments Bob, that we had pretty decent growth in C&I and real estate, consumer was slower; and then geographically, we still continue to see very nice growth at 5% growth annualized in upstate Western New York. And then New York, Philadelphia, New Jersey, that was 8% annualized. Baltimore, which has been running negative for several quarters, was up 2%. So it's sort of across the board with strength in New York, I guess is what I would say. And why we are so concerned with it though, in terms of thinking that we'd be higher, because we really have seen a lot of competitive pressure. Mostly, we believe, because of the substantial market liquidity and the number of participants that are actually out there, lending or competing for the same strong credit. So we have got banks, we have got insurance companies, CMBS originations have peaked, and we also now have PE firms. And what we are seeing, is that we are starting to routinely see sub-200 over cost of funds over LIBOR deals. A number of them are now situated around 150 basis points, on the 150 basis point range. And we are also seeing -- loosening deal structures. So the way we think about that is, when you start seeing terms that get extended so that deal terms are that low in pricing and -- I am sorry, the pricing is low and the deal terms are seven to 10 years, the economics are in the mid-single digits on tangible capital. And so, the idea that you can ramp up growth and actually produce any economic results, it doesn't seem to make much sense in this competitive environment. So that would keep us somewhat subdued. I think, to the extent that you see somebody have significant loan growth, I think you'd have to question the structure and the pricing of the deals.
René Jones: I can give you that, I may shuffle around a little bit to do it. So $68 million in servicing would be outstanding, and then the residential gain on sale was around $21 million. I think you may figure out the rest from that, the rest would be commercial.
René Jones: Pipelines look pretty strong. I think, if I look at the mortgage funds line, which is sort of application that we received during the quarter, minus those that denied or withdrawn or for loans closed, that was up high. That was up 50%. So to give you some sense, the pipeline at the end of the quarter, was $869 million, where the last time it was about that high was second quarter 2014.
René Jones: I feel good about the first quarter, its in the bag. The momentum in the second is great, but mortgage is all about rates. So it really depends what happens with the rate environment.
René Jones: Yeah. Well the balance sheet, I think that's -- I wouldn't characterize that as sort of normal run-off in the held-to-maturity portfolio. And it wouldn't make much sense for us to be adding mortgages pending the Hudson City thing, where you'd be bringing on $20 billion plus of mortgages. So that's just sort of naturally -- natural run-off that you see there.
René Jones: We think that's right. I think for now, we are thinking about that as separate businesses, because those cash balances are high, but they tend not to be individual -- individual transactions aren't around for long periods of time, right? So I think the level that we'd see today is what we kind of expect, and I don't think we have any plans to really use a lot of that for the LCR.
René Jones: I don't think so. I mean, I am just -- I will do a bit of a scan. For a long period of time, the C&I growth was sort of strongest in Upstate New York and in New York City and Philadelphia. Fairly strong in PA, and weaker in Baltimore and Washington; that still holds true. I think its pretty consistent with what we have seen over time.
René Jones: No. You remember each of the markets are different. So there has been -- now you've got me out of the C&I category in a sense, but if I just think of the markets overall; in Buffalo, there is a lot of construction going on, and the number of hotels that have been put up and that could be transitioned into permanent financing, versus in Washington DC, one of the reasons why we think things are so slow, is because the economy there around the government services seems to be relatively weak, in terms of job growth. So we are seeing -- in Washington, we are seeing a slowdown in job growth, we are seeing tepid office space demand, especially in the general services, administration and defense contractors. So we have got a fair bit of a diversity, so it depends on which market you're in, so there maybe themes in markets, but there is no big theme overall.
René Jones: You should. I mean, I think -- first, let me start off by saying, I think we talked about this last time. We don't have very much exposure to the energy sector at all. So we don't -- we have some, but its secondary, as you think about shale and things like that. And people for example, trucking companies supplying water to those facilities. So its very limited. But having said that, one of the things you're seeing, whether it'd be unhealthy deals or on things coming out of the classified portfolio, there is plenty of people to take those deals out. And I will give you an example, I mean, one of the things, as I go through all the deals, I look -- one of them in New York state, where we lost a particular deal. It was a $30 million credit. It was a 10-year fixed rate pricing of 2.14%. We just did the $750 million of 10-year fixed, at 2.90%, which is not possible for us to make that loan. So you start wonder, where is that going? Is that going to the capital markets, right in our people stretching in those venues. So this is one of the things that makes us very increasingly cautious, as we kind of move forward. Most of our credits, for example, the majority of the lending is being done with the existing customers that are out there.
René Jones: I think that, as you focus on, particularly folks on the commercial space, I think we are very fortunate. So well yes, I think there is probably more that we could do in certain parts of the commercial segment around cash management and different types of cash management services. I also think, that will light in a number of other areas that we do. So relative to our peers, we are probably light on the insurance side. There is a number of areas. And then don't forget, that we have got a big part of what the wealth business in Wilmington is, its serving businesses. And that has actually provided tremendous -- I hate to use the word -- you used the word cross-sell. It has provided tremendous capabilities for us to supplement sort of a natural life-cycle of those business owners. And so that's going pretty well. So I feel kind of fortunate. We have got areas where we know we could improve and we have some that we actually are improving. And so I think that will be our focus. I will just say it, I know we are off with some folks expectations for the quarter in terms of revenue, but at the end of the day, I was pretty impressed that we had growth in revenue year-over-year at 2%, and we are not seeing much of that. And I think, I talked in my comments about efficiency, and one of the places where you have to look at efficiencies, is to look at efficiency of your balance sheet. And if we do that, and we continue to look for opportunities there, then that will have a positive impact on revenue, like the TROP [ph] redemptions we just did. So those types of things are going to be really important to us.
René Jones: We are somewhere around $14 billion. I think we have got to do a little more than what we did recently. In the last quarter we did $1.8 billion. So we have a little bit more than that to do, to get ourselves [indiscernible]. And remember, I think we are being relatively conservative there. So as someone mentioned, are we using the $5 billion in cash, that counts in liquidity coverage ratio, but we are not using it. So we are probably technically further along, and have some leeway from there, but we tend not to count those assets, as we manage them internally.
René Jones: More than $1.8 billion for the rest of the year. The pure [ph] median, we are at 16% of our securities or 16% of our balance sheet and the peers are at about 19%.
René Jones: We have been trying to get the deal done for a very long time, and should we get approval, we will work very swiftly.
René Jones: You know Marty, I think things are on track, maybe a little better than we would have expected, when we first laid out our plan. We have got over $1 billion -- we may have put these notes in our -- the best place to look, [ph] it involves letter, I think we did a paragraph on it. So one of the keys is, that we have over $1 billion of loans to-date, that we seem to be engaged in all fronts, except those where we really can't, because we -- also in retail, we don't have any engagement. So we feel pretty good. That seems to be on track as we thought [0:46:32]. And I think, for the level of activity that we have going on today, in those non-branch business lines, I'd say we probably are fully staffed from the level of activity that we have today, and to see more hires, we would have to see more growth in a bigger portfolio.
René Jones: I don't know if I have ever disclosed it, but quite frankly, I can't remember. You know the number we hired, right? I think we talked about, on the ground we have 129 people there, so you can do something there. But in totality, I think when you count people back here at M&T, it was more like 170 people that we hired, and so you can get some sense of what the cost of that would be on an annual basis, if you throw in a little bit of extra occupancy and so forth.
René Jones: I am glad you mentioned that. So a year ago, from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the first quarter of 2014, I think in total, we saw revenues decline about $36 million. This time, we saw them drop about $33 million. So pretty much, while it may be some different categories here and there, there is nothing that's atypical about the seasonality that we are seeing, and everybody's well familiar with what happens on the expense side. So again, that's why I spent a lot of time focusing on the year-over-year space, because for us to do all the things that we have been doing and actually produce 6% growth in net income, I felt pretty good about it. And if we can keep doing that, and we can keep producing operating leverage, I think that's pretty good. I think what we are going to have to begin to do, as we get into the next year, is start working on capital efficiency and those things, as our capital ratios have -- we have passed two stress tests, and our capital ratios continue to rise, and so I think it’s a good time to begin to think about what our capital structure is, and how we rationalize that as well.
René Jones: Yeah. Two reasons off the top of my head, one is, we get paid in different ways, sometimes we get paid on a monthly basis, some fee arrangements are quarterly. But there is also a significant portion, where we are on an annual fee basis. So you would see that at the end of the year, and then as you get back up, you lose that source. So that whole collection of people that pay you on an annual basis, you wouldn't see in the first quarter. And then taxes, so for example, you should see an uptick in the revenue next time, because all of -- the substantial portion of our tax fees are paid in the second quarter.
René Jones: Because of taxes? So there is some of it -- as we go back, its pretty consistent. I think at year ago, if we do the same thing -- a year ago, fourth to first, we were down $4.7 million. This time we were down $4.6 million.
René Jones: So we have sort of been searching for that, right. So a year ago, two stress tests ago, we entered the stress test with a tier-1 common of 9.48 and we fared pretty well in the stress test. And we entered with something like 9.76 or something like that this past time, and we fared pretty well. So now that we have had our internal models for some time, but we are getting to -- get a chance to see the third party's view of that. So we are kind of zoning in on that, and I think that sort of starts to frame the idea of where our target ratios might come out, and what I know, that to be on a comparable basis, you have to use the other measure, which is 9.98. So clearly, as we start pushing up above 10, you're starting to get into the space of excess capital. So at some point, we will probably start disclosing target capital ratios. But again, I think, we haven't really done that in particular, because of the sort of uncertainty with the transaction, because that transaction will give us even more capital, all right, and we need to sort of think about what the difference is between our target ratios, and what we practically can and actually get to. So that's sort of what our thinking is, but hopefully that frames for you, what we are zoning or beginning to zone in on.
René Jones: No, you're not being too harsh in saying that. I think what I'd characterize is, it has been slightly increasing for a long period of time, and that sort of increasing trend has not cone unabated. So when we look at our own numbers, I look at some of the things that in for a long term client, that we are doing for them. And I say to myself, wow, we are now getting into a space where, if you're going to see any kind of loan growth, you're probably -- it would be tough to generate high single digit loan growth in this environment, when you compete with the capital markets. I would expect, in the real estate space, the multifamily space, the CMBS issuance will be up 20% this year. So that's pretty natural for us not to be able to compete with those guys, in the level of both structure and price.
René Jones: It’s a great question Gerard. I hope not. I mean, we have got a large organization with lots of people. And so, we have a strong culture of not chasing revenue, and I think that culture is still intact. And at the same time, we are investing very heavily in sort of modernizing our risk management infrastructure, and make sure that doesn't happen. All we can do is, continue to talk about it and be very transparent about it. Having said that, when I look back at the cycles, I think -- this is just me, but I think that, when we look back, we will be talking about how -- when a lot of the standards were weakening and deal economics were lighter, we were making investments in our risk management infrastructure and we were focused on efficiency. And that's sort been this way, the cycle has been -- has carried out over a number of decades for us, and I think as long as we have that good work to do, it makes us less antique [ph] about the fact that revenue growth is slow, and our clients need to be very loyal to us, and our focus will be on maintaining those relationships, and making sure that we take some of the excess capital invested in our franchise, in our infrastructure.
René Jones: I think the way I think about it is, this might be the largest transaction since Dodd-Frank. There is a lot of uncertainty out there, but clearly the standards are high. And I feel good about the fact, while it may seem counterintuitive that we are in there, working on finding out first-hand what those standards are. And I think that, as we get to a place, our investments should be leverageable; and I never heard anything to suggest that the regulatory environment doesn't want deals to happen ever again. So I try to be somewhat optimistic. Having said that, I will tell you, that clearly the standards are high, and I look at all the work that we have done, and the way I think about it is, we have done a tremendous amount of work. I won't recite it all, but we have done a tremendous amount of work, in a relatively short period of time, and it kind of makes sense, that the Federal Reserve, would want to take an appropriate amount of time in this environment, to sort of -- to sort of get their arms around those improvements we have made, to get comfortable with it, as part of the application process. I try not to think too much beyond that, but I don't see any reason why -- with the infrastructure we have in place, that we shouldn't be able to do deals in the future.
René Jones: I think you -- there are cycles, and I think that revenues are very-very depressed, because of the rate environment. So you see how asset sensitive we are, its significant and you also have -- Don touched on the fact that on the mutual fund space, where we have $9 million to $10 million of mutual funds that are earning zero to negative, those would gain back -- go all the way back up to 40. So this is -- we think of it, in terms of the revenue and expense spread, I think that clearly, you could get to those levels with a different rate environments, and not being where it is today.
René Jones: I think so. But can you make improvements in the current environment? Yeah, we definitely have the ability to do that, because we have been spending a lot of money. And if you look at the peers, they have been reducing expenses, we had not -- over the last two years, we have increased expenses, and there is a big spread between what we have invested in the period. So we have opportunity to improve without a turnaround in rate.
