Rene Jones: Steve, you know from time to time, and I guess sometimes frequently over the last couple of years we’ve seen speculation in the media to what M&T may or may not do, and as you well know as a result, we sort of maintain a long standing policy of not commenting on media reports. So, that’s not going to change today. If your question is about how we think about M&A, I mean, it’s pretty well documented. Our thought process is that we tend to not do anything that doesn’t put the pre-existing M&T shareholders first and we focus on trying to big in the markets that we serve. A lot of times, that means we want to be in adjacent markets, but in no way or shape we want to be in a market in a small way, but other than that, other than general comment there is not much more I can expand on your question.
Rene Jones: Well, I mean the shares would have to be registered. So we’ve addressed that before. So I mean I would guess that, I think generally most of the questions related to AIB are best directed towards AIB, especially since they’ve kind of said that they are going to do something by the end of the year. So, there is still six months left, but one technical step in the process is that the shares would have to be registered. So it’s not as if you’d see something dribbled out without seeing a registration statement.
Rene Jones: And it’s just too far away. I was getting confused with the NSF thing, but yes that’s just too far away and we’ll probably have more on that as we get closer, but that could be as much as a year out before we find something out.
Rene Jones: Okay. It’s a good question, Ken. I mean, well I don’t know about pre-opted in. So, the way I understand it is that unless the customer opts in there, they are out. So, what you’ve got is on July 1, for new customers, the new rule kicked in and then you go for the remaining customers that occur on August 15. So, if you think about what the process is, is it really for us anyway a massive outreach program where we are calling customers, asking if they understand the services, and what you’ve seen is we are pretty pleased with the percentage of customers who we actually get a hold of, who actually opt in and then, you are right, you get a normalizing effect as you get to the fourth quarter, but remember, because the customer opts, if you don’t contact them, they actually opt out. There is probably only upside as you move beyond the fourth quarter, right. So, it’s so hard to tell because what will likely happen is somebody who we tried to contact and couldn’t get a hold of will not have noticed the change in payment behavior, and because what we are finding is that the majority of people who we do speak to understand the service and are saying, yes, okay I’ll opt in, I think you get some sort of normalizing effect starting post-August 15 which is a positive factor. So, it’s really, really hard to tell. I mean, technically you’re right; you are going to get more of an effect in the fourth quarter, but you are not necessarily considering everything, so it’s hard to say. I’d also point out that the transaction volume was up, when you look at second to third and when you look at year-over-year second quarter. So, that’s the other piece that’s pretty hard to predict.
Rene Jones: Yes. Ken a couple of things on capital. I mean, I think one; we are very pleased with where our capital is and where it’s headed, and we often sort of get labeled as having, being on the lower end of the peer group. But I mean, if you look at the Texas ratio, which compares to non-performing loans or if you look at charge-offs, because of restrictive nature, we are very well capitalized. Then, as you sort of get to the new regulations, which we’ve been all sort of waiting to hear about, I mean what we really heard doesn’t help us much because what it told us is one form of capital that we use which is regulatory capital is now going to be disallowed in the future, but what we don’t know is how much core common equity we need, and as you follow the bank for a long time, every decision we make is on tangible equity. So, we don’t really know more than we knew before, but what we are very pleased with is just the capital generation rate of M&T has really never stopped, right and so we are generating capital very quickly and as you start to think the time that it will take to actually change the regulations, I’d be surprised if capital is just not sort of one of the things that we are worried about today.
Rene Jones: Yes, sure. Let me just grab some data, but then I’ll just first describe. The loan that we took was the one we mentioned in the recent quarter. I can’t remember whether it was last quarter or two quarters ago, but it was our Manhattan property and we had talked a fair amount about that property, and so we are just moving it through the process, right nothing new real there. Other than the fact that, as we talked about, when you charge that down and move, you can kind of see that the loss content is low and it’s probably characteristic of what we have in the portfolio. Then much of the rest were actually pay down. So, we had a $100 plus million of loans that were non-performing previously that just paid down, and they sort of fell in several categories. Do give me one second, I have a sheet here somewhere, yes, so if you kind of look through C&I accounted for maybe $77 million of the drop quarter-over-quarter, commercial real estate was $170 of which $100 was that one credit and we also saw in the consumer side was down as well with no change really in residential real estate, maybe $3 million up, some small number. So generally, we saw positives across the board and a lot of the improvement came from pay-offs and pay-downs. Why that’s important to me is the drop that we are seeing in our loan balances is on loans that aren’t paying us. So, it’s a fact that’s also contributing to the higher margin, right. So it’s a net positive.
Rene Jones: I mean most of the trends on; let’s start with C&I. I mean we see a lot of people that are not utilizing much of their lines. We had in Mid-Atlantic a number of customers who have sort of low cost lines. They went unutilized in the quarter. It’s not as if we actually see much of a drop in demand or change, but it just hasn’t gotten any better and I would say that’s pretty much across the Board, which is interesting because we tend to get a lot of questions on our capital and what we are thinking about capital. The reality is, is that the market is really flush with capital from all the issuances. The market’s also flushed with liquidity relative to the past, but customers just are not necessarily having great demands for borrowing. So, probably more important than the volume of loans which we really can do much about is that you are beginning to see competitive pressure on pricing. So, I think that’s probably the biggest story out there, but no change in demand I guess is probably the way I would put the loan side.
Rene Jones: I don’t know, in my mind, somehow I’m thinking of using rolling averages. I mean, you know the positive is that that almost every category improved linked quarter basis, the ones that didn’t were flat, and I would say that I’m not surprised on the consumer side. We’ve been talking a fairly long time about the fact that we got in front of losses on the residential mortgages and the fact that the way our vintages fall on indirect auto and those types of paper that we would have expected to see improvement over time. I think the trend generally is positive. I just think that you could still get a fair amount of lumpiness. So, I don’t know that I would pick any one quarter as a starting point, but I might look at the general trend over several quarters and think about it from that perspective.
Rene Jones: Yes, if you sort of move out sort of the AIB shares out of that discussion, the OTTI charges were down this quarter, maybe $10 million, last quarter they were 26 and the thing that we saw in March, April timeframe was a big improvement in the roll rates, in the 30-day plus roll rates. So, people were migrating in the right direction and more people were paying. So that was a positive trend and I think that’s what we’re going to have to watch, I think that the extent that that tolls up it would be great, but as you know you just don’t hear a lot of great news around the consumer improving, they are not getting worse, but if that were to happen maybe we continue to have some charges, but if things were to stay down in terms of people continuing their payment patterns being on a positive basis in terms of delinquencies, I think we are pretty pleased. In that respect, we think that the overall risk is kind of low.
Rene Jones: Yes, they improved again by maybe, I don’t know $150 million. So, to me it looks like this is a third consecutive quarter of improvement in our classified assets, so very positive trend there. I’m going to give you some numbers, but I recall that there’s been not much change in the level of delinquencies. I can run through some numbers, but when I look at the total consumer book, 30 day plus was around 1.6% this quarter, same as last quarter. A year ago, that was probably 1.59, so almost no change there, and then I guess overall we are up slightly overall, which means that we got a little bit more on the commercial side, much of which is driven by a number of residential development projects. Remember, on the residential development projects, you are going to get stuff from the portfolios that we purchased, right. So, there are already marked to full value. So, much of stuff that was originally M&T we’ve dealt with, and I things that we acquired from Provident and from Bradford we’ve marked a fair value, but they still come through the delinquency report as the property is going to move through the process. So, it seems pretty quiet to me, I guess is what I’d say.
Rene Jones: There is no change. I mean, we would be happy to pay the TARP back, we don’t think we necessarily need it, but as you know especially just think with what just happened in terms of the new regulation, it just changes frequently and changes the thought process on what you might do and when you might do with the TARP. We think our capital ratios are flushed and so I think we’ll probably just wait and see.
Rene Jones: Sure Ken. I mean, I guess, when you think about it over from a historical perspective, is a whole bunch of factors that you look at and I guess it depends on what happens typically if you are getting loan growth that doesn’t mean that you are necessarily releasing reserves, because the portfolio you have is you got new loans in and it needs the allowanced on cover that. So, I think in my mind, its sort of, we are traditionally pretty conservative there. We’ll watch trends and I guess you’d have to see something like no return of loan growth or declines in loans and big improvements in classified assets, but my sense is that we’ll be pretty consistent with what we’ve been doing recently.
Rene Jones: I mean, our allowance is specifically related to the lost content that we see in our loan book, nothing else.
Rene Jones: Oh yeah, no, little more days in the third quarter. So, you should see an uptake in salaries simply because of that fact, but there was nothing I can think of that was unusual in the second quarter in the salary lines. So, I would expect a small uptake in the salaries just given the number of days, pay days and so forth.
Rene Jones: This are two spaces and the first one is we were really bullish on deposits. So, today, there is a lot of discussion about NFS and legislation and all of that, but at the end of the day, what I think we have learned especially from the crisis is the strength of the franchise is all about your deposit base. I think that’s probably also true when it comes to thinking about over long term period what your revenue growth looks like. So, we have been spending and we’ll begin even more so to spend a lot on things that are related to deposit services, payment services because we think that sort of what you can -- it’s hard to grow much more than you grow than your deposit base without actually taking outsize risk on your loan portfolio. So, if you keep your deposit base fine and nothing is happening there on the revenue side, I guess the economy can come back and you can lend more. I guess you can get more aggressive and risky and the types of loans you are lending and put more yield on and more volume, but as you see that doesn’t work, right. So, from our perspective, it’s all about the deposit. The second thing is we don’t look at revenue growth. We look at revenue growth per share. So it’s why we are very conservative and thoughtful around how we treat our capital base, and you kind of see that today. I mean if think of the fact that we’ve been growing our capital overtime organically, had we done a big capital raise, now that there’s no demand for loans, that would be more of a hit to revenue growth per share than the actual loan issue, but today, when it comes back we’ll deal with it and if we need capital because we need growth for some reason, acquisitions, we’ll do that.
Rene Jones: I don’t know that I have any specific evidence of change in the views of the sellers, but I got to imagine that if the current environment stays the way it is today, I mean unless you’ve got really talented employees and you’re sort of very thoughtful about the way you’ve built your business, it’s just going to be harder. Think about the idea again, people are flushed with capital and flushed with liquidity if demand doesn’t come back over the course of a year or so it doesn’t really matter to us, we’ll keep building our franchise, but to a lot of people that’s the pretty tough environment when you compound that with the new regulations and so forth. I got to believe overtime, there will be an acceleration of consolidation in the industry.
Rene Jones: If I say nothing, is that an answer? I don’t know. I don’t know I mean I would say that the decline we saw in the second quarter was lower than what we saw in the first so it seems to be trending in that direction but timing, who knows, right? Not much change in our overall outlook there yet.
Rene Jones: Yes, I mean when I answer your first question it sort of comes from there and don’t see big changes in our pipelines and I think we would start to, if we were going to see it in third quarter we would probably be able to tell you that we’d see changes in our pipeline, but there hasn’t been much it’s very quiet. It makes me think that it could be sometime before we get a noticeable turn in loan demand.
Rene Jones: I don’t have the volumes that we expect, but I mean I think first feed is we actually got it done. I’m very pleased with that. It’s something that we wanted to do for a long time. We have a number of Canadian customers that we service over time, but this is the first time, based on sort of change in the rules and the appetite over there that we are actually able to sort of set up an office, but everything is on track. I think quite frankly when you take that and then you add in the fact that this quarter we launched our credit card offering which is sort of a return to the credit card business from 12-years ago, you can kind of get a sense for the types of things that we are doing at M&T with sort of all normal business and we are making decisions that will help us grow the franchise over time.
