David Rosato: Correct. So, if you take the ending total loans of 43.6, reduce the $1.346 billion of United and the multifamily of 737 brings you down to 41.5. So, that’s the base that the loan growth is off of. Then additionally, we expect those two portfolios to run off between $300 million and $400 million each during the year.
David Rosato: Yes. So, we called out, Mark, the 5 basis points in Q4. That is a good number, the way I think about kind of two components obviously, the loan side and the deposit side. The loan purchase accounting will be with us for about four years. On the deposit side, most of that, Mark, is around the CD portfolio, which is about a year. So, you’re going to see first half benefit larger than the second half. But, the second half will be a run rate for a couple years.
David Rosato: So, that was the value that we attributed to the mutual fund business at acquisition of Gerstein Fisher.
David Rosato: Starting with the fees, the base is the $424 million that we referenced, the base for the NII is just what is in the press release, which is $1.412 billion.
David Rosato: Yes. I think about that as about a 2% growth -- 2% rate. And we’ve -- I know every year, there has been M&A activity in there, but that’s really what it works out to be.
David Rosato: Yes, a small amount. I mean, they came off a little bit in Q4 about $180 million or so. We expect a little bit of decline next year, subject -- once again, I mean the mortgage book was completely different than we thought at the beginning of the year, subject to level of interest rates and refi activity.
David Rosato: Well. So, just to be clear, the $0.5 billion that you see that showed up on the loans held for sale are United Bank portfolios that subsequent to the deal we decided to sell, and that work is in process.
David Rosato: Sure. So, I would say, number one, the -- I would stress that since the Fed started moving down, since the end of July, we’ve been very disciplined around deposit pricing across all of our businesses. But, we also would say that the industry has been well-disciplined as well, which is important because when we have one or two players who aren’t, it’s difficult. So, for example, today, our best CD offer out there is a six-month CD at a 1.70, right? So, slightly below the top end of the Fed target range. The other thing that we did on the retail side is become less aggressive on money market promotions. So, those offer rates are lower relative to where Fed funds target is, and that’s been another dynamic in the last six months. I don’t see those type of -- that type of behavior changing in 2020, at least in the near term. So, I think it’s that day to day our frontline folks being in front of customers trying to generate growth in new accounts and serving our customers. But, we’re able to do it in a slightly less promo environment.
David Rosato: I would say, actually Collyn, a little bit the other way. So, last quarter we referenced that that differential came down from about 50 basis points in the second quarter to about 30 basis points in the third. That has moved down a bit in the fourth quarter. Subject to mix and shape of the yield curve, I think that’s going -- that dynamic will slowly come in, not expand.
David Rosato: Collyn, just to finish that thought. So, there’s two components to that. Right? There’s interest rate -- benchmark interest rates and credit spreads. And what I would say is the driver is benchmark interest rates. Our credit spreads have been pretty steady in the back half of last year, and we don’t expect that to change.
David Rosato: Well, we did not sell the mutual fund. So, we -- they were public mutual funds. It’s a little over $550 million that were in Gerstein Fisher. We just stopped using public mutual funds as the vehicle for those customers to invest. We’re still managing that money. We just are doing it back in what we call our managed account group. So, same customers, same investment strategies, just not in a public mutual fund format where we have higher cost to serve those customers.
David Rosato: So, that $0.07, which was on a fully phased in cost basis. Right? And as Jack referenced, the conversion will be done early in the second quarter. And then, there is a little bit of time before we get everything out, all the cost out and get to the permanent, if you will, run rate. So, everything around that transaction from purchase accounting, accretion, it’s all on target. So, no change in our expectations. The only change really is the rather than running off $1.8 billion of loans, we decided to take that $0.5 billion and sell them. So that means that $0.5 billion of assets will be gone sooner than we originally thought, but it’s actually not going to be material to the financial projections that we gave.
David Rosato: So, that’s -- just for everyone’s benefit, that’s what we referenced on the third quarter call. As a reminder, that did not include United Bank. Our work around CECL continues. We now think that we’ll actually be just around the lower end of that number when all is said and done. So, plus or minus $40 million. And then, there will be some additional to United but that work is still in progress as well.
David Rosato: I think, it’s about the same. The credit discipline of the Company is unchanged. The changing nature or complexion of the credit risk on the balance sheet is not significantly different from where we have been historically.
David Rosato: Yes. That’s fine. As I said, everything we said we would sell out of United, we did. And actually some of it, was as I referenced on the CLOs, they actually did it prior to acquisition. And so, today the securities portfolio is about 13% of total assets. We’ve been there for a while. That’s less than -- some years we are running 15%, but where the level of interest rates pretty modest, steepness of the yield curve, we’re pretty much going to keep things where they are as we see it today.
David Rosato: Sure. I’ll give you a couple of numbers. And then, if Jack wants to make any other comment. So, today at year-end, we had about -- we have 450 branches across the franchise, the Stop & Shops across New York and Connecticut are about 150 million -- 150 of the 450 branches. They are a critical part today and have been of our branch network, they are a low-cost delivery source for us. And then, the contract that we talked about before is up in about two years. We also own an option to extend that if we want.
David Rosato: So, I will interpret your question as you were pleasantly surprised by the performance. The LEAF is the highest yielding portfolio of the three. So, everything across our three equipment platforms is fixed rate production. Right? Unlike our mortgage warehouse or ABL, which is 100% one month LIBOR, these are our fixed rate cash flows or a predominant amount of our fixed rate cash flows. And spreads and yield, spreads don’t change that often and they’re not -- the business especially in LEAF and PUEFC, the old former fin Fed are -- it’s a rate-driven business, and they don’t move that often. So, that’s how that yield, even in a down 75 basis-point Fed funds environment holds up. The largest of our three platforms, PCLC is lower yielding and more market-sensitive, but that is the business that we have held flat from an outstandings perspective for the last three years or so. And then, don’t forget, this was the year that at the beginning of the year, we bought VAR Technologies and we brought them into the fold. And they are a really nice high yield originator as well.
David Rosato: Sure. So, that yield -- just on a coupon yield, ignoring a nice fee income is yields from, call it 7.25% to about 8%.
David Rosato: Those numbers have gotten quite a bit smaller at this point. David, we’d have to come back and give you the details on that. We can take that offline. I can’t remember exactly where Belmont was, at this point.
Jack Barnes: So, I really don’t see the pace of M&A generally changing dramatically one way or the other in the Northeast, I would say at this point. And in terms appetite for larger deals, we’ve been willing to consider larger deals if appropriate, the right fix, et cetera. So, again, I don’t think our view has changed. There is not many larger deals across our footprint. I will say that, if you look at our footprint and what’s out there.
Jack Barnes: So, Ken, what I would say is, when we announced the buyback, and then -- in the call on the third quarter and today for the third time we’ve used the term opportunistic. The 10% to 10.5% is consistent capital level that we put out as a goal for last year as well. We managed within that last year. And our intention would be to manage within it this year as well.
Jack Barnes: Well, there’s a whole range of possibilities from no buybacks to the full completion of the 5%, based on our views of the equity markets and obviously our stock in particular.
Jack Barnes: As we said in the script, we’re expecting resi to basically stay flat year end to year end. There’s actually a lot of activity in there, as you can imagine, given amortization and payoffs. So, one of the things that I guess, I hope it’s clear to everybody, we’re very committed to resi mortgage in terms of delivering the product to our customer base, important part of the retail -- part of our bank. So, it’s -- there are some wholesale channels where we can do less. And as we’ve been saying, our focus is trying to remix gradually so that we’re booking more higher yield portfolios and a softening, if you will, the percentage of -- reducing the percentage of residential mortgages overall on the balance sheet. So, that’s where the resi is. I’d ask Jeff Tengel to talk about the loan growth in the other business lines.
Jack Barnes: Hey, Casey. Just to put a number around our thinking about resi mortgages. If you go back to like June of ‘17, so before the last three acquisitions, we had about 21% of the loan book in resi mortgages. At June of ‘19, it was up to almost 25%. And so, we’re just trying to bring that number down a few percentage points without selling anything out of it, do it on a natural basis and not obviously bring up the commercial side, which yields more.
Jack Barnes: Well, so we gave a provision guidance of $40 million to $50 million that that was inclusive of United. So, that’s $10 million to $12.5 million dollars a quarter is the way we’re thinking about it and you should as well.
Jack Barnes: I would say it’s a little bit of both. So, we had three quick Fed moves in kind of a compressed period of time in the third and fourth quarter. I would say by the time the quarter was over, the loan portfolio has kind of repriced, any lags in there had kind of come down. Remember, about 44% at this point of that -- of our loan portfolio is really one month LIBOR driven. And one month LIBOR came down 34 basis points, I think it was in Q4. We telegraphed our guidance around steady interest rates, steady Fed funds rate. So, I think as the fixed piece of the portfolio rolls, you’ll see some downward pressure there. I think, if the Fed does not do anything all year, it will be harder to bring down deposit pricing; there will be some positive role in our CD books. And the other piece of that is we’re seeing good restraint across the industry on deposit prices. So, I just think, in a steadier environment, the ability to make moves will be a little bit muted.
Jack Barnes: No. So, they did have a CLO portfolio. That portfolio never hit our books, meaning that it was gone before we acquired that. We did exactly like we said we would, when we announced the deal. All those securities were liquidated. All that came over from their portfolio was a little over $300 million of securities that we would say are very much like the stuff that we own. Within the quarter, you saw, I believe, a 5 basis-point improvement in the yield on the securities portfolio, driven by the addition of some municipal bonds, which -- in that portfolio, as well as really good low levels of prepayment activity across the mortgage backed. So, the amount of amortization that went through the portfolio was really well-controlled in the fourth quarter, resulting in a higher yield.
Jack Barnes: I would say, we just opened a de novo branch, in the Seaport area in Boston. And we certainly would consider looking at other opportunities there. That branch by the way is really off to a great start. And we also did Penn Station in New York. And again, we’re encouraged by that, it’s off to a great start and a lot of activity there. So, we definitely are open to de novo, love to build out the South Shore Boston and kind of considering and looking at our options there. And, so we’re open to it. We actually are also closing, continue to close branches. So, kind of working to optimize the branch footprint all the time.
Jack Barnes: In ‘19, and we’re basically flat. So, we’re active in the business. We’re taking care of our customers, but we’re getting payoffs from shadow banking companies, we are getting sale of properties. So, it’s hard to predict, Steve, when that changes other than some kind of a change -- in my mind, a change in -- like a cycle change for instance, maybe a change in rate environment where that changes the dynamics. That’s why, I think when Jeff kind of referred to whether it’s middle-market business banking, the leasing companies, the verticals, we’re actually doing quite well in a lot of our businesses, and moving ourselves forward. But, that’s a challenge.
Jack Barnes: And then, the other thing I would add Collyn is we’re really pleased with the work that our relationship mangers have done, going out proactively and having the conversation with customers about the Fed raised rates and we raised deposit pricing. Now, the Fed has lowered rates and we need to lower pricing. And because of relationships and good communication, we feel really good that we’ve had nice success.
Jack Barnes: I would say, just to add that we’re working with Stop & Shop to look to the future and kind of, if you will, the model that we’re using and we’re having some very constructive conversations with that. [Indiscernible] but just work our way through that period and determine where we go.
Jack Barnes: Thank you. In closing, another quarter of record earnings provided a great finish to a strong 2019 for People’s United. We were pleased with our performance during the fourth quarter, which was highlighted by improved net interest margin, lower deposit costs, continued remixing of the balance sheet with a focus on higher yielding portfolios, solid organic commercial loan growth, positive operating leverage, strong noninterest income, and sustained excellent asset quality. Thank you for your interest in People’s United. Have a good night.
