René F. Jones: Well, I think, Brian, the first thing I'd say is we'll clearly make the investments we need to make, and we'll sort of go full steam ahead. I thought that's wonderful you already noticed the postings.
René F. Jones: Let's see. I think let's put it in context. We have been making quite a bit of investment in our overall infrastructure for some time now. Last year, it was heavily focused on -- the year before, focused on investments in our capital planning exercises, which, of course, affect our technology but our people as well. You saw that we hired Don Truslow as the Chief Risk Officer. You saw that we hired Mahesh Sanakran about a year ago, a little more than year ago, around our forecasting process. So we've been doing a lot on that front anyway. And I guess the way to think about it is, when you think about a over a course of a year, we now spend $2.5 billion. So we have a lot of resources to be able to sort of put to bear. And I just think when you sort of think about earnings models, I think it's kind of hard to find it all in that, right, because we're constantly making investments. The other thing I'd point you to, Brian, is that if you look at -- because there's so much change, we're constantly tweaking our business models. If you look at just the first quarter results over last year, our salaries and benefits are up $10 million, $11 million, $12 million. But that's totally offset by FDIC expense coming down because credit quality is improving and we're issuing the funding and so forth, right? So we're sort of constantly trying to manage the whole. So if I had a line item that said compliance, you'd see that go up and we'd make a lot of investment there, but I'm not sure how to sort of put that in the context of the overall spending.
René F. Jones: Oh, yes, the FDIC assessment. I think look, the formula is affected by a lot of things. So as classified loans start to continue to come down, you're going to get lower rates there. As we begin -- early on, a year or so ago, we talked about changing some of the way we did business. That's affected that.
René F. Jones: The issuance of the $800 million has an impact. And so to the extent that as we kind of go out and look at the liquidity coverage ratio and kind of move our -- in that direction, you would logically see some offsets there.
René F. Jones: So let me answer. I think so -- okay, so let's step back for a bit. So as you know, the regulatory dialogue that we have by its nature is confidential, as you said. But it's also ongoing. And as -- if you think about how it works as an industry matter, formal enforcement actions are disclosed by the appropriate regulator. While some informal regulatory matters, such as MOUs and so forth, are disclosed by the institution if they're material from a securities law perspective, we didn't wait to receive any formal findings before disclosing this issue last Friday. And as such, we're not really aware of any sort of final outcomes or conclusions from the regulators. We did this in part because of its impact on Hudson City, and we tried to be as proactive as we possibly could. Having said that, we don't believe -- we do believe that we have the full understanding of what the issue is -- issues are to be addressed, and so that's why we're running ahead and working on all of them. And in the end, I guess it will be up to other parties to sort of determine the appropriate sort of type of action that they take. But as I said before, we have never in our minds -- I think this is the first time that I can remember in my 21 years, and as I talk to others, where we've really ever discussed a regulatory matter in public, and it's related to the transaction.
René F. Jones: So, I mean, what I can say is that each of the institutions kind of have to focus on their own issues. And until you get yourself close to a date and actually close to or having approval, you've got to be very careful to make sure that each institution takes care of their own matters, right? So that's what we'll do. Hudson City will continue to focus on managing its balance sheet and trying to keep themselves safe and sound. And on our front, we're going to focus heavily on this issue and make sure that when the time comes, we're ready.
René F. Jones: Thanks for your question, Bob. I mean, the thing that we're going to focus on is keeping our regulatory issues as the most important sort of issue, regardless of the transaction. So I got to say that right at the outset, right? And we have every intention that we're going to remediate the issues that are outstanding. And we're going to do so quickly and we're going to do so in a manner that probably exceeds expectations. And second point I'd make to sort of get to where you are is that we need -- to be able to complete the merger, we'll need to obtain the regulatory approval, which, by their nature, are pretty uncertain. And -- but if we can do so, we'll try to get them as soon as possible. But that said, we've not really provided you with a specific date at this time. And I would say that from our perspective, it really seems prudent for us really not to engage in that discussion till maybe later to -- towards the end of the summer when we've made progress on our own things. And at that point, if we have better clarity, we'll do it. But I think internally, we're just going to focus on hitting this one out of the park.
René F. Jones: Based on what I know today, that sounds like it makes a lot of sense. And how -- my understanding of how the 2 institutions are -- I mean, particularly how that institution is hedged. And that gets tweaked a little if you were to see changes in their balance sheet and if you were to see rates move a little. But I think you're thinking about it the right way.
René F. Jones: Okay, yes. I mean, I guess directly to your question, I mean, I think basically, look, you average from the third quarter to the first quarter and you're going to see that a lot of that stuff was timing. And I can't believe that people were -- I mean, we're -- they were changing the timing in the fourth quarter because of the tax events we talked about. But at the end of the day, I think if you look just from the month of -- from February to March, after we saw the drop, we saw the sort of normal mid-single-digit -- low to mid-single-digit loan growth. So I haven't noticed any change. What we -- I mean, I think it's an interesting thing. So in upstate New York, as we talk to people and actually all the way across through Albany, we're seeing that some of the clients are actually -- have more utilization in their lines, that we're hearing stories of people looking to make capital investment, a few capital investments. When you flip all the way down to the other end of the franchise, in Washington D.C., it's more reserved, people are worried about the sequester, the competition has picked up. We were talking 2 quarters about life companies, and we were talking about conduits. Now what we're seeing, and I think it's probably because of the limited, fewer opportunities, that the competition sort of heed up among the large national players that are in that market. So when you look at the overall thing, it's almost a -- I'm kind of laughing at the back of Bob's letter. Middle America seems to be doing very fine, and all of those areas that are affected by specific-type events, right, have gotten more competitive.
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean, this is -- I mean, how do I say this? I mean, look, let me just say it again. We'll make whatever investment it takes. We're not starting from 0, right? So if we do this, we do it pretty well, but we need to make some additional investments. I think the difficult part will be that relative to some other things we've done, I mean, you saw we agreed to bring on the 600 people from -- in the local community here in the mortgage servicing space, right? I mean, those types of things are probably more relevant or so visible, I should say, than maybe hiring of 100 people or whatever the number may be. Really, what you got to think about, though, is on the systems and data side, right? And a lot of those capital investments that you're making, you might not -- they might be significant, but you might not necessarily see them right out of the gate on the -- in the financials, right? They'll come over time. So that would be the one area where you definitely see -- you see spending, but you don't necessarily see the impact being significant in any given quarter. So it's hard to say. I mean, that's basically the best I can do, Ken. As we learn more about it, I'll talk to you about it.
René F. Jones: No, it hasn't changed at all. I don't know that we've said it before, but we can. We do have approval to begin refinancing those out. And I just haven't really thought about when we're going to do it. In part, I think if we saw attractive pricing or something like that, we would probably go ahead and try to seize that opportunity. But we're really focused on decent pricing. So that will probably dictate the timing.
René F. Jones: One of the things that, Ken, is -- let's step back and think about what's unique. We were engaged in 3, 4 or 5 transactions through the crisis when most people weren't. And so what I think is confusing is when you look at the numbers, it looks like the expenses have been well controlled. But what you're seeing there is all of the synergies in -- from the mergers of -- the transaction have gone right back into building the infrastructure. So I already talked about the hiring of people. If you sort of looked underneath that, that's been continuing. But we've put in new data centers, one down in Hillsboro, Delaware last year. We spent $20 million on our way to a $43 million spend. On the one up in Amherst, another new data center, we've been involved in the building out our capital planning process and our compliance structure. We hired a new Chief Compliance Officer about 1.5 years or so ago. So I don't know if you've really noticed when you're looking at the numbers, but really a significant investment has been made. And so as we look at this, we kind of see it the same way because at the end of the day, you can't be a strong institution unless you're -- unless you've made these investments for the future. So I don't really look at this as a sort of short-term thing. I think we're going to take our time. We'll do this right. We'll exceed expectations because we tend to be sort of here for the long term, right? And the other thing I will say is that if you look back, there have been 3 periods of expansion for M&T: in the early '90s, at the turn of the century and then recently. And all 3 of those periods came to us because we were healthy and the industry was not. And what we did in the interim is we built up our infrastructure. So that's kind of what you're seeing today. I think we do it pretty well, and I don't think this is a sign of anything that's changing in our operating model.
René F. Jones: Sure, I'll say it again, Ken. We do not take regulatory approvals for granted. That's what we have to work our way through. The significant issue that you have to get through is you've got to put in place your infrastructure on BSA/AML, and you got to do it to meet the standards of the firm, the board and the regulators. So that's what we're doing.
René F. Jones: That -- I mean, how do I say this? That is just a hard question to answer. I think what you're requiring me to do is put your head down and make sure everything is in place. Our examiners, each one of them, who are from different places, are here all the time. They're continuously monitoring us. And so we feel that if we do our work, then the rest will take care of itself. But in terms of talking about timing, you just can't do it.
René F. Jones: Okay. So I can't -- Brian, I can't comment on specifics because Hudson City is going to have to go down their path and run their institution. But having said that, there's a number of things before we showed up that they were trying to do that would strengthen their franchise and that would change the mix of business they have on their balance sheet that are very consistent with things that we would do if we were operating in New Jersey. And one of the benefits of the transaction is that we were able to accelerate that, but they were very much aligned. And so when I look at the whole thing, if there's a delay or significant delay in the transaction, I don't see much of the changes in the economics. I mean, it's very small things. Like obviously, there'll be no benefit until Hudson City either significantly improves their -- or either significantly changes their operating model or does the merger with M&T before you'd see lower FDIC expenses, right? And in this case, that was a large item. So that'll just be delayed. But I think the way you've characterized this is right, but it's very important to understand that we don't have any influence over that whatsoever.
René F. Jones: It was like 30%. It was -- it might have been 30% last quarter. I'll get that number for you in a minute.
René F. Jones: Oh, yes. Yes, it's interesting. So last quarter, we talked about it a little bit, and I said that we hadn't seen much change in the competitive pressure. And we heard more comments across our footprint about competitive pressure this time. So I grab this chart, which actually, I think, I got in front of me. And really, what you see is there really has been a steady, downward pressure on margins probably for 6 quarters. It's been slight, so you don't really noticed it. But I would say that we're running now at levels that we hadn't really seen since maybe the fourth quarter of 2010 because it's kind of been very gradual. And I think what you're seeing there -- so now, first, having said that, it's still much, much higher, the spreads to LIBOR, from where we were than before we went into the crisis and all that, right? So they're still relatively healthy. But having said that, I think what you're seeing is that there are limited opportunities. Whether people should be thinking about it this way or not, they are thinking that they have a lot of capital, right, and they're trying to find something to do with it when the economy really hasn't moved that much, and it's creating a fair amount of competitive pressure and particularly in those customers who are very, very healthy, right? Everybody wants the same individual. So when you look at the trends, I would say that it's just coming down slightly. Maybe it's dropping 2, 3, 4 basis points a quarter, right? But there's -- clearly, you can see the pressure.
René F. Jones: Some I'll throw some numbers out there just as a rough reference, right? And I don't think about loan yields that way. I think about them as a spread to LIBOR. So if we're running up at 300 basis points now, 18 months ago that might have been 320. And that 300 basis points is kind of consistent what we were in 2010, but we might have been at 400 back in middle of '09, right? So -- and you kind of think that steady progression. Having said that, we were 200 or right around 200 and trying to hold our ground, which is why our industry loan growth was low, maybe 190, back in '07, right? So we're still about 100 basis points higher than that. And then -- and so that's good news. But in terms of what you're thinking about the rollover of the balance sheet,  you got some downward pressure there.
René F. Jones: Yes, I think -- again, I guess the best indication was Western New York, again, had our best loan growth. So I think we said we had 5%. I think it was 11% loan growth in Upstate New York on average this quarter. And while I would expect some of that to begin to taper off because a lot of the activities that -- the significant activity that took place last quarter. Marty, I don't know if you'll appreciate this, but as I live here in Western New York and I go to dinner parties, people -- every time I say I'm from M&T, people still come up and say, "I need to switch to your bank." So I think there's a lot of momentum.
René F. Jones: I think, Marty, that what you're seeing is that in this environment, there's a lot of change and you've got to continuously make improvements and investments. And you've got to go above and beyond to make sure that you're ahead of the curve. And you can't -- you just can't step back. You've got to keep making investments. A huge change is going on in the industry. And it's not a matter of sort of saying, well, I was okay last year, so I'll be okay this year. You've got to make those investments. And I think in our case, it's a little bit exacerbated by the fact that we're a bigger firm.
René F. Jones: No change at all. We don't see any change at all. I think we're just -- we'll keep -- as we said in our outlook. But there's no restructurings or anything. Or if we're working on anything where, as you saw with the issuance of unsecured debt, we're sort of steadily working our way to make sure that we have the appropriate liquidity and so forth. And we will -- I wouldn't be surprised to see a few more of that type of thing.
René F. Jones: Yes. Usually, there's a seasonal dip in that, and I can't explain exactly why right off the top of my head. But in terms of professional services and those types of things, they tend to be light in the first quarter, and I think that was the case this quarter. So I wouldn't be surprised to see a little uptick there. Put it this way. Our -- in the past, going from the first quarter to second quarter, you don't get the full benefit of the change in the salary and benefit swing.
René F. Jones: No, I don't think so at all. I mean, I think -- remember, the thing to think about it, which people tend to forget about, is that we're already there. And so we've hired quality people. And if we find -- we continue to find quality folks who we think can add to our franchise, then we would continue to hire them. But it -- you will almost again think of that as a little bit separate from the transaction. I know we accelerated everything because of it, but I think quality people are always welcome here.
René F. Jones: Could you just repeat that question again? You're just a little -- your voice was a little light on the call.
René F. Jones: Now so the proposal of -- as the agreement we entered into specifies, is that we would be issuing shares of M&T to the Hudson City shareholders. 60% of the consideration would be in shares, and the remainder would be in cash. And because they would be issued in conjunction with the -- a positive economic transaction, there would be no dilution.
René F. Jones: Well, what would happen is those shares, part of the shares would be exchanged for the Hudson City shares. And in return, we would get the capital that sits on Hudson City's books today.
René F. Jones: We don't have any change in thought process from where I was in January. So I don't plan to do -- we don't plan to do anything different.
René F. Jones: Oh, that's a lot of questions. I think it's tough to say that. But think about it this way. In banking and in regulated -- definitely in regulated industries, it's not unusual, first, for shareholder approvals to be obtained prior to getting any kind of a regulatory approval, right? So that is not unusual at all. And I think if you kind of go back and look at what we've been talking about for the past 7 months in investor conferences in our original deck, this transaction is unique and adds a lot of value to both sides. So our thought process was -- our thought process when sitting down with the Hudson City folks is that we all remain really committed to the transaction because it adds so much value and it improves both financial institutions. So -- and I don't -- I think at the end of the day, not much else to say about that. I mean, you can see it in the market's reaction. Everybody gets this transaction, makes a lot of sense, and so we're very committed to it. So we thought we would extend the time line, give ourselves a little bit more time to get our issues resolved and move on.
Marty Mosby: I had 3 questions for you. How much traction are you still feel out in the marketplace with the HSBC branch sales and the disruption of the customers? A lot of those in-market acquisitions that go to somebody else create a pretty substantial market share gain, so I just was curious if you still felt like there was some momentum there.
Marty Mosby: Right, okay. And then BSA and AML are long-standing requirements. And as you pointed out, you really don't have a lot of international activity and complex businesses. And the acquisition of Hudson City really doesn't add to that exposure as well, so not specifically in that area. How do you -- is it just the size, so your size of the organization, that kind of puts you on a threshold? Because this isn't the first review you've had of these requirements. They've been out there for quite a while.
Marty Mosby: We'll go on to the next question. Any change in your balance sheet perspective for the positioning? Since Hudson City was only going to balance the balance sheet and kind of use some of your asset sensitivity, any change in your perspective with the delay? That was the last thing I wanted to ask. And thanks for humoring me on some of my questions there.
