Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank everybody for participating in M&T's third quarter 2014 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
Donald J. MacLeod: So, Hudson city. So let me start out Brian, I know it's not your question but I have to start out by saying that how saddened we were by Ron's passing. He was very, very close to us. He was a good friend with lot of roots in Western New York and lot in common with us as is true of the existing management team at Hudson city. So I think that we are going to miss him greatly as well others I think. But I mentioned that because as we think about what we did back last January, M&T and Hudson City mutually agreed to extend that period in which either party could sort of walk away from the transaction without a penalty and we did that extension all the way out to December 31 of this year and in doing that, what we were attempting to do by providing that sort of 12 month window in the discussions that we had between M&T and Hudson City was to ensure that we could provide enough time to show that we could make this substantial progress that we are talking about, that we’ve talked about today. And we also wanted to in addition to be able to show our commitment and we also though included in that thought process was that we needed to provide enough time for the various regulators to come in and take a look at what was being done and to also at that point in time, consider whether M&T was in the right condition to be able to proceed with any sort of transaction. So all we can really say is that there is nothing sort of in the timeline that we kind of that has surprised us. We think we’ve met all our milestones in that process and at the point where we are sitting here today I guess we sort of always envisioned that we were going to be – there was very – we still wouldn't be able on the October call to be able to provide any clarity other than the fact that whether or not we have done what we tried to do and we have done that. And so I think what has to happen is you just have to let that process take its course and give the regulators time to make their assessments and do what they feel is appropriate thing to do. But we feel good about the work we have done. That's sort of the best I can share with you.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at (716) 842-5138.
René F. Jones: I mean, I think the way I think about it in terms of the BSA/AML I mean there is a number of things that we have been able to achieve and as I said I think we are sort of on track with the commitments we have made. But to run through them you know first on the list was improving M&T's risk governance, our infrastructure, and then all of the training associated with our frontline employees. Second was that we build a comprehensive risk rating model to better identify potential money laundering risk and that's been up and running since this spring and so there has been several months to kind of work the kinks out of there and show how that's working for all the new customers that we have on-boarded since those dates. Third we have sort of begun a bank wide effort to update our customer information to better understand our customers and how they plan to use the product and services and we have made substantial progress there. Of course that has been going on for almost a year now, maybe just over a year. We have made some substantial progress there. Fourth was we improved our process for monitoring and reporting suspicious activity reporting and then finally we have sort of implemented a review by a third party to sort of determine whether certain transactions undertaken in the past by our customers were properly identified and reported and of course that's ongoing. So the way I would characterize it is that we really have made a lot of progress. We feel that we are on track with all the requirements that were outlined in the written agreement that and the plans that we conveyed to our regulators but having said that of course as is typical for these types of things, they take a long time and there is a fair amount of work that obviously would go on beyond the end of 2014 and 2015 to meet the full requirements but at the same time, we believe our progress to date has been substantial.
René F. Jones: I think – I am just looking for the numbers. I don’t have that on my finger tips but I mean off the top of my head, one of the things I would say is that commercial held up very nicely in the quarter. Let me see if I can just grab a number on the commercial gain on sales. Yes, the commercial business which Fannie and Freddie business was up $2 million, but other than that no I think what was interesting is that the volume was probably little stronger than I thought it would be and that sort of offset the decline that I was also probably expecting on a linked quarter basis. And having said that’s sort of why I mentioned the applications, applications were down a bit about 9% in our pipeline which is really consisting of applications that haven’t made all the way through the processes, was down about 18%. So I do think there is still little bit of downward pressure that we would be logical to see as we move into the fourth quarter but no it held up pretty well and it was real core business.
René F. Jones: Yes. So the larger size deposits that we have been taking as I mentioned relate to our institutional trust business and then in many cases we are serving as escrow agents and then – in the case of this quarter, a number of folks who were doing M&A transactions have deposited money with us that we hold until those transactions go through approval in some cases that's the various regulators, the justice department and so forth. At times we have those types of transactions due to our trust duties which tend to be relatively short term. In this case they were little longer as much as six months because of the nature of those transactions. And so given where we are now where we have got more deposits because of the – quite frankly us but also the industry has just flushed with the excess liquidity that exists nationally there is no really use for that. We put it aside and it goes into the Fed and we earn interest income but it tends to dampen a bit of our tangible ratio and it of course dampens the printed net interest margin. So it's just service that we provide for our good, strong trust customers.
René F. Jones: Yes. Sure. Sure. I will start with the little bit of history. So we entered the auto was in 1950 and if I can remember, Don you might have to help me out but the first time we lost the dollars through charge outs was in maybe 2005, it was before the down turn in the economy and at that point in time, what I think was changing was structural thing in the industry where for the previous 50 years what would happen is floor plan there was a lot of support by the manufacturers. So somebody got into trouble, they would take them out. And they stopped taking them out as course of the manufacturers got into their own problems of course and frankly before the crisis started but we went through a pretty exhausted process at that time and the thing that we sort of concluded throughout our footprint was that there was a lot of difficulty with anybody who had a single flag and so if you were unable to have multiple brands it was going to be much more difficult to do. So we went through a pretty exhausted process in 2005 and 2006 which positioned us relatively well. Then during the crisis, what you saw was a massive amount of consolidation in that process. So you are actually dealing I believe with a significantly lower volume of dealerships who are much, much stronger than they ever were in the past. And that's how you are entering the process. So then today they are benefiting because car sales are going up nationally and my sense although I haven’t looked at it recently, but I would suggest those guys are probably stronger than they ever have been in the past because they are not really depended upon sort of this big brother backing that existed for the sort of – for the early years, early goal, so as I have talked to customers during that space and the RMs that deal with them, things look pretty good. The underwriting damage have not diminished significantly there. It's competitive like any other place. But quite frankly, in that space for us our relationships are really long. It's not like we are picking up a lot of new dealerships. I don't know that there are a lot of new dealerships. These are people we have done business with for quite some time. That's what I can tell you.
René F. Jones: Well I think, I think, – I guess the way I think about it is I will stuck them at high level, I mean I talked to Don every week and other parties, talk to each other quite frequently. So we are both very, very committed to the transaction, all the economics are still there and it's an interesting thing that when you have this longer period to watch the portfolio that you are going to merge with, it gives you a significant amount of comfort above and beyond what typically, typically this takes in a lot faster pace. But having said that, I mean all we are doing is working really hard. We are providing external folks like the regulators and everything they need to access our position. And we are just letting it play out. I don't think quite frankly enough time is passed for us to be able to answer your question on that. Having said that I mean as soon as we are to hear something in any direction it would be our responsibility to talk to you guys about it and to mention it.
René F. Jones: Well, it's been a long dance and we all still like each other. And quite frankly I have to say I mean what I feel bad about it, it's not difficult M&T to put somebody through a process like that. So I think our relationship is strong and we will have to see what happens.
René F. Jones: No. It's funny because this is the first quarter we look basis points by basis points of what’s going on in the margin. This is the first quarter where we seem to be above our 2% to 3% about 4% compression. So, my sense is that's not going to go away. There is too much competitive pressure and too much pricing pressure out there for that to happen. When I look back, I mean I am pretty excited about the fact that our net interest margin this quarter versus – I am sorry, net interest income this quarter versus last year declined by $4 million bucks. So it's almost – just basically flat. And so I think that's been our trade off of trying to figure out how in terms of getting the right volume and serve our customer base, but do so in a way that doesn't result in too much margin compression. So I feel like I did almost the decade ago where we were saying look if you are going to see large growth in volume, you are going to see margin compression. And so my sense is that we didn’t change our outlook because that sort of mid single digit 5% growth is probably what's reasonable and if we stay there I think margin compression probably stays where it is. I don't see it getting less.
René F. Jones: I don't know I mean it's not like when I look at my volume that we are not getting decent spreads and we are – we are getting decent spreads, we are getting decent returns, we measure economic problems. So, all the volume that we did which was about $2.2 billion of new commitments that went through our senior loan committee was done at very strong economic profits. So that's kind of the way I think about it. I guess the other thing I would say Bob is that I don't think you see a change in the competitive environment until some of the liquidity is taken out of the system. It's just too much money, everybody is available, everybody is healthy. In some cases, probably some of the regions where have seen most competition, one of the most interesting observations that was made in preparing for the call by one of some of our relationship managers involved in was that we had a number of credits actually that were in our catalog that were taken out. And that always kind of gives you some interesting sense of how competitive it is but it's not as if the revenue go trends or devoid from what's happening on the credit side. And my sense is that this will be one of those times where things will be slower and revenue goes tight as they always are and my job is sort of maintain our discipline so that we do well in the next cycle.
René F. Jones: No, the four was on its own and then the liquidity impact would be further compression and the reason I have been talking about it that way is because at least today in this year that liquidity has added a little bit to net interest income as we look to 2015 I have got to re assess whether the remainder of what we do on liquidity coverage ratio is neutral or negative or at where it is and I think I might change the way I talk about. Right now that's the best way for you to understand sort of what’s going to happen with the dollars of revenue.
René F. Jones: I kind of feel like we are at the top end as it relates to hiring for BSA/AML as I look at the projection I mean we were I think last call I said we had done – we had like 571 or 572 individuals. That number this quarter is 613, but as I look at the projection I think we are fully staffed in my mind and on the professional services as you saw that didn’t change. I mean that was you know it was exactly the same numbers it was last quarter and I think that's going to – I know that that’s going to stay around for a little while longer because we have got work and volume to get through particularly on the fact that we got to get through the customer information and we use the term remediation, but really getting customer information on all of our customers. So not just the high risk ones we then we got to get on the medium risk and the lower risk customers. So I have all got to go through sort of refresh of information. So I think that will be around for a little bit before we begin to see a taper off.
René F. Jones: Yes it's in there. I am going to, Don tell me if I’m not, I think we spent around $102 million on professional services and it’s in that same line but then what you are seeing is you are seeing that the litigation reserve, you need another one so and really the expenses that we are placing that we are on the salary side with the extra day and then some hires.
René F. Jones: Well, as we hit each of the milestones which we have done lot of them, you are not going to need the level of external services and labor that we are doing today and I kind of talked about the idea that we are going to see this happen sort of through this year and that would sort of position us well as we get in 2015. So my sense is that as we are now sort of fully staffed with full time internal people, and as the work starts to get to completion, various completion stages, you will need less and less of external labor. We just have to tie in to ramp up the internal people and get fully qualified internal people. It was going to take too long for us to have made the significant progress that we wanted to make in the past 12 months. So we used the lot of external people to supplement in the internal.
René F. Jones: I mean we had our same application that has been outstanding for the period and obviously this thing that you would need to do as balance sheet change and circumstances change. You got to make sure that constantly you always have the right up-to-date current information available to the Fed. That's I mean pretty straight forward.
René F. Jones: All I can say is from my years of experience on – you basically when you have an application and there are number of steps, some of the most important steps are making sure that each institution from a supervisory perspective there is a very strong understanding of where those institutions are from a supervisory perspective and that's sort of the standard protocol that goes on in I think almost written in is BSA/AML and that's why we are sort of in this situation. So the supervisory teams have to do a full assessment and make sure they understand where you are and then everything else is relatively standard in an application process. So we are really focused on particularly making sure that we all get a clear picture of where both firms are from a supervisory perspective.
René F. Jones: No. No. look I think actually – couple of things are – I will restate a couple of things. We know what happens this fall we are not done with the work that we need to do. We are under a written agreement. It will take a long time to get out from that written agreement and what we are dealing with today in terms of the topic you are talking about is this really a unique and special circumstance. Our focus is really on continuing to build up that infrastructure and I can't – I mean, I think you can get this from other institutions as well but I can't express to you the amount of change that has gone on in the regulatory environment in particular as I look forward around information, information management structure of the data, and that is stuff that we will continue to make investments on to make sure that we sort of have this – sort of renewed focus on our restructure and our capabilities to manage risk. And my sense is that when we are done, we will look a lot different than we looked five years ago and we looked three years ago. And so I don't think that anywhere in our discussion is M&A and all that kind of stuff. We are very focused on the topic on hand and I think what we are dealing with right now is unique. We have got lot of work to do to demonstrate that we can sort of maintain our restructure.
René F. Jones: Yes. So okay. So what's similar now to say 2004 would be the amount of liquidity in the system enhanced by the Fed that there is no capital in the system as well. And that's similar. I mean if you remember when we were talking about then we are talking about the fact that it was really easy to raise money for hedge fund because everybody had all this excess cash that they couldn't find anywhere to invest because rights were low. That feels identical. I think what’s a little different though is sort of when I look at the underlying economies that we serve I don't think it's clear that those economies are as strong. So when I flip through the largest credits in our non-performing book I do not see one area. I see cuts across whether it would be people that are in the refining business, manufacturing business, baked goods, where you can run – I just did this yesterday, you run down its cuts across the economy so I don't think that there is as much underlying economic strength as we probably felt when we were back at that time. The good news is that what we are hearing is that sort of several of our regions are suggesting that the actual – there is a slowly improving underlying economic condition and we are hearing that almost across each of the footprint. The down side is for us is that people are stretching on terms, they are stretching on particular stuff deal structures and the one of that strikes me the most is that when we are stretching out going past ten years, or going out to ten years in terms of term structure. And particularly if you think about the idea that there is huge amounts of liquidity in the system, indirectly that means that asset prices are very, very high. And if that liquidity were to not be around, you start to wonder about looking at deals with the ten year structure and really whether they can sustain those higher rates and so forth. Upstate New York has been a wonderful place to be back then when they used to ask me well all your growth must be coming out of Baltimore because there is nothing going on in Buffalo, that is not true. That's a more stronger growth. We saw like 6% growth linked quarter annualized linked quarter there and in the New York city metropolitan area we saw 9% growth but as you get down to Baltimore that was very competitive. And so was Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is talking about the economy improving in the lot of different places but that the lending available is pretty in terms of place that’s sort of outside of our capabilities. To give you a sense we had one transaction which we lost which is an existing customer. It was priced at LIBOR plus 70 basis points and it was 15 year commitment which will be so far under water even before you consider the expenses in the efforts of the RM this doesn't make sense. So some days are similar, I think but that's the best I think I can tell you. We are watching it very closely though.
René F. Jones: Last year I would have said we have seen a lot of term new stuff going in, old stuff going out. This year I think we are seeing improvements. So the credits are they are – and quite frankly, the majority of them are actually paying. So we are receiving interests payments under the terms, it's just that they weren’t in the original terms. And then a small subset but it's always sort of helpful to kind of look at where they sit. And again a couple of years back, obviously they would have been for us in residential development and that stuff from – in those portfolios but now it's more evenly spread across the various economy.
René F. Jones: Well, we made a lot of progress essentially what's difficult about the talking about the ratio is that if you were looking at balance sheet for the rules and get through all that, I mean we are pretty much there but we tend to take maybe a little bit more of a conservative view. We throw out the cash, large cash balances and those things and I think we are sort of what I would characterize is as we do that more conservative view we are in striking distance. I think we are doing that with basically five more quarters to go. The only reason we haven’t really closed that out is because we have some time to be opportunistic about the types of paper we are buying and to do that maybe over little longer period. But that's the best way I can characterize it.
René F. Jones: Yes that's the way to think about it. The phase in 90% the estimate and the proposal was 80, that's now been moved out a year and moved to 90. So we are all in striking distance of all that where we intend to be and again that's we are taking a very conservative view. We are not counting large amounts, large amounts of the cash that we have sitting on for institutional type things and so forth.
René F. Jones: I would say we are definitely on track, we are probably ahead and there is always in adversity right, one of the things that I think we learned we were really impressed at how much progress the team could make and how the circumstances sort of forced the team to work more closely together to provide a full service to the relationship so we did all the stuff without branches. So we think we have learned something there and all of that has been very positive, we are very, very pleased with what the team has done in New Jersey and I would say it's ahead of pace from the original schedule that we had planned.
René F. Jones: No. No. It's ahead of the original plan despite the fact that we did – there has been delay. So that's gone really well. And quite frankly, if I were to think about how you do this I think I remember talking back then about how that works when you go into a market a lot of times as you try to build relationships you get a little bit more business on the CRE side but I don't think that's really the case. I think we have done nice job on both CRE middle market, business banking as well, and the business banking in particular is impressive when you don't have a branch network.
