James E. Parisi: So with the Dow and with JV and the sale of CMA as part of that JV, it's all embedded in the guidance, the expense guidance that I gave you for the second half of $595 million. The area that of that -- those particular ones will impact the most will be on the compensation line, the amortization of intangible line. And on the license fee line, you'll actually see an increase in license fees as a result of that due to that profit sharing that I noted earlier.
James E. Parisi: Yes, sure, Howard. It's hard -- I can't give you an exact answer. There's certainly -- we've been fairly active in doing smaller bolt-on acquisitions. So that will -- we'll use some of that cash for that and continue to do so. But that said, there is a significant amount that we've already generated through the first half of the year. We'll continue to generate through the second half, and we will look to, as we always say, look to return a significant portion of that excess to the shareholders. One thing that we are considering and thinking about is keeping our eye on the tax loss as it relates to that fixed dividend and seeing whether it would make sense to pull it forward into this year if the tax laws progress the way that they are currently written.
James E. Parisi: Yes, that's right. It's a good question. It is an ongoing process. We're looking for continuous improvement in the rates. The fact is that the vast majority of our assets and intellectual property and all else has been developed here in the United States. So that really does limit our ability to have any tax placed outside the U.S. A lot of those companies that you do reference that -- have strategies were they have acquired businesses outside the U.S., property outside the U.S. to drive income, that's allocated outside the U.S. Still, cash balances are outside the U.S., but they're not able to repatriate, and therefore, return to shareholders. So there's -- it's a lot of moving parts and a lot of things to consider as we continue analyzing our tax situation. I'd say the biggest potential opportunity for us, I'd say we are the poster child here in the U.S. for a reduction in corporate taxes. So corporate tax reform in the U.S. would be, I'd say, the best potential for us.
James E. Parisi: Yes. The program, we implemented it last quarter, and it’s done in terms of people subscribing to it. Most folks that are still on the payroll and are subscribed, they're going to transition off over the coming months. I'd say on the decrease that you saw in headcount in this quarter was really driven by the CMA and other -- to settle the CMA business. Some of the Dow Jones headcount came off this quarter. More to come next quarter. And we also, obviously, have been trying to keep it as efficient as we can across our core. So really, we haven't seen a decrease from the voluntary incentive program yet in terms of headcount. It is a -- I'd say the number is a more modest number.
James E. Parisi: Yes, this is Jamie. We're still at the $700 million range. We're keeping an eye, see how some of the capital requirements develop. But we're -- right now, we're comfortable with the $700 million.
James E. Parisi: Yes, sure. This is Jamie. Our view hasn't changed all that much. I'd say we're still -- we still don't see much in the way of major significant M&A around the globe for all the reasons that we've gone through before. There will be opportunities for smaller-size, I'd say, or medium-size like you saw with LME to come take a look and review the opportunity. So we'll continue to be opportunistic, but our view really hasn't changed, and we'll continue to be very disciplined in our approach.
James E. Parisi: Yes. This is Jamie again. It's obviously a very important constituency. And we did open up the fund, as you pointed out, for those impacted at Peregrine. And our early read on it is that the impact on CME is not a material impact to our financials.
James E. Parisi: I think it's something that we're certainly going to evaluate. We'll analyze it. We'll talk with our Board about it. And as that develops, certainly we would inform the markets.
James E. Parisi: Yes, this is Jamie. Good question. We do continue to see some diminishment in the number of terminals out there. And I think it's really driven by cost cutting on the street as people are looking to become more efficient. They're always looking to reduce their terminals. That's one of the areas they can do it. You're seeing this across all the exchanges, actually. But that said, the price increases that we've been able to put through over the last several years have been outpacing the decrease in the terminals. And we would expect that as -- when market starts to repair and there's more hiring going on, then we'll start -- we'll see those terminals come back out.
James E. Parisi: The total capital outlay, when we originally bought the Dow, was in the $600 million range. And we typically look to get a return on our capital in the, call it, 10% to 12% range, usually a little in excess of the 10% to 12%. They're kind of a hurdle.
James E. Parisi: No, I think you're right. It's not quite accretive in the way we've laid it out here for you. Something to consider is that over time, the equity market's been under pressure, assets under management have fallen, that sort of thing. The other thing to consider is that the deal is both an investment and a JV but also extending our license fee agreement with them. And anytime you go to negotiate and extend the license fee agreement, almost by definition that, that negotiation will end up in a dilutive transaction, if you already have that book of business right, as they look to raise rates and that sort of thing. So in some sense, dilution is tied to the licensing side of it. But I think long-term benefits and locking up -- locking down that license for as long as we own the JV. And the dilution here is really very -- not at all material to the overall CME Group.
James E. Parisi: I'd say we have -- there's obviously a lot of operating leverage in our business model that cuts both ways, right. So it's very difficult to naturally decrease expenses as volumes are not as strong as they've been in the past. But you have seen us taking a lot of -- making a very strong effort to be very disciplined. We'll continue to do that if there is a point. There are a couple of items that are volume-related in our expenses. Licensee fee and incentive program expense obviously fall under that category as does our bonus. And there is a point at which the bonus hits the cliff where if we perform below a certain level of 20% below our target for the year, that there will be no bonus payments. So that's a natural mitigant. But other than that, I'll say that we'll just -- we're going to continue to be as disciplined as possible while also keeping our eye on the future. This is -- for us, we view this as a cyclical downturn, and we're operating in that mindset.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think what you're going to see is the mandate will kick in, it seems, to us in February of next year. What you're going to see, because we're talking about thousands of accounts that are going to come on board, the ramp-up period is definitely going to be in full gear in the fourth quarter of this year. And as I said a short while ago, we are seeing many accounts that are already now preparing to launch. And in the last 2 weeks especially, we've seen activity coming into us. So a safe assumption would be you're going to start seeing mostly serious clearing beginning around the end of the third quarter, and the fourth quarter is going to be very busy for everybody.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure. This is Gill, and I'll ask Jim to chime in if he has anything to add. I think with the finalization of the agreement with the dealers, it simply formalizes all the activity that has been going on up to this point in time, which both of us have taken on a good-faith basis. I think the dealers will continue to work with the buy sides just like we are working with them and the buy side. And keep in mind, for every one of these, that the buy side, there's a sell side transaction also associated with it. So the dealers are clearing here. And as capital efficiencies become more of an issue, which is actually here, especially when Basel 3 kicks in as a requirement. I think the rational thing to do is to work efficiently to lower the capital.
Phupinder S. Gill: If I can just add and stress one thing. This is not a proposal, but it is an idea that we floated out there a few days ago with the intended purpose exactly as Terry pointed out. It is very specifically to restore confidence in the marketplace and in our actions. We clearly recognize that the vast majority of our FCMs have done a phenomenal job handling the client funds, and this, in no way, shape, or form, indicts any one of them. This is simply very specifically to restore the confidence that we know has been lost as a result of the rogue actions of 2 firms.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I think a couple of assumptions that you have to make, and I think these assumptions are good assumptions. The vast majority of the FCMs that we have are handling the customer funds in the right way. As you rightly point out, it's a straight component. It's a very large part of the business model of the FCMs. It is something that we're extremely sensitive to and have begun conversations with them with respect to how to best handle this confidence issue. It may be the highly restrictive investment policies that are in place now would be a very good engaging factor for these guys. There are several banks, as you might know, that are part of the infrastructure of our system, and those banks may get involved. And so if those banks do get involved, they tend to be considered as an independent third party, and they, instead of us, might be an alternative choice. The important thing, as Terry pointed out a short while ago, is to not change or harm the FCM business model as it exists now. There are -- to your point a short while ago, there are going to be continued pressures on the FCMs, but the 3 big things that we are focused on with respect to this issue is: number one, to restore the confidence; number two, to make sure that the FCMs continue to be able to operate their businesses as they do now; and the third piece, which we have heard from our firms, has been to lower the back office cost for our firms.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I think in all our markets, as we face competition, we have to respond, and we are doing exactly that.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think if you look some of the things that I've said earlier on, we are introducing CME Direct. And that just launched a short while ago. There are certain incentives that we have put in place. And those have taken hold. If you look at the performance of our options market, particularly in the last few months, a lot of that volume has started to come back to us in terms of the fundamentals. There are certain fundamentals that are driving the oil markets back to its TI, and I think if you look at where the options market is going, the incentives that are put in place, the system solutions that we put in place would all contribute to growing the market for CME, including bringing some of the volume, if not all of it, back. I think some of us compete on the basis of price and some of us compete on the basis of the value that we add on the portfolio basis.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I just want to emphasize something that Derek mentioned, which is that the gross margin future that we are offering here is unique in the sense that it is not replicated, not able to be replicated by anybody. So you can't offer lower price here to get gross margin offsets, for example. You need the open interest. And that's what we have here. And as more of the swap trades come onboard, it becomes more capital efficient for our client base to actually put that rate here.
Phupinder S. Gill: All right. This is Gill. I'll start and then I'll let Derek to add some details. This contract is too important for us not to continually adjust it or pay attention to it. It's one of the flagship contracts that CME has.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in CME, and have a great day.
Terrence A. Duffy: Gill, can you hear me? Alex, what I would say to that, and I testified -- I said this yesterday in Washington, is it's just not something that CME wants to do as far as holding the customer funds. We are not trying to impact this soon [ph] or remediate or anything of that nature of their model, realizing very much so that the percentages that you outlined are correct. At the same time, there has been 2 major events in our industry. Some have come to us looking for different solutions. This has been raised. What we had said in the release the other day is that we would have been prepared to work with the industry. We don't have all the mechanisms how it would work, but the important thing is we do not want to disrupt the FCM model. So this would not be a profit generator for CME Group. And again, what we're trying to do is just, again, build the confidence back into the marketplace for the clients, which they deserve. So that's really what we are trying to do here. The last thing we want to do is to have any notion of whether they were trying to disintermediate the FCMs, or holding their customer funds.
Terrence A. Duffy: Howard, what I think is pretty fascinating, too, is I know LIBOR has come under a lot of scrutiny. And I agree with everything Gill and Derek have said. And I do believe that we will remain a preeminent benchmark. And just to add a little bit of credibility to this, some of the people that are crying the loudest are still using it, and that would be the United States federal government. The Fed still uses LIBOR as it makes its loans today. So they use that as a reference point when they make their loans. So I do believe that this will still continue to be the benchmark going forward.
Terrence A. Duffy: If I could just add to what Gill said, Michael. I think we have said this historically because it's true. The cheapest part of transactions in the futures industry are the cost of execution. And what drives the real benefits is the type they offer. So even though the cost of trading is down significantly, even if there was an uptick in cost by the FCMs, it would still be a -- the user would still be a main benefit because that is still the lowest cost of the trade. The slippage is where the real big cost comes in. So I don't see that as a real big impediment even if their model was to be impacted and competitively raised up to offset some of their revenue losses.
Terrence A. Duffy: And just to add to that, Jamie, I think, Michael, when you hear about the fiscal cliff coming at the end of the year and how we're going to deal with that, one of the trading blocks, for lack of a better term, has been the corporate tax rate. And I think the Democratic side of the aisle is that, that's one of the ones that they'd like to use to modify to get other revenues up on other sides. So to Jamie's point, that could be our biggest benefit because that could be the one they could use to trade.
Derek Sammann: Yes, that's a good question. Let me jump in also. I think what you're speaking to is our track record of successful product development, so product extensions. And when you look at what we have talked about in the last couple of years, the products we put on a curve, whether it's the Ultra Bond or the Weekly Treasury Options, the Mid-Curve Options, not to mention the service development that you've heard Kim and Gill refer to around the swaps currencies, so we think that as we continue to look at points on the curve and look at various products, various opportunities, we're going to continue to put products out there to speak about client demand, whether it's across the curve, or in terms of different products open to us as a result of OTC clearing. So you'll be hearing more from us. Kim did mention about the cross-margin opportunity for a range complex as a whole in swaps. That was rolled out, as Gill mentioned, on May 7. We're seeing people take up opportunities on that. We hope to have that provided out to customers over the coming months as well. So we look at this as a suite of products and services, and our track record of new product development and product extensions I think puts us in a good place, listening to our clients and putting product ideas out there to serve their needs.
Derek Sammann: Sure. This is Derek. Thanks for your question. I think you're seeing a lot of this driven by the rates environment right now. I mean, you've heard us talk to you over the last couple of quarters about what's going on in the kind of the Front 2 contracts or the first 2 years of Eurodollars versus the Back 8. We're continuing to see in what we call the whites and the reds, or year 1 and year 2, both volumes and OI continue to contract. Certainly, what you saw on June 20, when the Fed announced the additional $400 billion in Twist and most likely pushing out rate rises out into late 2014, early 2015, that's continuing to be a drag on the very front of the Eurodollar curve. What we are seeing, and we've seen this trend for the last 18 months, and Gill referred to this, is we are still seeing good growth in years 3, 4 and 5. Now that being said, it's not fully offsetting the dropoffs in both volumes and open interest in years 1 and 2. Where we are seeing strong growth in open interest is both foreign exchange and agricultural products, and this is really driven by -- you saw a lot of the risk on appetite going into the Greek elections over the course of the first couple of weeks in June. We hit multiple open interest records at about 2.3 million contracts on June 7. We're also seeing significant growth in the ag complex. Volumes are up, and open interest is up, and that's clearly indicated to us that the market's continuing to come to CME and risk manage on the basis of what's going on here. So rates up. If you look at the 2012, the full year, June is up 7%. Rates were up 6%. Equities were up 21%. We haven't spoken much about equity so far. Energy at 3%. And as we mentioned, ag and metals up 17% and 18%. So I think we are seeing the bulk of the dropoff from the front end of the Eurodollar curve. We are making part of that up in the middle part of the curve, but it's not fully offsetting.
Derek Sammann: Yes, this is Derek. I'll pick that one up. Yes, we haven't seen any direct correlation of the conversations around LIBOR directly impacting Eurodollar. What we're seeing is a continuation of the trend we've seen for 18 months, which is the Front 2 quarter, the Front 2 annuals, the whites and the reds or year 1, year 2 dropping off both in volume and ADV terms being partially offset by years 3, 4 and 5. So there is a couple of data points also I'll let you in. When you look at the growth of the 3-, 4- and 5-year, for example, we're actually now seeing significant growth with all the golds, which is the fifth year. In fact, on July 6, we just hit a record of 340,000 contracts in the Gold Mid-Curve Options. And this is the story that we told you a year ago in terms of what we're seeing from the blues. And that was falling from the greens. So what we're seeing, really interest and volatility further pushing out the curve, following Twist, following the expectations that weaker global economies will most likely push this further out, forcing that impact on the front end of the Eurodollar curve. In terms of the client's acquisition opportunities, you've heard each one of us talk about the clearing opportunities and across the margin offsets. We're also looking at the impact of the 1-day versus 5-day margin they may [ph] set up by CFTC. And what we're looking at is as we are seeing rules, clarifications, as we're seeing definitions lock down and now service starting at the cost for Q1 kick off, what we're actually seeing is using opportunities to talk to customers, not just about clearing but the potential to migrate customers directly in the future. So many of our conversations are walking into firms to talk about how we can provide OTC clearing for you as a direct result of the mandate, but we're using that opportunity to introduce futures in the equation as well. It's one of the scenarios that Gill talked about as an opportunity set for us. So if we see this in conjunction with the growth of our global sales force and what we've created and talked to you guys about in the last 18 months, as client acquisition opportunities, we're leveraging our broader suite of services beyond just exchange-rate derivatives and then the benefits across margin that accrue right now at house accounts, and we hope to have those accrued clients over the course of the coming months.
Derek Sammann: Yes, I think that's a great point. And I would say we're continuing looking at ways that we can adjust, affirm and certainly streamline any other major products that we trade, particularly our benchmark products. And we would probably point to the CFTC's order and statements made a number of weeks ago as to the impact in the import that the global regulators are placing on, making sure that this remains a robust market mechanism for the long term to come. I would also just note that not only, as Gill mentioned, do we have our Eurodollar contracts but our Treasuries contracts and our Fed funds futures, which are trading about 30,000 contracts a day, and that's a product that already has significant open interest, about 500,000 contracts in the futures and about another 300,000 contracts in options outstanding as well. So not only do we have an existing suite of products beyond just Eurodollar and the certain [ph] complex, we also think that level of imports placed by the federal regulators, I think, just only enhances the long-term viability of this product over time.
Derek Sammann: Yes. So I think what we're really going to focus on is what we're doing and how we're positioning ourselves on the OTC clearing side. This is a new opportunity to be able to access and expand our customer base with a broader suite of services. This is about customer choice. This is about providing the customer the option in terms of the product of choice, the risk tool of choice and the source of the choice and the risk mitigants. We've talked about the ability to walk in and talk to a customer about the suite of services and the cross-margining capabilities available to that customer. That's highly attractive to customers that are already trading our futures and trade swaps already, and this is an opportunity to be able to really put the focus on the clearing side of the business and represent ourselves to provide the best of those clearing services into that customer base. With a clarity of the definitions coming through over the last couple of weeks and starting to clock for what we believe to be a mid-Q1 implementation and take-up, as you've heard Gill talk about before early in the conversation, they are beyond the sea of clients that are clearing in a pre-mandate world with us right now. There's a significant number of clients that are already through -- that have completed the testing phase and are simply waiting for the day to kick off. So we see that beginning to ramp up over the course of Q4, and we see -- at a pre-mandate point, I think you'll see a more significant jump in terms of those that have simply said, "I'll do everything I have to, to be prepared but will most likely do very little until the day that I have to clear." So we're spending our time with the customers, making sure that they are ready and able at the point where it puts over.
