James E. Parisi: Thanks, Gill, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was a excellent quarter in many respects. Volume was up 16% compared to second quarter last year. Sequentially, volume was up 15%, and total revenue was up 14%. While revenue was up almost $100 million sequentially, expenses were up only $9 million, reflecting an incremental margin of 90%. Let me start the Q2 discussion with revenue. The rate per contract for the first quarter was $0.748, down from $0.785 last quarter. The largest driver was product mix. While we saw volume increases across all of the product lines, lower average fee products, like our interest rate contracts, saw a 21% volume growth versus 10% for all other products. The next largest driver of the lower average rate in Q2 was volume discounts, which impacted us in rates and FX, with the volume surge from March to June. And lastly, we continued to aggressively incent growth in our energy products. Second quarter other revenues was $24 million, which included $5 million of business interruption insurance claims related to the coordinated market closure due to Hurricane Sandy last year. Moving on, total second quarter operating expenses was $308 million, including a foreign exchange benefit of $1.6 million. Additionally, as a result of volume and revenue growth, we saw sequential increases of $6 million in license fees and $5 million in our Q2 bonus accrual. Breaking down operating expense in more detail. Compensation and benefits was $129 million, down slightly from the prior quarter. Lower payroll-related benefit costs and vacation accruals followed the normal seasonal pattern, dropping from Q1, and were offset by the higher bonus expense I just mentioned. Headcount at the end of the quarter was approximately 2,680, up 65 during the quarter, primarily driven by customer-facing hires in products and services and clearing, along with additional technology employees added in Northern Ireland. Overall, our teams are committed to being as efficient as we can on the cost front, even as macro conditions improve. We saw our operating margin during the quarter improve to more than 62%, up significantly from Q1. Turning to nonoperating income. As we indicated on the last earnings call, we recorded 2 dividends from BVMF, totaling $15.6 million. Equity in gains in unconsolidated subsidiaries was $20.2 million, with $21.4 million coming from the S&P Dow Jones joint venture. The uptick was driven by our increase in ownership, as well as the increase in equity volume and completion of the integration of the 2 businesses. Turning to taxes. The effective tax rate was consistent with Q1 at approximately 38.7%. On the balance sheet, we had more than $2 billion of cash and marketable securities following 2 tax payments during the quarter. $750 million of this cash will be used today to pay down maturing debt that we had pre-funded late last year. As a result, we expect interest expense to drop approximately $3.4 million per month as we eliminate the double carry. During the second quarter, capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $36 million, bringing us to $55 million so far this year. In terms of guidance, we expect 2013 expense to range from $1.25 billion to $1.26 billion. The expansion of the range is being driven by volume performance, which impacts the variable expenses I mentioned earlier. In terms of specific line items, I expect compensation to be higher in the second-half, driven by new hires, higher professional fees based on growth-oriented projects we are working on and higher other expense due to back-end loaded marketing and customer events. Turning to CapEx guidance. We are lowering our guidance to $140 million. That's the lower end of the previously provided range. In summary, we continue to focus on investing for the future. In particular, we have positioned ourselves to fully take advantage of the changing regulatory and competitive landscape, as well as the medium-term favorable cyclical trends. As always, while investing in our future, we also remain intensely focused on generating excess capital and returning it to our shareholders. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. As we did last quarter, given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Please feel free to get back in the queue if you have further questions. Thank you.
James E. Parisi: Sure, this is Jamie. I'll start. In Q1, the interest rate average rate per million was about $2.75. In the current quarter, it's about $2.38. Remember, we're going through the whole transition as we're going through Phase 1 and Phase 2. The mix of the high turnover volume in that was variable between those quarters. So it's going to take some time for us to get to a steady state to see what that's going to be. And if you look at the July -- July, we're probably -- we've picked up some. Volume in the area of $2.60-ish in July on interest rate swaps. So we're starting some tick back up in that rate.
James E. Parisi: Sure, Neve. When you think about the NYMEX building, it's probably about half the size of the Board of Trade building. So that's one thing to think about in comparison. Obviously, it's in a market where values are a bit higher. So you can put those sorts of things together as you think about the value it could be. And I think we will hopefully have an answer by the end of this year in terms of whether or not we're going to sell it. And if the decision is to sell it, then I believe it will be done by the end of this year. So it would be in that -- the cash would be available for the variable dividend. The other thing to keep in mind is that it has a very, very low basis on our books from a tax perspective that we inherited from NYMEX, so there would be some taxes -- tax impact on it as well.
James E. Parisi: Dan, this is Jamie. If you look back historically, prior to the economic crisis, it was probably roughly every 18 months or so that we would look and evaluate the tiers. But it's driven by market conditions. So going forward, it's something that we'll continue to keep our eye on. If we're -- the tiers are getting to a point where people are meeting them when they wake up in the morning, then we'll look to see whether or not we should be adjusting them. So this is something that we actively keep an eye on.
James E. Parisi: I'll start. One of the things that we're really able to sell as a very strong value proposition, and I tried to allude to it earlier, was the spreading capabilities. And what I didn't focus on is the capital efficiencies and the margin savings associated with those spreads. And so now that we have a fairly strong critical mass in terms of volume and open interest, particularly on the Brent side of things, you're really able to latch into those spreads and be able to bring that value proposition to those end users. And yes, we are absolutely seeing those benefits pay off in the context of utilization and pickup in the spread and the capital efficiencies. And we believe that, that's going to just continue to take on more traction.
James E. Parisi: Sure. On the first question, in terms of the equities rate, what you're seeing there was a little bit of upward pressure on rate. It's just a member, non-member mix issue. So you're seeing non-member growth faster than member growth in that category in the last quarter. So that helped push that rate up a bit. So that was the key driver there. On the expense guidance side, it's really -- that change in the guidance putting the range out there, it's very much tied to the variable expenses that are out there, our license fees and our bonuses. Now obviously, if there was a situation where volumes fell off, those things will also decline and would help move us back down to the lower end of that range. And depending on where the volumes were, potentially down through that range. Now saying all that, we've been very diligent around expenses, so there's not a lot of additional room there to continue to pare. We've done everything that we can and we continue to look for areas to become more efficient. But I wouldn't say that there's some large pools of expenses that are out there that we could easily reduce if volumes came in. So as we've said before, we want to be careful not to cut into the muscle because we do believe that there's a lot of growth opportunities in front of us, and we don't want to shortchange those.
James E. Parisi: So on the first one, our approach, from a sales perspective, is to be able to offer the totality of product for the client to be able to manage their risk. So as we're in talking to those that are traditionally non-users of the futures markets but they have an interest rate swap portfolio that they need to clear, it's an opportunity and an entrée for us to, first of all, take care of the main issue at hand and provide them with those clearing facilities, but also introduce them to the efficiencies and liquidities of our interest rate portfolio from the exchange traded side of it. And we've done a lot to build tools that is very -- that we leave for these clients to really reflect on after we spend our time with them, helping them understand how they can better utilize their capital, capitalize on margin efficiencies. And they can run their portfolios through these varieties of tools so that they can see very tangible evidence on their side to say, "Yes, this definitely does make sense for us and for our portfolio." And then we follow up, and we bring them in. And so I can't give a perspective in terms of what the volume growth will be on the futures side of it, but I can absolutely say that we're seeing greater usage on the futures side, not only from new clients, but from pre-existing clients that, as they're bringing those OTC products in for clearing, we're seeing an uplift in their activity on the futures side.
James E. Parisi: Yes, we've seen some continued pressure on the terminal count, basically due, as we said before, to tightening of employment on Wall Street and the efficiencies that firms are looking for there, but also tied to incentives that we -- legacy incentives that we've offered over time. So we're taking a look at the full picture going forward to see where and how we can drive more value out of that business.
James E. Parisi: Just on the access and communication fee revenue line, it's behaving as we said we believed it would at the end of -- when we gave the guidance at the end of the last -- at the end of Q4. So nothing of note there.
James E. Parisi: I'd say it's unclear, because remember the $5 to $6 base was for the customer set -- the pure customer set that aren't the higher turnover folks, the high turnover folks we put that incentive pricing in for. And obviously, the mix is going to be something less than the $5 to $6. And as we said earlier, it's not clear yet when and if we'll take those incentives off. So still an open question. But the $5 or $6, as we moved through the process and learned more, it was really tied much more to a particular customer set versus those high turnovers.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, with respect to the second part of your question, we have been extremely consistent, in that our focus was going to be on the clearing of swaps because it was going to be very beneficial to our client base with respect to margin offset. And to the extent that the client had additional needs, such as the Deliverable Swap Futures, we will roll such products out too. So what we are doing and what we are executing on is extremely consistent with what we have been saying.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure. Howard, I'll take a crack at that. We did significant due diligence on this when the opportunity first arose. And we made the determination there was not much of an opportunity there to serve as an administrator. The existing license that we have from the BBA, that will continue to be in force, even under the new administrator. The new regulation in the U.K. around LIBOR that was implemented earlier this year, it's clear that all the entities must have open access to the benchmark. So we don't expect the non-exclusive license for either Euribor or LIBOR to change that will provide any kind of advantage to any administrator. So there was no -- there did not seem to be any particular upside for us.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I'll start, and Bryan or Bob might want to add. I think we're actively working with the Category 2 clients, who are coming directly to us from a non-cleared solution that they were currently in. For the Category 1 clients, they are the ones that are moving their open interest from the LCH to us, principally because of the capital efficiencies that they see, and other product development opportunities that they might have down the road. Keep in mind that even though this is an OTC-cleared solution for both LCH and ourselves, LCH simply accepts OTC swaps as they come in to them. CME actively also launches futures products that will add to the capital efficiencies that most of our clients need. That's a very important differentiator as we go down the road between what LCH will provide to their client base versus what CME can provide to the same clients.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I will start. I think once August 26 comes along, we will have the full suite of products that are out there. There are some products that are -- have traditionally been labeled as not clearable swaptions, is one such product that is out there. We are working very actively with both the banks, as well as the buy-side, to try and solve these issues to see if they indeed can be solved so they can -- we can bring in more capital efficiencies to our client base. In the meantime, in terms of the size of the product that come on in or the amount of product that we have cleared, I think by the time you get to the end of the second quarter of next year, the vast majority of the products would have been cleared. And then the only remaining question at that point is what is the most capital-efficient place for you to pass the open interest that you might have? So you have the euro dollar portfolio that we have here. You have the treasury complex, you have the billable swaps, huge futures that we have. You have all the product development opportunities that lie ahead of us versus the OTC swaps that we are now beginning to actually clear. So you would get a clearer sense of what that universe looks like by the middle of next year, I believe. In terms of pricing and random pricing incentives would actually go away and fade, and we can start to look at this on more of a normalized run rate basis, I think it's fair also to wait until we have the vast majority of all the swaps in to us.
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, this is Gill. If I can add to what Bryan said. I think Bryan also talked about this a short, while ago. The key driver in getting more Brent is that it helps the entire suite that we have. If you look at a classic product launch that is new, I think a reasonable threshold of open interest and volume would be about 30,000 to 40,000. The point that we are making is we have achieved that. We have surpassed that in a very short period of time. The more important piece of this is the products around just the pure Brent, that has also seen a lift, the crack spreads, the TI, Brent trades, those things are actually growing. So we did use those so-called big words because it's a big deal. This has been occurring. It's been lifting the energy complex in a very significant way, and it's only the beginning. One of the questions that has been asked in the past is, when are you going to start charge for Brent? That's not a focus to us in any way, shape or form at this time. Building the entire complex, the energy suite across-the-board, across the 3 benchmarks that I articulated a short while ago, which no other exchange has, that is what we're trying to push for, between Omani, Brent and crude and the derivative products that are created from those, that is going to be the focus of our energy guidance.
Phupinder S. Gill: The number of commercials we have are actually growing and we will not share that number at this time.
Phupinder S. Gill: With respect to the question that you had on the growth outside of the U.S., keep in mind, Latin America is also an area of focus for us, although currently, the meaningful income is coming from both Europe and Asia. Europe, as you might know, has been a mainstay revenue base for us, and that has grown particularly in the last 5 to 6 years. That growth, with respect to the current products that are being offered, will continue both on the OTC front as well as on the core futures side. With respect to the new exchanges, we expect to be up and running sometime in the fall. It represents a different opportunity for a client base that would otherwise not trade in the U.S. With respect to Asia, we're talking about new clients that have not come into trading our core products yet. And in particular, China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore and a couple of other places will drive that growth. A couple of days ago, Nanhua Futures, one of the futures brokers in China, joined us as a full clearing member out of their office in Hong Kong. That is something that we have talked about over the course of the last 18 months with respect to Chinese FCMs looking to join us. Nanhua joins Bank of China International as the first 2 Chinese FCMs that have joined us, with a pipeline of more firms behind them. That is going to be part and parcel of the growth drivers of our products in Asia. A short while ago, I talked about the growth of the Nikkei 225. A lot of that liquidity is not just in the North American time zone, but also in the European and Asian time zone. With the addition of these additional FCMs and their client base, you can expect to see tighter liquidity spreads, both in Asia, as well as Europe. So there's different opportunity sets in Europe, as well as in Asia, both of them targeting the core, and Europe having the additional element of folks looking at the OTC clearing solution that we have, too.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thanks very much, guys. As I said a short while ago, there's a lot of work left to be done, and we look forward to talking to you guys next quarter. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy: It's Terry Duffy. Let me just chime in because I think this is an important topic that a lot of people aren't picking up on right now, and that is a lot of the dealer community that are being under a lot of scrutiny as it relates to the physical trading of commodities and metals and things of that nature. What they have said is that they're going to use other derivative products, such as futures and others, to get the exposure to the market versus what they used to use in the cash market. So I actually see this as potentially a net positive for us to continue to offer up deep liquid markets for them to do their risk management needs. So I don't see this affecting us in any way, shape or form.
Terrence A. Duffy: It's Terry Duffy. I'm not quite sure what changes at the commission we're going to see yet. There's been a lot of speculation as to whether the Chairman will maintain his position or not. There's speculation that other commissioners, whether be there or not. We do know that Commissioner Summers is the only one that's announced to date and has left. So that's the only one for sure that we know is going to be changed. So the rest of it is purely speculation on the makeup of what the commissioners is going to look like. I think some of the issues that we're going to look going forward over the next several months are on some of the cross-border issues that we have still yet to be resolved. They were, as you know or may not know, they were punted for 70 to 75 days as of last July 15. And one of the big issues is 1-day margin in the United States versus 2-day margin in Europe. We do twice daily mark-to-market where Europe only does it once a day. So essentially, we do have 2-day margin. I think there's a misdirect on margin and people are using it as a political scapegoat in the regulatory environment, because our margin is based on risk-based according with the product, not just on days. The days is just a minimum. But I do think that, that is one of the issues that will take center stage. The other issue could be the residual interest issue for some of our smaller FCMs, which could be a problem for them. So we're working very closely with the smaller FCMs and the commission to make certain that they don't get into a situation where the cost of doing business with the American agricultural community and others is going to be impacted. So I think those are 2 of the big pressing issues over the next several months.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, I just came back, and so did Gill. I was in Europe and Gill was in Asia. One of the pressing things that I heard from all the clients was a concern about access to U.S. markets and to make certain that they would have that ability to do so. I do believe that the participants in both Europe and the United States will have enough pressure on their regulators to make sure that there's a harmonized regulatory environment so everybody can use these global markets to do their risk management. So I do think that cooler heads will prevail and the regulators would come up with a solution that makes sense for everybody. I think, right now, we're still, I hate to say it, but we're in kind of a silly season in Washington right now and people are getting ready to go out, and there's not much going on. So we'll get more clarity as we get into September.
