John W. Pietrowicz: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased with our results this quarter with revenue up over 8% and expenses down 2% compared with Q1 last year, driving operating margins above 62% for the quarter, our best result in the last few years. Adjusted EPS came in at $0.98, up 18% for the quarter compared to a strong Q1 last year. We saw a nice performance in our core futures, OTC clearing and market data revenue. I'll start with some revenue details. The rate per contract for Q1 was $0.753, up from $0.731 last quarter. The main driver of the increase was a shift in product mix, with an increased proportion of total volume coming from higher-priced commodity products. Specifically, we saw an approximate 2% shift from equity to energy products. Our transaction fee increase went into effect in February, and we have 2 months at the higher level in our first quarter RPC. OTC swaps revenue totaled $20 million for the quarter, up 53% versus Q1 last year. During the first quarter, we captured $129 per IRS cleared trade, which is consistent with what we've seen in the past, but down from Q4. We cleared approximately 2,370 trades per day in Q1, the highest level we have seen so far. Market data revenue of $98 million was up 10% versus Q1 last year, driven primarily by the elimination of our fee waiver program, which we have discussed the last few quarters. As a reminder, we began charging $42.50 per month for professional traders, who are grandfathered. And we also captured $6 per month on average per screen for nonprofessional traders. In Q1, we accrued for approximately 150,000 new screens, with approximately 1/3 of those at the higher professional level and 2/3 came in as nonprofessionals. It will likely take a few quarters to get to a steady state in terms of market data revenue, and we may see a drop from those $98 million level this quarter as customers settle into the new pricing structure. Adjusted expenses in Q1 were $317 million, down $8 million from Q1 last year. We are very focused on driving efficiency throughout the organization, and eliminating redundancy to improve agility and customer responsiveness. Virtually every expense category came down with the exception of Technology Services and volume-related license fees. At the same time, we continue to rollout significant number of new offerings, which Gill outlined. At the end of Q1, we had 2,670 employees, down about 15 people from year-end and down 90 relative to this point last year driven by our October restructuring. Our compensation ratio for the quarter was 15.9%, down from more than 17% the last 2 years. Turning to taxes, the effective rate for the quarter was 36.6%. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had nearly $1.8 billion in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities. During the quarter, we issued a 10-year bond totaling $750 million at 3%, replacing debt that was going to mature in 2018. We also upsized our revolving credit facility from $1.75 billion to $2.25 billion. During Q1, our interest expense totaled $31 million, which was higher than Q4 primarily due to the double carry. We paid off the 2018 bond in April, and our quarterly run rate for interest expense will drop to approximately $29 million by the second half of the year. If we adjust for the bond transaction we completed on April 8, we had approximately $1.1 billion of total cash at the end of Q1. That leaves $400 million above the $700 million we target in terms of a minimum cash level. So far this year, we've paid out over $800 million in total dividends. During the first quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $27 million. In summary, the first quarter of 2015 demonstrated the leverage in our business model. The entire management team continues to focus on margin expansion with both top line growth and expense discipline. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question so we can get to everyone. Please feel free to get back into the queue if you have further questions. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. Dan, this is John. You're correct. We had the price increase impact which began in February and we achieved what we expected, which was approximately 1.5% increase in the RPC. The areas that really impacted us are product shift, where we had a heavier exposure to energy this quarter, which has a higher RPC. And then, as you could tell from RPC results, FX certainly was favorable with a -- again a positive member -- non-member -- I'm sorry, positive non-member proportion as well as the impact of the price increase.
John W. Pietrowicz: It's worth noting that our ADV is down 8%, which is less than other exchanges. If you recall, there is a Good Friday this month so our actual total volume's only down 4%. And assuming current RPC trends and if you apply that to our volume this quarter -- or this month, I should say, our revenue would be roughly flat.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, Chris, this is John. We are very happy with the Q1 results on expenses. We have really been focused on driving margin expansion and expense discipline in key areas that don't impact growth are a focus of ours. As it relates to kind of the back half of the year just in terms of expenses, we anticipate both depreciation and marketing coming in a little bit heavier towards the back half of the year, and so that's something that we're keeping our eye on. In terms of the impact on volumes and if volumes decrease, what you could do on the expense side, again, we would take a look at being very selective in our hiring. Obviously, the variable cost, both on the bonus side and on the license fee side, would come. And then, we will also take a look at any other kind of discretionary expenses and keep those in check. Just in terms of the guidance, we'll look forward to talking a little bit more about that in the second quarter as we get another quarter under our belt here.
John W. Pietrowicz: No. I mean, I think the key thing is the bonus level is based on -- based not only on performance, but also on the number of participants in the bonus pool. And as you saw, we're down 15 people since year-end, and down 90 versus last year. So we are being extremely selective in our go-forward hiring, which will impact the bonus level.
John W. Pietrowicz: Thanks, Gill. I'll just -- Alex, a couple of quick points to expand on what Gill is saying. As you're aware, the -- as customers come to the futures markets because they get better capital efficiencies, we have an opportunity to monetize the amount of collateral that they put up into our clearing house because they're able to generate value by putting their positions on in our markets. So as you look at our balance sheet, you'd see that our cash and performance bonds have increased from about $40 billion to about $45 billion. We were able to monetize that in 3 different ways: one, through IEF fees; second, through earning money on the cash float; and we've also implemented a new custody fee. So we were able to charge about $8.6 million net in Q1, which is up from net $7.2 million in Q4 for an increase of about 20%, and that's just another way we're able to help our customers get better capital treatment and then also to CME to benefit as well.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes. And the last time we provided it, Rob, was in 2010 and we think it's about the same. And banks are about less than 10% of the revenue.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes, thanks. Great question. We've -- we take every one of these competitive threats very seriously. We start with the customers, and our focal point, if you heard from us over many of the last quarters' calls has been servicing our customer base, understanding their pain points and addressing that with product capital efficiencies, upper efficiencies, et cetera. We have had no shortage of exchanges come in and try to look at sort of a me-too approach to copying our list of products and our competitor's list of products. What we have found is that unless you're solving a specific customer problem, unless you're creating a solution for a pain point or bottleneck in the operational margin side of the equation, then there's -- it's a -- you've got tough haul. In addition to that, you're seeing a move into an asset class to your point was 2 very robust competitive dynamic market participants already. So what we have found in the feedback from customers is the only value prop we have heard is we're cheaper. Now we've seen that before. We've seen no product differentiation, no technology differentiations, no margin efficiencies. So we're talking to our customers and saying, "If we're continuing to serve your needs, we will continue to move into new areas of service for you." So we take every one of these competitive threats seriously, but we're in the process of solving customer approaches. There is an analog here relative to a scene where NASDAQ went after a similar market, Anilex in Europe, thinking that there was an opportunity to bring together disconnected parts of the market with 2 already entrenched participants, and I think you've seen them really struggle. And there were a lot of stipends put out there to create a significant amount of volume. When those stipends disappeared, the volume disappeared. So this will keep us on our game, no question. We saw those volumes drop from over 100,000 ADV down to about 6,000 or 7,000 ADV. So we know this game. We understand the competitive threat. We take it as a form of flattery that we've got folks coming in thinking we've got fabulous products that they want as well. So we're focused on moving into servicing our clients in new ways. We're moving into new developing markets with new unique solutions like we're doing with our NBP and TTF products in CME Europe and other ways to serve our customer base. So that's -- we are absolutely acutely concerned about it. We've seen this before for the NYPC and other attacks, so we're taking it seriously.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, I think there is a lot of hope in both sides that we will get to an agreement. And I think Channing Massey [ph] is going to meet those European counterparts in a few days here. But I think the whole topic of equivalence has been taken very seriously by both sides. And I think the -- that the issue seemed to be centered around margining, customer margining, which is 2-day net versus 1-day gross. And I think when you're talking about the topic of equivalence, there will likely be a compromise. But I think, fundamentally, what Channing Massey [ph] said a few months ago, is the right point, that the U.S. is the gold standard. The U.S. exchange has helped create markets in London and all over the world. And so some of the things that we have in place, if you're looking at equivalence on a line-by-line basis, you have the U.S., for example, running full margin cycle twice a day. That does not happen in Europe. So if you're talking about margin period of risk, there are actually 2 margin periods of risk within a single day in the U.S. every single day, and that doesn't happen in Europe. And you cannot loan money to your clients. That doesn't happen in Europe. You have to collect money from your clients. That doesn't happen in Europe. But that debate seems to be centered on margin itself. And the levels of margin on the client side, which is the important side, on the client side in the U.S. on a gross margining basis, can be anywhere from 2x to 4x as large and then it would be on a net basis. We've heard some noise that it might be roughly equivalent. Roughly equivalent is not true. It's 2x or more. So we expect a compromise because we expect Channing Massey [ph] to make the same point that he made a few months ago, but I think just from of a factual base, there are a lot of differences there. The U.S. has fine-tuned their approach to customer protection far longer than anybody else.
Phupinder S. Gill: Michael, you used your one question per person quite effectively. I think you asked 3 or 4 things. And one of the questions you had asked was about the FCMs and how they're rationalizing their cost of the business. I think what you're seeing now is they're taking a very hard look across the cleared business and trying to figure out the effect of Basel and other capital charges that are being imposed on them, a rational way to pass these charges through. And I think one of the large banks recently announced a 75-basis-point charge on the collateral, that's being passed through to them as a way to offset some of these capital charges that they have. Now this emphasizes even more what Sean just talked about, which is portfolio margining. The more efficient a portfolio is, the less collateral that is required. The less collateral that we put that as required makes for less expensive proposition for the client base, and by extension, less of a capital charge issue that the banks might have.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure, Niamh. I think, the update -- this has been an extremely transparent issue that has been out in the press. So the update is, what you're reading in the press, there is a lot of call for skin in the game. And I think the education process began a few weeks ago, when we issued the white paper on who brings the risk to the table, who manages that risk, who has the skin in the game, where exactly is that skin in the game, what should change, why should it change, and what market conditions are driving the current skin in the game with respect to the guarantee fund. And if those market conditions occur and those eventualities occur, what are the things that regulators should be concerned about? Skin in the game would be one of them, but I would bet you it would be 100 on a long list of things you have to deal with because the whole argument behind the guarantee fund and being a SEDCO, a nearly defined SEDCO, we are systemically important and our requirements changed dramatically a few years ago from a cover 1 standard to a cover 2. So right now, we are talking about additional skin in the game for a smaller amount of skin in the game, when the largest 2 counterparties in the world have failed. That's amazing given some massive moves in the markets across the successive classes that we have. So it's an interesting debate, and we will continue to educate anybody that wants to be educated about this. And I think that the issues will play themselves out throughout the course of the year.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure, Christian, I'll be very happy to answer that. Portfolio margining announcing it, but not having anything to spread against is going to be an issue. So at CME, we've got our swaps portfolio, that is portfolio margined against our Eurodollars and treasuries, that leads to the 85% number that I have. The LCH -- I think they had the LIBOR and they don't have it anymore, it's an ICE. So the swaps that they are taking in has to be offset against something. And I'm not sure what that something is for LCH at this point. So I think that's about it. I hope I answered the question that you have.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, all, for joining us on this, our 50th earnings call. And we look forward to talking to all of you on the 51st. Thanks.
Derek Sammann: Yes, this is Derek here. If you actually look at what's going on globally in the energy market right now, it's an oversupply story. The oversupply story is very much a TI story. But when I actually look at the growth of our complex between ourselves and ICE, the overall story is being played out, an increasing market share of the world price discovery and certainly the question of price discovery taking place being driven by the Brent -- the TI side of the equation. If you look at the results between our energy complex versus their energy complex, I think ICE is up about 9% and we're up about 23%, 24% or so. In addition to kind of what we're seeing in the world focusing in on the TI side of the equation, we're also seeing out-performance of our options business. Our TI options, both in volumes and OI is increasing, not what you're seeing on the Brent side of the equation. So when we're actually seeing its volatile, clients tend to move their main products and we're seeing actually Brent participation down relative to TI. So we think that continues to play out and we think that the participation in our markets as we globalize our customer base has been very positive for us out of the story. And plus, if you look back at the trading, 95% of the days, TI trading is outpacing the volumes. They are trading on the ICE, Brent side. So we think that, that will continue. And we think that's a story that's very positive for our franchise as a whole.
Derek Sammann: And this is Derek on the option side. A couple of things: you've heard us point to the areas in which we're making investment to grow participation in our options markets, investing in functionality to accommodate some more complex spreads, increasing our sales, marketing and education and analytics tools, we're putting out there to bring more people to our market. To answer your question, the reason that we feel so strong that the investments and options drives our core is that for every options that trade, we think there is roughly between 2 and 2.5 futures the trade related to that option, traditionally, because there are a number of participants that come in the trade-offs in delta neutral. They will hedge their position in options with our futures and then dynamically reestablish and maintain those hedges and change them as price action goes on. Secondly, we are unique in that -- in every major asset class that Gill referenced. We have a referenced benchmark options business associated with that asset class. So we are bringing both the futures and options together, so we're dynamically bringing key participants to our markets. And finally, the growth in electronification, as you've seen in the futures story, continues to spot an increase of velocity with trading, both in options and our futures. So you've seen these breakdowns in the deck. Despite the fact that we're about 49% to 50% electronic, if you go inside these figures each one, you'll see that the treasury options on the following slide is close to 65% electronic. Inside the energies business, you'll see our Brent options is close to 70% electronic. And nat gas, which is in a different market structure state right now, is probably close to 5% or 10% electronic. So these investments we're making are both bringing new participants to us, creating a unique value proposition for the future and the option to hedge in the same clearing house for significant margin efficiencies, and the electronification trends has been a virtuous cycle of increased participation both on the futures and options side.
Derek Sammann: And I would just add to the color in terms of where we're seeing the growth across the various client segments. I mean, if you look across the asset classes, the trend for the growth has been positively noted amongst our proprietary firms, our hedge fund, the asset manager community. And something interesting that we were seeing within our international side of the equation is quite an uptake in volume and the activity from the bank sector, both within EMEA as well as Asia Pacific. So we're seeing, again, the penetration across all these clients segments in the investments that we're making from that perspective paying off in terms of the outreach in growth across the various segments and across our diverse asset classes.
Sean Tully: So in terms of the moving OTC participants over into our futures, we've given a number of metrics. We don't have, on the business side, complete clarity into each and every account, and there is a Chinese wall. So the metrics that we've given, I think we have a very strong indication that we're seeing a number of things. We're seeing an increasing number of participants in our futures market that we believe are driven by our OTC sales activities. In addition to that those folks that are taking advantage of the portfolio margin, which we can't look through to, their growth rates in our futures complex is running around double that of the folks that are otherwise. So we continue to see increasing penetration of that. And the other thing I would say is I think that, that runway continues to be very large. If I can give you an example, the most popular trading strategy in U.S. dollar interest rate swap space is something called a swap spread. While there is no publicly available information on that particular trade, we believe that particular trade probably runs on the order $80 billion a day or on the order of 800,000 contracts a day in our treasury futures equivalent. At the moment, our EFRs in invoice spreads -- so kind of the equivalent in interest rate futures plus cleared interest rate swaps space relative to that swap spread market remains a small fraction of the swap spread market. We're running on the order of 60,000, 65,000 a day in our invoice spreads. So we continue to see a very large runway relative to that opportunity.
Sean Tully: We published the paper now a couple of months ago. It is available on our website, that looks at the costs of ETFs relative to representing a risk versus the cost of using our futures complex. And all of the data is in there, the calculations are very, very clear. Without any question, under nearly every scenario, depending upon the type of user as well as the length of time that the user uses the products. So it's also about the strategy whether you're going long or short. Under nearly every scenario, our futures are the lower-cost alternative relative to ETFs. And we have found that very much resonating with the marketplace. In terms of liquidity, our futures complex is far, far larger, far more liquid than the ETF market. And if you look at our S&P futures for example, we tend to trade on the order of 7x the notional volume of the equivalent ETFs. So we are getting our message out there relative to the lower cost alternative, which is the futures complex.
Sean Tully: This is Sean. I'll jump in for a second as well. For the banks, the supplemental leverage ratio is usually important. So things like our coupon blending service, which allows the banks to represent the same portfolio with a much, much lower notional outstanding, allows them to continue to trade similar volumes to the volumes they have in the past, but it would show up as a much lower balance sheet item helping them with their Basel III concern. So as we said earlier, we've assisted in coupon blending over 100 -- the reduction of over 100,000 line items over $8 trillion in notional, yet you've seen we had enormous growth in our OTC average daily volumes, which drive our fees in the first quarter.
Bryan T. Durkin: Chris, it's Bryan. I think the methodical approach that we've taken since we eliminated the waiver over the course of the year is having its intended effect. We're pleased with the results that we've seen thus far while we're early into the stages in the context of those users fully absorbing the impact. The trend has been very positive. There's been some shift in terms of pro versus non-pro, but we're monitoring that very closely. And the next quarter will hopefully validate the good work that we've done across the globe in terms of getting our end-users to adapt to the change.
Bryan T. Durkin: We haven't seen April yet. That's coming a little later. So it's been fairly consistent through the first couple of months that we looked at, right.
Bryan T. Durkin: Yes. I mean, if you look at a look it, it certainly would move higher than the $375 million. Again, as we indicated, we had 50,000 pro screens and 100,000 non-pro screens. And just as a reminder that the 50,000 screens that are pro will double beginning in next year. And also, another key point is that any new participants are going to be charged at $85.
