Phupinder Gill: Rich, I'll start and then ask Derek and Shawn to comment if they want to. I think when you talk about product innovation here, you are always facing the uncertainty if it will be successful or not, but what we have started doing, particularly in the last six to seven years, and they've had a comprehensive plan, and part of that plan is talking to clients on a very broad basis. So in previous calls, we've spoken to you about the number of folks that tune into spend seminars that we put on, and that's an indication to us. And one example is the Ultra 10 ten-year bond that we launched and enthusiasm behind the bond and the corresponding volume that we got since launch has been great. And so we've got a pipeline on both the commodities side and the financial side, and our guys are pretty excited about some of the prospects there, so, I'll tell you, though, if Sean could comment on some of those things and then Mr. Sammann can talk about others.
Phupinder Gill: Chris, as you pointed out, there's a regional growth starts story here, particularly outside of the U.S. and on the commodities front, it's been particularly strong coming from Asia, in both the energy and metals front.
Phupinder Gill: Alex, there is opportunity. As you know, Europe is a very large part of our French and global basis. Yes they are, and yes we need -- there are opportunities and we are in full engagement mode with our client base regarding deeper participation into our marketplace and some of the opportunities that can market themselves fit very nicely in what we are seeing to be shifts or evolving client demands and client needs. And so one of the things we refer to in the earnings call and my former remarks was the opportunity that lays ahead of us. So Derek, Sean, Brian and their respective staffs are talking very intently to our clients to understand what their needs are. As you point out, the certainty of the U.S. regulation is a very large driver there, too.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you for joining us today. The entire team at CME is focused on driving the topline for the future and operating the business as efficiently as possible. Let me illustrate that for you. When you compare the first half of 2014 to the first half of 2016, we have organically grown the topline by $332 million. At the same time, our expenses, including license fees and amortization, is down $14 million. So thank you very much for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, I think we're particularly excited about the numbers we've been sharing with you guys about the commodities still current that we're growing in Asia. If you look at the energy revenues regenerated year-to-date, energy revenues is now representing almost 35% of the total revenues we're generating out of China and greater China as a whole. Our business in greater China being Hong Kong, China and Taiwan is up 227%. The metals, that specifically is our second biggest revenue source in the same region, and that's up 61%. So the opportunities that we've got when we own the -- on the metals side, our ability to position ourselves as a global benchmark in region with the sales efforts Brian and his team have been putting forth in region to make sure that we're attracting a customer base with global liquidity by time zone as well. That's how we see the opportunity continues to build international community. I'll also add that if you look at the importance of the commercial customers to the commodities complex as a whole, we continue to focus on them being a primary driver of our access, because as you address those end user customer needs, that brings the other market participants across the bank, the others don't want to be where the end user customers are. So whether you look at the revenue growth of the franchise as a whole, the record level of large open interest versus the record level of the open interest as well, layered on top of the China growth, it tells a story of globalizing participation in our markets and globalizing access to those global participant bases on the commercial side.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Mike. It's not unusual for our cash balance to grow slower in Q2. The primary reason is that we have two tax payments in this quarter, and for this quarter, it was $416 million. And we also have our regular dividend of $202 million that happened this quarter, so it's not unusual for Q2 to be slower on quarter in terms of cash bill. So we have tremendous leverage in our business model and we've been able to return $1.4 billion in dividends year-to-date, so obviously that is a cash impact.
John Pietrowicz: So Brian, in terms of the new subscription plan, the purpose of the program is to provide our members flexibility. So the members either can hold our shares or they can free up those shares and pay us a subscription fee, so this gives our members a choice on how to deploy their capital and ultimately may make it easier for potential new members, especially those international members who may find holding CME shares prohibitive. So it's good for our current members, it's good for our potential new members, and it's good for CME because we will be generating recurring revenue from that payment and it's likely going to show up in our Other revenue line, not necessarily in the Market Data line. And obviously this is all incremental to our bottom line.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, is about a 50% take-up. It's about $20 million, and if all members chose to do this program it would be $40 million. We don't have a clear line of sight in terms of what uptake will be, so we'll be able to update you next quarter, or as it rolls out.
John Pietrowicz: Just to add to that, one thing to remember is we do have a data investment in RJV with S&P. So that's an area that is also looking to grow and we're looking at nonorganic opportunities as well. So we're not only participating directly through, as Brian indicated, our data business here, but we'll also be participating with our S&P partners with the joint venture.
John Pietrowicz: Hi Rob, this is John. Our view on M&A hasn't changed. We will be looking at all potential M&As to create shareholder value and grow in our strategic point of view, so we'll evaluate all opportunities. With regard to why we changed PI amortization, all our other U.S. exchange peers have taken amortization out of their earnings. Bath[ph 39;55] came out last quarter, excluding it, TIVO removed it from their results. We thought it was important to exclude it so the investing community can have an apples-to-apples comparison with the other exchanges.
John Pietrowicz: There's just a couple of things to point out as it relates to CAPEX. On a year-over-year basis, CAPEX is down but that's primarily driven by our New York City staff's space buildout after the sale of the ninemax [ph] building. So if you exclude all the real estate, our technology expense for the first quarter is slightly at or higher than the second quarter last year, and about $4 million higher than the first half of last year. So we're continuing to invest in our technology footprint and I think the second half, we are making investments and continue to make investments in our technology platform through guidance we may refer to things like Repo, things like improving our capacity. So if you take a look at our slide -- Slide 8 in our deck, you see that the day after the Brexit vote, we had the highest message traffic in our history and it was -- it did not impact our speed whatsoever. So I think keeping our platform robust and keeping our platform improving with technology and improving its functionality, so that guidance that we'll be investing in in the second half of the year as we continue the trend.
Brian Durkin: Hi, I'll take the market data; this is Brian. First of all, we've been monitoring closely our subscriber base since we implemented the full fare back in January and we're pleased to see we're not seeing any substitute reductions or consolidations in that regard. With that in mind, we've really been focused on developing new opportunities for revenue. One of the areas that we have increased emphasis on is our development of dry data and it's representing a very nice revenue stream for us. So you can expect to see more activities on that end. While we haven't announced any time of price increase in 2017, we will be expecting an increase that will impact certain segments and offerings associated with our market data.
Brian Durkin: We're certainly open to any opportunities that can augment or enhance the strong and robust business that we have with respect to market data. As I've indicated, there are tools that we have at our disposal right now as we're developing new products internally that we really haven't leveraged to the degree that we believe that we can. Part of that is in the derived data space and developing new products as a result of that. So we're certainly happy to look at any opportunity to map the great robust business that we have today.
Brian Durkin: Hi Kyle. I think we've been building our market share in Branson [ph], really building our global participation in Branson. When you build markets you enter where the companies are, already present, you need to answer by providing incentives to make it easier to access and make it not too economically painful. So what we've done over the last probably 24 months or so: we've looked at the traction we've gotten, 10%, 12%, 13%. We now actually wrote out our brand options market as well last quarter. And we're at a point now where we said we think we've got a sustainable participation level across the pie chart as a whole.  Energy's up 25%, we've always said breadth [ph] is an important part of the story. The market is telling us it wants to trade on UTI. And we look at the differential fortunes between what's happening between what happens on the WTI side of the fence where our business is up about 45% to 48% and now breadth is up about 19%. The market's telling you it wants to trade on the WTI side of the ledger. So we've been successful in the commercial side of participation, and we believe at this point we're happy to be able to start to scale back some of those incentives, that liquidity itself is sufficient to maintain participation in the market. So any time market incentives are in place, they're always by nature temporary. If you have a successful value proposition that will hold, once you remove the incentives. And I think the overall performance of franchise speaks to the success and value we're bringing to the commercial participants.
