John Pietrowicz: Thanks Mike, again this is John. In terms of the market data, as you can imagine, forecasting attrition is not an exact science. And revenue came in slightly lower than we had guided to. And we would anticipate it being slightly lower again in the fourth quarter. We are keeping a strong eye on it as we go into next year. As you know those that were grandfathered will now be paying the full freight amount which is approximately double what they are paying today. We don’t have any guidance on that as yet. We are working with our clients to make sure that we keep that -- any attrition down to as low as possible. In terms of expenses, we are going through the budgeting process now. As you can imagine, we are focused strongly on expenses and will be giving guidance in the -- during the first quarter or -- I am sorry, end of the year conference call in January. In terms of expenses we are down about 2% based on our guidance in the fourth quarter. Again, we are focused on expenses going into next year. And we will be making sure that we’re optimizing the entire expense base during the budgeting process. As it relates to stock-based compensation, what you saw this quarter was an adjustment because the grant date and the vesting date for the stock awards occurs annually in September and that the forfeiture rates are updated at this time, and because of the actions we’ve taken over the last few years, we had adjusted to reflect the reduced number of employees. We are anticipating going back to approximately a $15 million run-rate on stock-based compensation but there will be some variability in it going into next year because of the proportion of performance related stock awards will cause some fluctuation because they adjust, both based on our performance as well as performance of the S&P 500 or a group of peer companies.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, it’s been trending about 15. We had an adjustment last quarter because performance and in this year because of the reduced number of employees. So, it will go back to approximately $15 million run rate.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, thanks Brain. I’ll take the first one and then maybe Sean can comment on Ultra 10-year; that’s a definitely product we’re excited about. Just with regard to the energy RPC with the small sized, smaller priced power contracts, I can understand the disconnects, energy; RPC fell about $0.08 compared to last quarter. The lower RPC again was driven by those smaller sized lower priced contracts and the bulk of that all occurred in the month of September. I think when you take a look at the quarter, the ADV for power contracts this quarter was about 91,000, up from the ADV of about 5,000, last quarter. So if you normalize out the RPC for those power contracts, it’s about $1.25 on everything else. So that’s the impact. I think what we’ll do in the future is we’ll make sure on our monthly volume release that any unusual spikes in the power contract we’ll make sure to call that out. I think the important thing is even with these lower sized, lower price contracts, our energy revenue was up 17% this quarter. So, really pleased with how energy has been performing. And I’ll turn over to Sean to talk about the TN.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Kyle. As we’ve mentioned, we announced an overall 2% price increase. I mean we looked at -- we looked comprehensively at our price levels, volume tiers and incentive plans and then strategically adjusted them. And as we mentioned, we took action across all of our asset classes. So, rates and energies were the highest impacted and FX and metals were the least impacted.
John Pietrowicz: Like I mentioned, we’re expecting this quarter to be down about 2%, you’re going to see the largest increase going from -- in our marketing line, going from Q3 to Q4; it’s down about 2% from last year. The bulk of that is coming out of marketing. If you recall, we had some marketing spends and prior years that were really around the MF Global issues as well as some of the kind of the industry issues that were happening. And we reduced that down. We’d always anticipated on reducing those costs and you’re seeing them reflected now. So, I think we’ll continue to see an uptick in terms of spend in marketing in the fourth quarter going into next year, but it will be down year-over-year. And it’s not necessarily impacting growth at all because these are more kind of overall industry…
Phupinder Gill: Hi Rich, this is Gill. I’ll start and I’ll ask Bryan to address some of the specifics of our market data businesses. If you look at the market data business with CME, I think we pioneered the acquisition of IP, which we had the opportunity then to actually grow with respect to new products and indexes that the S&P, Down Jones joint venture has. And as part of the business of CME it’s 25% before taxes and growing, as John pointed out in his remarks. I’ll ask Bryan to add a little bit here.
Phupinder Gill: Rich, you may also have seen that over the course of the last few years, as a result of CME Group’s beginning to credit swaps, we have introduced a lot of analytical tools for our clients with respect to understanding what the impact of margin really; requirements are going to be as they combine their futures and their swaps portfolios. And so this all requires a lot of tool kits that we have passed onto our client base. And so that forms part and parcel, even though we don’t charge for it. It’s becoming a very important element of what our clients need and this has been a trend that has been the case for over the past several years.
Phupinder Gill: We are always looking at all opportunities as they exist there. And anything that will drive shareholder value for us or makes sense to our business, we will always explore. So, it doesn’t have to be an exchange necessarily, it has to be a service or a growth initiative around what the client base needs. And so a lot of the analytical tools that we have been providing the marketplace over the last few years as a result of swap clearing, you can expect us to continue to work in that direction as we start seeing our market and the products that we are rolling out, grow. I talked a little bit about the 10year contract a short while ago. I think if there are any opportunities surrounding those types of things, either in the commodity space or in the financial space, we will explore them. Currently as you might know, we have CME venture group that has placed small bets on what I call, emerging trends in the marketplace that might lead to commercial arrangement that we might find with these firms, such as the one that we introduced with DOLAT [ph] couple of days ago. So, these types of things are always on our radar with a very clear view to what the future might hold for CME Group in this space.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you all for joining us this morning. And we look forward to talking to you again in the next fourth quarter. Thank you everybody.
Sean Tully: So, this is Sean jumping in. So, in terms of our Eurodollar futures and Eurodollar options, absolutely, we’ve seen an increased interest. We’ve actually seen a very nice jump in the open interest in our Eurodollar options and particularly this year. The big thing to point that is 4 of our 10 largest market makers in 2015, are new. So they were not market makers in our Eurodollar options last year, number one; and number two, they are large market makers in the Euribor complex. So, we are definitely penetrating European marketplace in a very substantial way this year in way. In addition to that one thing I might update folks on in terms of Fed Funds. We did see as of yesterday that meeting, the probability of Fed tightening in December well over 40% and the probability according to our Fed Funds futures of tightening by March now well over 65%.
Sean Tully: Yes. So, in terms of TN, we’re obviously very excited about that. There was an opportunity, participant came to us relative to earlier this year; the bond future jumped what we call the five-year gap in terms of the maturity spectrum of U.S. treasury bonds. So with that the TY future now has achieved to deliver seven years and the bond future has achieved to deliver 21-year, leaving a very wide gap for additional products. So with customer feedback, we -- extensive customer feedback and excitement, we did decide to -- that we will launch TN or a 10-year future we’ll achieve to deliver basket of 9.5 to 10 years. So, it has very positive feedback. We think it’s a product that the marketplace has high demand for. Now obviously, very uncertain as to what the uptake will be, will we see significant opportunity for basis trading between that and other products. As you mentioned also and as was mentioned during the script, several new equity products, right, so Russell 1000, Russell 1000 Growth and Value, the FTSE 100, FTSE Emerging Markets, FTSE China 50 have already done launch relative to our agreement with FTSE Russell to be their partner in terms of these products. And then we’re very excited in 2017 to launch the Russell 2000. In terms of BTIC or Basis Trade Index Close, we are excited about this. This is the first time we’re going to be offering that on Globex. Previously it has been a product that has been available in terms of block trading. What this does is it allows index driven asset managers to trade at exactly or a basis to index close every day, making it extremely efficient for matching their index. So, we are very excited about it; we’ve had very positive feedback. Obviously there is uncertainty as to how much update you are going to get in the new product.
Sean Tully: So in terms of -- this is Sean jumping in. The open interest down a little bit; we had a huge -- if you look at last year, October of last year was an absolutely phenomenal period of time. Let’s recall for example in rates what happened. Last year, our rates complex was up 19% in terms of the ADV and if you look at October of last year, we had a number of events; we had a surprise easing by the ECB, we had potential for Greek exit, and we had the all-time record on October 15th of last year in terms of the exchange volumes. And that was in part due to the huge open interest at that time. If you recall, interest rate futures on day alone, we did over 25 million contracts. So, we’ve got some very tough comps right now. But in addition to that, the helpfulness of our business continues to grow without question. So looking at that in terms of large open interest holders and our industry complex, we’ve reached an all time record in August. In terms of our FX complex, we also reached an all time record in large open interest holders in August. And the trend in large open interest holders continues to increase and penetration of alternative markets continues to increase. So if you look for example at our treasury complex, one thing that we do talk about pretty often is the percentage of treasury futures that trade relative to the cash bond market. Just as a recollection, in 2013 that was 60%; in 2014 it was 65%; in 2015, we’re running at 78%. So, all the indications are that it’s a very healthy marketplace. So, I’m focused on the financials. Now I’ll turn it over to Derek to talk a bit about commodities.
