Bryan T. Durkin: And just from an asset-class basis, we're really pleased with our aggressive penetration of the development of the options market across all of our asset classes. We've seen anywhere from a growth rate of 20% to 36%, and that's across all asset classes. We're seeing that nice pickup occurring, both domestically and across all of our regional offices. So the expansion of distribution, the access to product, the development of product, particularly in the area of weekly options, is all adding to this growth trajectory.
Bryan T. Durkin: Just to keep in mind, early after the announcement, we started getting an uptake in new registrants as a result of that waiver. We're continuing to see an inflow of new subscribers that, in the past, had fallen under the waiver. It's a very good trajectory for us. We're seeing an increase of about $40 million in our revenue, and a good 1/4 of that is coming from new subscribers as a result of the elimination of this waiver.
Bryan T. Durkin: Yes, I would just add to that by saying the build-up in activity in Brent, at which we've now attracted close to 15% of the market, has definitely complemented our overall energy complex. WTI has been a beneficiary of increased open interest as a result of that build-up across Brent/WTI as well as our refined products. You'll see quite an uptake and growth in our crack spreads, in particular. And it's the components of all of those that has added to this strong build-up in open interest across all of those products.
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan, and it's a combination of factors. I think, first of all, if you referred to what -- Gill's earlier on comments, 40% of the activity that we're seeing in the interest rates was actually coming from Europe, right? And so when you look at the composition of that, those are new users that are coming, specifically out of Switzerland and London, that have not only started entering trades into clearing for interest rate swaps in a significant amount, but they're also bringing us business into our Eurodollar and our U.S. treasury products. I think another thing that has added to the complement and the tremendous growth in interest rates is the uncertainty of what's happening in the marketplace in general. And by us having that full breadth of the yield curve, you're seeing a nice capability for the marketplace to be able to build up in terms of their expectations and closer to the front end of the curve. If you recall, a couple of years back, we were really building up in the back 32 months of Eurodollars, and we've done a lot to build that activity, create open interest, and volume has occurred in respect to that. But we've also now seen some movement into the front 1/8 [ph] of that contract, which is also corollary to what we've seen in growth in Fed funds, tremendous growth in Fed funds, our 2-year treasury notes and our overall front-month of euros.
Bryan T. Durkin: And then on the foreign currency side of things, you had asked about the pickup in volume there. We were averaging around 700,000 contracts throughout 2014. That has really up-ticked to over 1 million. We saw that at the fourth quarter, and that's carrying its way through into the first quarter of 2015. What's particularly encouraging is the pick-up in the open interest, 2.4 million contracts. So that's indicative of new users, again, coming into those products.
Bryan T. Durkin: Slightly. This is Bryan. But I think you just need to keep in mind that, over time, we have reduced the level of those incentives. We're seeing the nice pickup in activity in -- particularly from the aspect of commercial users coming into the product. That has added to our strong buildup of the 600 -- 760,000 plus in open interest.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes, Rich, just one point of clarification. The price increases that we put in place did not target the pit. It was basically we targeted certain asset classes.
Phupinder S. Gill: I certainly think that you are, and I think a lot of the answers to your question can be seen on our Slide 14 that we put out there, where you see the growth in TI average daily volume. As importantly, the open interest is up more than 1 million contracts from the end of the year. So to your point about who's adding the positions, if we look at the fundamentals of the contract itself, the gap between TI and Brent has been closed. If you look at the gradual easing of the band of exports, if you think directionally, I think TI has essentially solved a lot of the structural issues that they have. And while the supply issue is still going to dog Brent for a while, we are very excited with respect to what we see, not just on the TI side, but both with respect to TI as well as Brent. I'll ask Bryan to add some specifics here to round up your answer.
Phupinder S. Gill: To -- just to add to what Bryan just said, and I said this a short while ago. In Europe, we saw a growth of upward of 60% in our interest rate business in the last quarter. And I think that can be attributed to a lot of the things that Bryan said. And also, we are seeing flow coming in, as Bryan told you, before the clearing mandate kicks in Europe. And we think among other factors, the lack of opportunity for the trading community in Europe is bringing them here.
Phupinder S. Gill: And Ken, just to address the heart of Chicago issue, what is at the heart of Chicago is innovation, not the places where innovation is actually put out. So what CME has been doing, have been very focused on meeting our client needs, very focused on organic growth. Some of the contracts that we launched, some of the things that we've talked about in the past like swaptions are going to be new in the cleared world. Repo clearing, as you probably read, is an endeavor that CME Group, among others, are pursuing. So our philosophy has always been -- and we've talked about this in the past, is on need, meeting our client needs. And we believe that if we met those needs, it will drive our earnings higher. That's the heart of Chicago, though.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. And a lot -- as more and more cash comes into the clearing house, we have been having active conversations with our clients with respect to how to go about investing in those funds, and we will have something to talk about, hopefully, in a short while.
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, thank you, I've -- we have seen some of the so-called white papers that have come out from some of the buy-side firms as well as the sell-side firms. What's interesting to note among the papers is they make a note that is not a -- they're not taking a fact-based approach. And the entire approach as to the cheapness of ETFs seems to be driven by the cost of carry, which is embedded in futures. And so on an apples-to-apples basis -- I believe it's a Goldman analyst who points out that S&P E-minis are still a far more efficient product than the ETF. So now I bring everybody back some years ago, when both JPMorgan as well as Goldman Sachs issued some papers to their clients talking about why, on a fact basis, ETFs are more expensive than futures. Those facts have not changed. And so we are in the process of educating our clients or, in some cases, reeducating our clients with respect to all of the facts. And case in point, we have been -- we are up 20% this year, itself, on the S&P, and we had a very high growth rate last year. And if you look at the liquidity in the contracts themselves, it's 6x more liquid in the S&P than it is in the ETF and the corresponding ETFs.
Phupinder S. Gill: Absolutely. This is one of those things and it's -- Brent is not unusual in this sense. We do this with the -- with any launch of a new contract that we have. And what you see us do is we encourage the volume to come on in. The value proposition that we have because of the DME is a unique one. And so what we have seen then is some active trading. And if these were truly just simply guys making market and being flat at the end of the day, you would not see the 760,000 open interests that we have grown. And the most important point here is something that we have stressed to our clients. And the open interest back [ph] -- that's backed out. That they are now -- we are committed to this approach, and it is an energy-complex approach. I mean, not selective. We just want to meet all of our client needs.
Phupinder S. Gill: We -- the volume that's in the pit is very small in 1% -- is 1% and, in many cases, less than that. And so we -- another fact is many -- most, if not all, of the traders that are trading on the floor also have access and use the electronic platform. So you would expect some of them to continue to trade on the platform alone and you -- some of them might decide not to trade anymore. But I stress again, it's so small. It's less than 1%.
Phupinder S. Gill: Keep in mind, the floors are not closing. It's just some of the pits that are closing. So all members will continue to have access to our floor.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, all, for being with us this afternoon, and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you, guys.
John W. Pietrowicz: Dan, this is John Pietrowicz. The largest increase this year is in interest rates, with the increase above the aggregate 1.5% level, with the main impact in treasuries. We did make a move with Eurodollars, but they're already priced higher than many products, based on a price per unit of risk. FX was the second-highest percentage, with ags the least impacted. And last year, when we did a 2% to 3% price increase, ags were the most impacted. So over the last couple of years, we've hit all of the asset classes, and we're always constantly looking at our pricing schedule.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, Alex. This is John. We think the ending of the market fee waiver program is an exciting opportunity for us, but to size the opportunity is difficult to predict. We have several hundred thousand waive terminals, and it's difficult to calculate how the customers will rationalize it when they have to pay for a service that was previously free. And also, as I mentioned on the prepared remarks that we plan to charge the full fees in January of 2016. So that's -- so after we go through our first billing cycle, we'll be able to provide more clarity in -- on the Q1 earnings call in April.
John W. Pietrowicz: Well, when you look at our incremental margins over the last couple of quarters, we've been averaging around 95%. Previous to that, we've been in the ranges of 80% to 90%. Obviously, we're striving to get as close to 100% as we can. But that said, when you take a look, we're planning on keeping our expenses flat, and you have to kind of run your scenario around the revenue on that. But we're feeling very good about how we're positioned in terms of our revenue. And then, when you keep your expenses flat, like we did this quarter, we're driving EPS growth of about 50%. That, then, obviously leads to our dividends. So the management here is really focused on driving as much revenue to the bottom line as absolutely possible.
John W. Pietrowicz: Ken, this is John Pietrowicz. When we take a look at the cost to run the trading floors, it's approximately $50 million annually. We ended up reducing the number of pits for the futures side and 2 options pits, which accounted for approximately 5% of the volume, and we're taking out close to 20% of the costs. To give you an idea, the options business is a pretty good business for us. Not pretty good, it's a very good business for us. We generate about $120 million to $150 million per year in revenue, so it's a very good margin business. In terms of infrastructure, we own the trading floor building in Chicago and, obviously, we'd look at ways to monetize it as we've done monetizing other buildings that we've owned, should we ever reach that point.
John W. Pietrowicz: With regard to the growth in the performance bonds, last year at 12/31, we had about $21 billion in performance bonds that grew to $40.6 billion of performance bonds. That's split between $22 billion in cash and $16.7 billion in treasuries, and then we have some other funds in there. In terms of how we charge for that, we are working on ways to -- we're working on it and we're analyzing the situation. So right now, there's not much to talk about with regard to how we're charging for the performance bonds. I would say that the significant increase is primarily related to our OTC business.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. This is John. I'll take the second part of that question. The $10 million is an annual number, and it is included in our $1.31 billion guidance.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes, and also, we'll be having terminals on the floor for them to access as well, so we don't anticipate there being any revenue leakage.
