Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks, John, and thank you, all, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in CME Group. I hope you got a chance to read through the third quarter earnings commentary document we provided earlier this morning. We have made good progress with several initiatives during the quarter. So, let me share a few of those highlights. The diversity of our deep liquid product offerings was important during Q3, as trading generally slowed on exchanges around the world following a very strong first half of the year. At CME, we saw particular strength in treasuries, equities, emerging market, FX futures and several commodity products. This offset a bit of a slowdown in global energy trading based on market conditions and fundamentals. More importantly, we gained traction in new offerings, including our SOFR and SONIA interest rate futures contracts. We saw rising volume in open interest, as well as our record volume in our S&P Select Sector futures in September. We set new daily records in the new monthly FX futures and CME FX Link offerings. This totaled approximately 50,000 contracts on a single day in September. Within our commodities complex, we announced a Q4 launch date for physically-delivered WTI Houston Crude Oil Futures contracts. This helps reinforce the strength of our global benchmark WTI Cushing contract. In metals, we also saw continued growth in the copper options. We had record Q3 average daily volume in our wheat options and also records in our Livestock options complex. We continue to make investments in our global sales effort. In September, we launched a new interactive CME Liquidity Tool to help market participants analyze liquidity, including current and historical bid-ask spreads, book depth and cost to trade statistics across the CME asset classes. Customers can analyze activity during U.S., London and Singapore trading hours, helping to create new trading opportunities. CME's new Liquidity Tool has attracted a large amount of interest from clients across the globe. This is available on CME's website, and I encourage all of you to take a quick look at it. We're also pleased to announce the extension of the exclusive NASDAQ futures license through 2029, ensuring market participants worldwide will continue to have seamless access to our suite of NASDAQ products and benefit from the capital efficiencies by trading alongside our industry-leading Equity Index complex. Finally, with respect to our next transaction, we're pleased to announce that the Department of Justice approved – with the approval of the transaction, we continue to expect the deal to close before the – before yearend. We have been working diligently over the last few months on the high-level integration planning with the NEX team. Our trading volume has picked up nicely so far in October. We are up 41% quarter-to-date versus last year. I mentioned product diversity earlier, and it's nice to see interest rates, equities that are up significantly in Q4 so far, with the other four product areas growing just as well. With that short summary, I'd like to open up the call for your questions.
Terrence A. Duffy: I want to add one more thing only because it's opportunistic, Brian, and John referenced it and I think it's important. When John talked about the lower rate per contract in the equity complex due to some ex-pit transactions, they are now migrating on to Globex, that is an extremely positive story for CME Group. Everything we've talked about since this company has gone public is about the liquidity coming to a central limit order book place to be the most cost-efficient marketplace in the world. This is validating our model. So, I want to make sure we understand. This is a good story not a bad story in that rate per contract because of where the business is going.
Terrence A. Duffy: So, on the market data and how we work with our regulator, our regulator does not approve any pricing at CME Group, where the SEC obviously does. We have proprietary products that we invest a tremendous amount of revenue and tremendous amount of manpower into developing these contracts. You just heard Sean Tully talk about the SONIA, the SOFR, some of the other – the BTIC products that we have come up with and him and his team did to add value. So, we don't go down the path of having to get approval from the CFTC on pricing of these and that includes also our market data. So, that's different from the SEC model. On the equivalents issue, you saw the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission a week or so ago get very aggressive with the Europeans, letting them know quite well that the U.S. will not be a political football – using my words, not his – and in this game between the UK and the EU as it relates to central clearing houses being able to do business in certain jurisdictions. So, as the Commodity Exchange Modernization Act was written in 2000, our sole regulator is the CFTC and we cannot actually comply with what is being proposed out of a mere 2.0 by ESMA to be in that Tier 2 section because it would be technically against U.S. law. So, I think what's going on now is cooler heads are starting to prevail and will start to get the deference that the Chairman has been calling for here in the U.S. And that's why I see that outside of that from a regulatory standpoint I think, as we said earlier, we're thrilled about the Department of Justice and their approvals on our transaction and we're just going forward. But outside of that and from a regulatory side, I think CME – and I've said this for a long time, the headwinds of CME are now behind us on regulatory issues. We've dealt with this between 2009 and say 2013, 2014 before all rules are finalized but the rules are the road here in the U.S. are very clear, and I think that's been a great benefit to not only exchanges like ours but the banking system of the United States as well.
Terrence A. Duffy: $250 million in our default funds across our businesses. We think we have a significant amount of money and skin in the game. Is it going to trickle back here to the U.S.? I think what I just laid out for you in a very short argument will hold – I will say that many more times I'm certain for months to come. But I've been saying it for years already, and I think the argument is extremely valid that whoever brings the risk and introduces it needs to make sure they put the money up to protect the rest of the system.
Terrence A. Duffy: Sameer, real quick, I just want to backtrack on one thing you said earlier that I actually said. I want to make sure that I was clear and I wasn't. We don't allow a single individual clear when it comes into our books. That was the scenario that played out on the NASDAQ power exchange that happened. It was a single individual clearer. We don't have that at CME. So, I just want to make sure we have that. That was what I was referring to.
Terrence A. Duffy: Let me thank all of you for participating on the call today. I know someone had problems getting through, and I apologize for that. If there's any questions that we didn't answer, please feel free to reach out to myself or John, and we will make sure we get to those questions. Otherwise, I want to thank you, all, very much and look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter.
John W. Pietrowicz: Great. Well, thanks, Brian. Yeah. We did have – we did see a sequential decline in the RPC from Q2 to Q3. It was driven by – primarily by two things. One, we had a higher proportion of member volume, and we also had lower activity in our premium priced privately negotiated products than last quarter. If you take a step back, overall, we're very pleased with our RPC performance in the equities complex. When you consider that we had both higher volume and a higher RPC compared to Q3 of last year, and as Terry alluded to in his prepared remarks, we've seen a very strong start to the fourth quarter with equities up more than 115%. I'll turn it over to Sean to talk a little bit about some of the activity in some of our newer products.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah. We definitely see right now and it is completely additive. So, we see the opportunity with the new interest rate benchmark to see basis trading in particular between that benchmark and the existing benchmarks, right. CME Group with our future open interest and Eurodollar futures, fed fund futures as well as the treasury futures, is the place to trade the basis between the new index and so the SOFR index, if I could say it, relative to those other indices. We've offered intercommodity spreads against our Eurodollar futures, for example, and our fed funds futures. That means that it is the single most efficient place from an execution standpoint, so minimizing your execution costs to trade the bases between SOFR and LIBOR, or SOFR and OIS, or SOFR and Fed Funds. In addition to that, we have – obviously, with the large open interest in fed funds and Eurodollars, in addition to that, the efficient from a capital margin and total cost perspective relative to the clearing with up to 85% margin offsets against all other futures contracts. So, in addition to that, in regards to SOFR, we now have over 80 participants trading SOFR contracts. We've got over 40,000 contracts open interest. That is the equivalent of over $155 billion in notional terms, and we're trading about 8,000 contracts a day this month. So, we are excited about that. In terms of SONIA, we have an ADV this month of 3,400 contracts. So, we're also getting very, very good traction there. One – another unique value proposition that CME Group has that no other firm has, no other clearing house has in the world is – we're both clearing the SOFR interest rate swaps and we're clearing the SOFR futures. So, we did announce – we did start clearing SOFR interest rate swaps. We've cleared interest rate swaps for five different institutions. There was a great – if you've seen our press release – some of the top rates institutions on the planet have already started clearing the SOFR interest rate swaps with us. So, we also have that unique value proposition of having both the futures and the swaps and we have that both for SONIA and SOFR.
John W. Pietrowicz: Just one last thing is – Kyle, just to put an exclamation point on what Sean was saying. If you look at our volume over the last 40 years, there's only been a handful of times where the current volume was less than the previous year's volumes. So, only a handful of times, and that's through a myriad of economic and financial conditions. So, as I was saying at the start, our model is very resilient and I think we are in a much better place today than we were even before the crisis.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, Brian. Thanks. If you take a look at our financial statements, overall earnings from managing cash was up about $1 million, with returns on corporate cash offsetting lower earnings related to cash on deposits to clearing house. Those deposits were down about $1.5 billion on average versus the second quarter, and our earnings were down about $2 million sequentially. Now, the rate of decline in terms of the average balances held at the clearing house has slowed compared to the decline between the first quarter and the second quarter, which was down about $7.5 billion. We've been retaining zero over the last couple of Fed hikes and returning all of that to our customers. We want to be competitive in terms of other investment alternatives that our customers have. So, looking at, so far in the month of October, we've seen those balances come down about another $1.5 billion from the end of September to today.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. The loss on derivatives line in our non-GAAP reconciliation is the loss on the FX currency hedges that we have for NEX. So, those would end once the transaction gets closed. In terms of the debt cost, we will roll those – those will start to roll in once the transaction closes. In terms of the other FX changes, that is – those will change a bit based on our go-forward hedging views, which we'll provide you some guidance on that once the transaction closes.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah. I would think about it – you hit it right on the head. We have $700 million in excess of our $700 million minimum. We will use cash plus commercial paper to fund the balance of the transaction and we do – that's a Board decision in terms of the annual variable dividend and that's – we usually review that with the Board end of November and early December, when we set the level for the annual variable dividend. And we take a look at the entire fourth quarter when we do that.
John W. Pietrowicz: So, just to highlight something. We had about $2 million in audit findings in Q2 that we didn't have in Q3. So, the sequential – the balance of sequential decline was in a very small amount of attrition, to Bryan's point, much less than we had anticipated. Also, in terms of the go-forward, I would just highlight again that it will be sporadic in terms of when we find the audit findings and when they're going to be recognize in our financials.
John W. Pietrowicz: So, yeah – and so, technically, it would – technically, it would lapse. But obviously, we've been looking at our alternatives at that point. So, we'd address it should that happen. I think what – as we've said and we do believe that the transaction will be closed before yearend. So we feel very good in terms of where we stand with the regulators.
Sean Tully: Yeah. We're very excited about a lot of the new products that we've launched. So, on the BTIC, or Basis Trade Index Close, which was launched now a couple of years ago; last year, you'll recall probably that we did around 13,000 contracts. This year, we're doing 36,000 contracts, and it's got nearly a $3 RPC. So, we're very excited about the developments there. Other developments, we've announced that we've extended the NASDAQ contract. We're very excited about that. We recently had an all-time record day in the NASDAQ contract, and we're seeing huge growth year-over-year in those volumes of over 50%. So, we're extremely excited about that – extremely excited about the success there. Another thing that we've been doing that we've talked a lot about, as you know, delivering margin capital and total cost efficiencies to the marketplace. One of the areas that we've done that, in particular, with the advent of the uncleared margin rules in OTC space, is we've offered total return futures on our S&P complex. We currently only offer those products out to 18 months, so relatively short. Nonetheless, we've got huge traction. We now have over 200,000 contracts, open interest, in our S&P 500 total written futures. The total return market – total return swap market, I should say – trades out to 10 years very actively. So, we are looking to extend that product beyond the S&P 500 to add additional indices. We're also looking to extend and add additional futures contracts that will extend the product out in terms of the maturities. So, we're very excited actually about those developments in the equity market.
Sean Tully: Yeah – no, I fully agree with what John said. If you look at the year-to-date RPC last year versus the year-to-date RPC this year, it's up substantially. So, it was similar to the Q3 event when as you know we saw very low volatility. If you, again, look at October, October has been a phenomenal month, with our equities complex up well over 100% on a year-over-year basis in the month. In addition to that, I might mention, in terms of large open interest holders, Q3 obviously was a very quiet quarter, if I could say that. October, we're growing, if I could say, very, very strongly across all of the asset classes, in the financial scene, in particular. One thing I'd like to mention – one of the things that Derek and I say continuously is we look to grow our complex in any volatility environment. So, I think we're very pleased with the fact that we reached a record number of large open interest holders in each and every one of the financials asset classes during the month of September. Remember, again, Q2 was relatively quiet so – but we had a record in FX, we had a record in rates, we had a record – new all-time record in equities. So, bringing new participants in, we're getting deeper penetration with our existing participants and we're growing much stronger brace – base, excuse me, to grow from.
Sean Tully: Yeah. So, we continuously look, as John said, right, and I've mentioned it earlier, in every environment to grow our complex, right, with a record number of large open interest holders in each and every one of the financials asset classes during the Q3 when volatility was lower is, I think, a good example. Another good example is, during zero interest rate policy in the United States, we continued to launch a lot of new products and continued to grow the rates complex. If you look today actually at our treasury futures complex, over the last 52 weeks, we're now running at over 111% of the average daily volumes of the cash treasury bond market. That number, if you'll recall, was in the mid-50s just five or six years ago, so huge growth there. In addition to that, in terms of new products, we talked about SONIA and SOFR. We also launched new Eurodollar Mid-Curve options this year. Those are traded – the new contracts – a fifth quarterly as well as some term Mid-Curves three, six and a nine-month contract and have traded over 0.5 million contracts. I didn't mention actually earlier anything on the FX complex, but we're having very good success with our new monthly futures. Our new monthly futures recently had a day of 33,000 contracts. We also traded at a spread to the quarterly another 12,000. So on that day, those new monthly contracts added 45,000 contracts to our FX complex. This obviously, if you think about our FX complex only does about 1 million contracts a day, so that's a very significant impact on the overall growth. We've also launched FX Link. FX Link recently doing about 9,000 contracts a day. This allows participants in the OTC FX swap market to move their positions into standardized listed lower total cost alternative. So, we're very excited about that. In terms of the financial crisis, I think the overall system is in completely different place today. Bank balance sheets are strong. Economic growth is strong. And in a very strong environment where you see large price volatility, we see a lot more volume. And you can see that in October where our interest rate complex year-over-year in the month is up 43%, equities complex is up 116% and the FX complex is up as well. So, it is a very healthy volatility.
