Derek Sammann: Rich, it's Derek. I'll pick up on that. So a couple of points on the phase-in. So you've heard us talk a lot about the phase-in clients of the Phase 1. We didn't expect a lot of new clients to come on board then. The Phase 2 is significant, and I want to make sure we talk a little bit about the makeup of the group that we've seen so far. As you know, the Phase 2 clients are predominantly dollar based. Most of these are falling under the dollar-based mandate. And so far, about 61% of the products that we're clearing are dollar based, and only about 25% of that trading at LCH is dollar based right now. So given the fact that we see strength in our dollar-based platform on the clearing side and the bulk of the Phase 2 clients are dollar based, we think we will see some acceleration through that group. The 270 firms that Gill mentioned are those that have been working with us and we believe are prepared for clearing in that Day 1 time frame. So we think we're in a good position to capture a portion of that. Relative to the portfolio margining, we talked about this last quarter. We are prepared. We've rolled that out. We've had 1 or 2 FCMs prepare for that and actually have rolled that out selectively. But to be very honest, we don't expect that to be significantly taken up until we're farther into the phase-in on-boarding clients because it's a big impact on the FCMs, and they and we are primarily focused on on-boarding, getting clients into the clearinghouse. So we have that available. It's a function of bandwidth for the FCMs to work on portfolio margining.
Derek Sammann: Yes. It's Derek. I'll take that. On the deliverable swap futures, we've put that out in December to make sure that we were out in advance of the launch with the mandate kicking off on March 11. We wanted to make sure, based on client demand, that we had a product out there to go through a first roll. Customers are very concerned about that process of taking a future, then delivering into that swap. So we've maintained, I think, about 35,000 or 36,000 contracts open interest. That first roll of March, we saw about 25% of those products actually deliver into a cleared swap, which is a little bit higher than we would normally see but actually, about what we expected given the customer desire to make sure that process works smoothly. What our customers have told us is they wanted to get through a delivery cycle. They wanted to make it deliver and rely on that liquidity and that volume. But also, we're not as surprised to see the banks who are participating in the large parts in that market are also focused, as are we, on on-boarding through these first phases. So we've maintained levels of open interest. It certainly is there as an alternative to those customers that may not be able to get on board for cleared swaps. So we're pleased with where we are. We've got good open interest, ADV about 4,500, and increase of market makers are beyond just the 4 or 5 dealers we have. And the considered add participants. So very pleased about where we are.
Derek Sammann: On the rate side, we've talked about this before, particularly as it relates to deliverable swap futures. It had more participation from the dealer side of liquidity provision on some of the products that could be complements or, perhaps, products that segue from OTC swaps into overall futures. What we have done is continue to have healthy participation across the rate spectrum between the maker and the taker side. We actually have seen more of a product shift out of euro, dollars into Treasuries. Treasury's about 60% overall of our volume right now. So when you look at the growth of that Treasury side, it is important to note, Gill mentioned that we hit some records in February in our Treasuries complex, and those are records stood back and -- or that were set back in '07, '08. So a lot of folks are asking us, "Well, what do you see the spike in volumes to be?" We're already exceeding the levels from the Treasuries complex now in this difficult environment that we set back in '07, '08. Drivers of that certainly build out more products, specifically to address the client shift to make sure we had products that would address the needs of the asset managers, pension funds and long-only guys like Ultra Bond. So product development has been focused on bringing client segments in, as well as diversifying into parts of the curve where there's volatility.
Derek Sammann: I'll try to answer your 4 questions in one answer if I can. Let me start with your last question very quickly because there is a point in here that I wanted to mention when this came up before on the rate side specifically that where there had been some shifts that have been trending and pushing rate per contract lower in some of the member-nonmember mix, we have been offsetting portions of that downward pressure by actually putting customers into higher rate per contract products. So if you look at the interest-rate complex as a whole, a higher percentage of our rates complex is in Treasuries right now and that's a higher rate per contract product. So we've offset some of that customer shift mix, which is a downward pressure, by shifting into higher-rate product, which is Treasury. So I just wanted to get that off the board.
Derek Sammann: And I'll come back on the kind of the swaps and futures side very quickly as well. So you've heard us talk about these 270 firms. The firms that are in pipeline in debt with us is a much broader number than that, and some of these have been testing with us for 6 months, explicitly letting us know that they need to be ready for the points at which the switch would be flipped. So I think that a fair number of these guys are ready to go. In terms of the mix of the customers we're seeing right now, we've got a very high proportion of our business that's IRS, so it's the longer-dated products. We've recently put out some increased product specs that provide a broader set of OIS clearing capabilities as well. So we think we'll be able to capture a larger piece of that OIS dollar business particularly for the Phase 2s and Phase 3s. So you have about 84%, 85% of our mix right now is OIS, very good because that's longer, kind of stickier open interest for us. The OIS is shorter but a higher turnover business for us. And as I said, we're doing about 65% of the dollar business right now, and a big chunk of the Phase 2 June and Phase 3 September clients are primarily dollar based, so we're very well positioned to pick up a larger percentage of that dollar-based product -- user base as they come online about June and September.
Derek Sammann: Yes, we're going to see this come through in the same way that we saw with the March date, where we're seeing a lot of preparation, but you could see deceleration in and through that date. So we're anticipating not necessarily the ramp-up before but through and following on into the third phase as well. But one last point on that, we have seen an increase in our volumes, our April -- our numbers this past month are up -- almost 100% from last month. So 88%, I think, is the precise figure in terms of our monthly flow. So we are seeing the increase. We expect to see that accelerate post June 11.
Phupinder S. Gill: And Rich, it is available for both all clients, as well as all house accounts. Anybody who has a swap position that can be offset against the futures is eligible for that offset. So it is wide open to everybody. If you look at the overall scheme of things, the only exchange or the only CCP that has this margin offset is CME Group. No one else does have it. So from a capital-optimized perspective, it is the one solution out there that maximizes capital efficiencies for our client base.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. If I can just add, Howard, that what you're seeing over time is as we've had customers that are paying the full freight do more and more business, they would typically make a decision to take up membership, which may reduce their fees over time. And as more and more of these clients come on board, they will start at a high rate, and if it makes sense, they would pay the lower rate once they decide to become "members" of one or more of the CME Group exchanges.
Phupinder S. Gill: Just to add there and, as you said, there are 27 FCMs that currently cleared, and there's a recent report by Morgan Stanley that basically articulated that the Treasury futures and swap futures are going to benefit from Phase 2 and, in particular, those high clients that won't be able to make the cut on June 11, they have an alternative. And the sales force at Morgan Stanley and a couple of the large banks are going push deliverable swaps.
Phupinder S. Gill: I'm not sure what the lawsuit will actually do. I think the lawsuit addresses the cost-benefit part of the 5 day versus 1 day, and the CFTC has done sufficient work. We have a very strong view as to what these margin requirements represent, and generally speaking, we believe that CCP should be left to set margin levels that they deem appropriate given the risk management or the risk characteristics of the products that exist. I'll ask Kim to say a few things about what the 1 day and 5 day actually mean.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you all for joining us this morning. We will look forward to talking to you as the next 3 months go on, and see you all in about 3 months. Thank you very much.
James E. Parisi: Yes, Howard, this is Jamie. I could start and my colleagues can jump in. As you look at it, it's very much, for the most part, a mix issue as we've touched on over time. Shifts between member, nonmember, shifts between the various products within a product set will also impact that. So I don't think there's anything concerning there for us at all. You did see this quarter, we've -- a few things impact the rate. The incentives, certainly on the energy side, impacted the energy rate. Those were tied to things like options incentives and incentives around new products like Brent. So it's -- really, what we're trying to do is drive volume growth across the products with things like that. So I don't see any concerns going forward.
James E. Parisi: Yes. Chris, this is Jamie. You're right. The average rate is in the neighborhood of $3 per million of interest rates, when you look at the combined rate of interest rate and CDS. And basically, our -- the total revenue for interest rate, CDS was about $2.8 million for the quarter. The rate per million was fairly consistent, I'd say, with the rate per million in the prior quarter. And what we're seeing is, on the IRS side, the average rate is slightly below the $3 per million rate. And really, when you look at Phase 1, it's very much concentrated in -- with the hedge funds who tend to have a higher percentage of those high turnover-type businesses who may avail themselves of our high-turnover incentive plan. So they're not putting on and holding a lot of open interests, the ones who are getting that incentive, so it's not taxing the clearinghouse as much. So that's the, kind of, the reasoning there. And as we go to the next phase, we would anticipate that there'd be a heavier mix of the non-high-turnover customers who would lift that rate.
James E. Parisi: Sure. Well, we're certainly competing a little tougher around the Brent where you're seeing those incentives. On the ClearPort side, you did see a decrease in the average rate there, and that was as a result of the conversion from EFS to blocks, which are at a bit lower rate. So that drove the ClearPort average rate down a little bit. And as I said, on the options front, we did some -- we've got some incentive programs going there. And Bryan wants to add in.
James E. Parisi: Sure, on the -- in terms of the expenses, going forward, as you know, the run rate, given the guidance, is higher than what we experienced in Q1. I think going forward, the big changes or the -- where you'll see some of that come through more dominantly is in compensation, pro fees and marketing. Compensation is going to grow as we fill open positions to meet existing needs, as well as growth opportunities. The pro fees always comes in lumpy, but as we continue to invest in growth opportunities like the European exchange, for example, and regulatory compliance, we should see a higher run rate there going forward. And on marketing, again, it's lumpy. It tends to be more back-end loaded, tied to events and branding that occur later in the year. So as I look across the quarter, it's hard to give you a hard and fast -- I'd say it's fairly evenly distributed across the remainder of the year.
James E. Parisi: Yes, this -- it was tied to the delivery of the equity platform, which is up and running and has been very successful. They're very pleased with the platform. And there's, I think, one more phase, but I don't anticipate there being any significant payments from that this year.
James E. Parisi: Well, as you know, our bent is very much towards dividends, and we pay out 50% of prior year cash earnings in our regular dividend. And then, at the end of the year, we'll do the analysis around another fifth dividend, a variable dividend, that we do each year. And this past year, we pulled that into December for tax reasons because of the uncertainty in the tax rules. But going forward, I'd say the timing around that variable dividend is very likely going to be the beginning of each year, as we are able to look at the results from the prior year. So probably in the February-March time frame. But yes, we're very much committed to returning that excess capital to the shareholders.
James E. Parisi: And if I could just comment on the member-nonmember mix impact on the interest rates, yes, it weighed on the average rate there, but remember, it's a mix issue. Both member and nonmember volumes increased versus the prior quarter. It was just that the member increased faster than the nonmember.
James E. Parisi: Sure. The Index JV is operating very well for us. You can see a small increase in our -- in the line -- in the operating income or the nonoperating income driven by -- partly by better or improved economics there. And in terms of co-location, we did guide last quarter to a decrease in that business as a result of the shrinking footprint on a per-customer basis, though the number of customers has actually grown a little bit coming into co-lo. We're on target for that guidance. We were a little bit below it this quarter because we didn't have the full quarter impact yet because the new contracts came into effect mid-quarter. So we'll be down around that -- the number that we had, the $20 million or so that we had guided to last quarter. We'll be down around that number going forward.
James E. Parisi: Yes. I don't want to call it out specifically because it's a contract between us and them, but I would just say going forward that it's not something that we would consider a recurring revenue. There's one more phase that's due -- I believe one more phase that we're working on that's due with them, and so I wouldn't anticipate that hitting us coming into it this year.
James E. Parisi: The buildings, yes. So as we said, we're not in the business of -- our core is -- our core competency isn't owning and operating and leasing out the office space. So we're always taking a look at our real estate portfolio to see if it makes sense to sell any of those buildings. You saw us do it with the Board of Trade with the sale leaseback, so it's certainly something that we'll analyze around the building in New York, and with the building in Kansas City, it's much smaller in scale. But that, since we're moving operations back here in time for July, I believe, that building will very likely sell this year.
