John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, Mike. Thank you. When you take a look at the increase in expenses from Q3 to Q4, really, it's coming in primarily into three categories. One is compensation, which, similar to this quarter last year, included our annual adjustments to the estimates associated with stock-based compensation, which will cause an increase quarter over quarter – or, I'm sorry, quarterly sequentially, an increase in the fourth quarter. There's some timing related to professional fees related to organic growth initiatives between the third and fourth quarter. And the other line, which, similar to prior years, is seasonally higher in the fourth quarter and includes costs associated with marketing and customer-facing events. So to put this into context, we anticipate only a 1% annual increase in organic expenses this year, and we decided not to adjust our guidance. When you take a look at next year, we will update everybody in the fourth quarter's conference call, but we did say that we'd be between the low and mid-single digits, with the higher end of the mid-single digits being due to higher revenue achievement. So the entire team here is extremely focused on expense discipline, and we're carrying that forward into 2017.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, Dan, thank you. So there really is no change to our view on M&A. We look at M&A with an eye on creating long-term shareholder value. So we definitely pay attention to the marketplace and are constantly looking at opportunities, and when we see something that is long term value enhancing, we'll act on it. With regard to whether or not it is transactional versus non-transactional in nature, really, we look at it more from a point of view on creating long-term shareholder value. So if something does create value and we see that it fits in our business strategically, that's something that we will act on.
John W. Pietrowicz: Well it's, first off, the increase from – when you take out license fees, the increase from Q4 last year to Q4 this year is a $10 million increase. We did have timing related, some growth oriented projects that shifted between Q3 and Q4. We also, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've got an advertising program that we're expecting to – that we're expecting to launch in the fourth quarter. So that's impacting as well. So as you have seen from what Gill had mentioned, we've got an unprecedented number of new product launches and that's – and part of doing that requires some organic spend. So in total, we decided not to adjust our guidance, and as I mentioned, it's really a 1% annual increase in expenses, and, in fact, if you look at the last two quarters of 2014, and compare that to the last two quarters of 2016, we're flat.
John W. Pietrowicz: We feel very strongly that we've got a very good dividend policy between the regular dividend and the annual variable dividend. As you saw this year, we adjusted our regular dividend up 20% to create more of a balance between the annual variable and the regular dividend. So, we are very committed to the policy, and as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, there will be some positive increases in terms of the amount of cash going into the fourth quarter related to our sale down of our stake in BM&F, so that freed up about $150 million in cash that can be used when determining the annual variable dividend.
John W. Pietrowicz: It's really – it's a board decision, but if you take a look at our past, we've had a policy of consistently increasing our regular dividend, but it's really a board decision, and it's something that we'll be analyzing in the fourth quarter along with the annual variable dividend level.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, this is John. I'll take it, and I will ask Derek to comment specifically on the energy side. So within equities, we had a higher proportion of member trading. And in energy, we had two factors. One is we had a larger proportion of member trading than last quarter, with member volumes up 19% and non-members up 15%. We also saw a large increase in the use of our electronic natural gas options, which are lower priced than ClearPort. And Derek, if you want to comment on what you're seeing in terms of options trading, that would be great. But before we do that, I will just mention, in terms of the advertising campaign, yes, it's geared towards more retail and non-members. So with that, I will hand it over to Derek on the options.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sorry. Just one more point on that. When I'd look at the fourth quarter, I think market data will be in the neighborhood of $100 million.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. I wouldn't say it wasn't as high as we expected. I think we're right now at about a $3 million run rate per year in terms of – in terms of the amount that we had anticipated – that we gave out in terms of take up. So although it's only 173 – $170,000 for the quarter, we are at a $3 million run rate. So, it does take times for firms to make these decisions, as you indicated. They are weighing the annual variable dividend that they get in the fourth quarter by – or into the first quarter as – for holding our shares, so they take a look at that. Also, we think it's beneficial for new members coming in, especially those from overseas, that were holding CME stock and having that amount of capital is prohibitive. So, that takes time to work through the system. So, in terms of the overall opportunity being about $40 million, we're at roughly 10% of that and it's only been out for just a couple of months. So, for us, this is really nothing but upside for us.
Kimberly S. Taylor: And I think that total, the total house cash that we hold is kind of on the order of $20 billion, fluctuates from day to day. We have our accounts open for the house cash with the Fed, and we're going through the last stages of the testing to make sure that everything will flow appropriately. And then we're still working with the CFTC and the Fed on the non-house cash or what we would call the customer cash, as well.
Kimberly S. Taylor: On the customer cash side, the non-house, that timing is really in the hands of the Federal Reserve and it's not something that is very easy to handicap.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I would just expand a little built on the moral hazard point. I mean, I agree with Gill, that we are very big believers in "skin in the game" from the clearinghouse, the clearinghouse needs the alignment of incentives with the clearing member. But the clearing members are very important participants in any kind of default management situation and the mutualization of risk across clearing mechanisms is part of the reason why clearinghouse mechanisms work so effectively. And turning too much of that to the contribution of the CCP up front, could change the dynamics of the risk mechanisms that support a good default management. So the moral hazard is very real and shows up in multiple ways in the process.
Kimberly S. Taylor: Yeah, I would just add a couple of things. Gill mentioned the kind of varying perspectives of different regulators, and one of the things – part of our advocacy is to help educate regulators that are newer to the regulation of clearinghouses or CCPs. Because although the G20 and the regulation have pushed products into clearing mechanisms because clearing mechanisms worked in the crisis, the interesting thing is that now they are thinking about slightly changing the way clearing mechanisms need to work. So we want to make sure that clearing mechanisms maintain their effectiveness, and our advocacy is in that regard with respect to flexibility and crisis management, and the ability to have strong risk management programs.
Derek L. Sammann: Yeah. Hey, Kyle, it's Derek. Thanks for your question. We are actually very excited about the growth rates that we've been able to unlock in our energy complex, and it's a number of factors both that we are controlling for in terms of our ability to both roll out product, acquire new customers, position our benchmark products in what is a market that is shifting structurally in favor of our benchmark products that, whether you look at the lifting of the export ban in crude back in December of 2015, creating a waterborne product that is WTI – we now have a product that the market is increasingly adopting as a global benchmark. As Gill referenced in his earlier comments at the top of the call, our growth in Asia, particularly in our energies franchise, is up in excess of 100%. So adoption and participation in our markets globally is increasing as we are leveraging Bryan's teams on the ground in Europe and in Asia to go access and bring new customers on board. And when we actually think about the energies complex as a whole we're thinking about well beyond just the crude story. We're talking about nat gas as well. So as we talk about the overall franchise on slide nine of the deck that we sent you guys, in the same structural shifts we talked about that are beneficial to our crude business favoring WTI over Brent, we're also seeing some reconnecting of the global nat gas market. On slide nine on the right-hand side, we've got a graph of what we're showing as a reconnecting of the prices of U.S. nat gas, really driven by our physical Henry Hub products, between the prices both in Asia and Germany. And when you look at the market share that we've grown to, we are now 76% market share of the global Henry Hub futures market. That's up from 73% in 2015 and 68% in 2014. So we're excited about as markets converge, the role that the Henry Hub futures complex, the physical part that we launched, will play as a benchmark product pricing in the global nat gas market as those prices disconnect from the crude market and reconnect globally. Also, the open interest levels over the course of this year, we've reached not only record levels of open interest in nat gas, but we're hovering right at all-time highs in our large open interest holders on the futures side. And on the options, as we talked about previously, record levels of electronification in nat gas options and continued growth, our nat gas options business is up over 30% this year.
Derek L. Sammann: When I look at the progress that we've made relative to the business that we've developed, we've got a nice problem. We've got a market that's up over 30% in September volume-wise. As I mentioned, the market share increasing up 70% on the futures side, and our market share relative of the nat gas options is still around 64%, 65%. But what we've really done is we've focused on electronifying the nat gas options business. When you look at what the other offerings are out there, this is a market that's typically been brokered, and we're the ones that have gone from less than 10% electronic in nat gas options to a record of over 40%, as Gill mentioned at the top of the call. And as you've seen us do across products over time, when you focus on functionality and electronic access to your options market, bringing people into the transparent central and order book, we tend to see the velocity of transactions increase, and more important, we can access a global customer base. That's really hard to do in a block market. So we're excited about the progress we've made. The large open interest holder record levels that we're touching on is really a reflection of the increased global adoption of our product set. So we're excited about the multiple records we've hit in nat gas options – ADV, single day record, large open interest holders, as well as the deferred bump (39:49) liquidity that we have built and focused on over the last 12 months as well. Our open interest in months 6 through 12 is up 36%, as we are focusing on the commercial end user customers to bring them into our market, and those are the physical users that are using our product.
Derek L. Sammann: Yeah, on the nat gas side, as John mentioned, there's two things going on. Number one, you have seen us build into sustainable growth and options markets by making sure that we can build those marks electronically. So we can market that liquidity globally. We've faced a market structure in nat gas options a year ago that was 95% brokered, less than 5% traded on screen. So every time we shifted businesses from a brokered market onto the screen we have done that because our experience has shown that you create a sticky ecosystem of user participants by bringing them into the central of an order book. The downside of that is you end up giving up our block surcharge, when we charge people an excess amount for dealing outside of the central of an order book. So it's been a very disciplined approach to move that business on screen. So we are finding a great deal of success moving from less than 10% electronic, to a record of 44% electronic earlier this year, I think in August and September. So it's a shift that we have anticipated, a shift we've undertaken in other markets as we've globalized and electronified them, and with the business up 31%, typically you also start to move through volume tiers as well. So we consider this a first world problem relative to volumes growth and a disciplined move on to a central order book.
